THE

STATUTES

OF

THE UNITED KINGDOM

OF

GREAT BRITAIN AND IRELAND.

WITH NOTES, REFERENCES, AND AN INDEX,

By THOMAS EDLYNE TOMLINS, Esq.

BARRISTER AT LAW.

VOLUME THE THIRD.

From A.D. 1807; 47 George III. - To A.D. 1809; 49 George III.

BOTH INCLUSIVE.

With A General Index from the Union, A.D. 1801.

LONDON:

Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King's Most Excellent Majesty;

And by Andrew Strahan, Law Printer to the King's Most Excellent Majesty.

A

TABLE

Containing THE TITLES of all

THE STATUTES,

Passed in the FIRST (and only) Session of the THIRD Parliament

of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland;

47 GEORGE III. Sess. 1.

PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS.

1. AN Act to revive and make perpetual and to amend an Act made in the Forty-second Year of His present Majesty. for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, and for expediting the Proceedings relating thereto. Page 1

2. An Act for raising the Sum of Ten millions five hundred thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven. Ibid.

3. An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven. 2

4. An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England; and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven. Ibid.

---

5. An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and employments; and for extending the Times limited for those Purposes respectively, until the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and seven, and to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and hie* Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the First Day of Michaelmas Term One thousand eight hundred and seven. Ibid.

6. An Act to continue, duping the present War, and until One Year after the Termination thereof by the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, an Act made in the Forty-fourth Year of rlis present Majesty, for empowering His Majesty to accept the Services of such Parts of his Militia Forces in Ireland*s might voluntarily offer themselves to be employed in Great Britain* Ibid.

7. An Act to declare that certain Provisions of an Act of the last Session of the last Parliament, intituled, An Act to permit the free Interchange of every Species of Grain between Great Britain and Ireland shall extend to Grain the Produce of those Countries only.

8. An Act to continue for the Term of Seven Years certain Acts of the Parliament of Ireland, for preventing the Importation of Arms, Gunpowder, and Ammunition, and the making, removing, felling, and keeping of Gunpowder,

Arms, and Ammunition, without Licence. J

9. An Act for allowing the Exportation annually of a limited.

Quantity of Worded Yam to Canada. Ibid.

10. An Act for raising the Sum of One Million by Treasurr

Bills for the Service of Ireland for the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven. Ibid.

11. An Act to authorize His Majestjr, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, to make Regulations respecting the Trade and Commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope. Ibid.

12. An Act to abolish certain Offices in the Customs in Ireland; and to abolish or regulate certain other Offices therein. Ibid.

13. An Act for in veiling certain Commissioners appointed for the Examination of Accounts and Expenditure relating to the Office of Barrack Mailer General, with certain Powers and Authorities necessary for the Examination of such Accounts and Expenditure. 5

14. An Act to amend several Acts, for regulating the Trial of

Controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, so far as the same relate to Ireland. 6

15. An Act to continue for the Term of Seven Years, certain Acts for the better Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to seduce Persons serving in His Majesty's Forces byrSea or Land from their Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny or Disobedience. 6

ii The TITLES of the STATUTES,

16. An Act to amend several Acts for the Sale of His Majesty, Quit Pwcnts, Crown and other Lems, and of certain Lands iorfeued and undisposed of in Irehml. 8

17. An Act to ircure the Collection of the Duties on Auctions in Ireland; and to prevent Frauds therein. 9

18. An Act to grant to His Majesty certain«Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes, in//'.AW, and to allow certain Drawbacks in respect thereof; in lieu of former Duties of Excite, Taxes, and Drawbacks. 14

19. An Act to provide more effectually for regulating the

Di m ..-hacks and Bounties on the Exportation ot Sugat from Jr el.md; and for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be ware hauled in Ireland, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight. 28

20. An Act to suspend, until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and foven, the Payment of all Drawbacks on Spirits made or d: hilled in Great Britain or Iceland, and exported from either Country to the other respectively.'30

21. An Act to provide for regulating and securing the Collection of certain Rates and Taxes in Ireland\ in respect of Dwelling Houses, Fire Hearths, "Windows, Male Servants, Hurfes, Dogs, and Carriages. 31

22. An Act to allow for Two Years, from and after the passing of this Act, an additional Bounty on Double Refined Sugar, and to extend former Bounties on other Refined Sugar to such as Avail he pounded, crashed, or broken; and, to allow for One Year certain Bounties on British Plantation Raw Sugar exported. 37

23. An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the

Ninth Year of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, as veils in the South Sea Company or Corporation, by the said Act erected, the foie and exclusive Privilege of carrying on Trade and Traffic to and from any Part whatsoever of South /varied, or in the South Seas, which now are or may at any Time hereafter be in the Pofilfiion of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors. 41

24. An Act for allowing, until the First Day of Avgujl One thousand eight hundred and eight, the Importation of certain Fish from Newfoundland and the Co alt oi Labrador, and for grautinga Bounty thereon. Ibid.

35. An Act to allow Turley Tobacco to be imported into Great Britain, in finall Packages. Ibid.

26. An Act for extending to German Yarn the Provisions of

an Act m*ide in the lall SetTion of the lull Parliament for

permitting P.vjJ'un Yarn to be imported in Foreign Slops on Payment of the like Duties as if imported in Briti/Jj Ships, - 42

27. An Act for granting to His Map-Ay, until Twelve

Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, certain additional Duties of Excise on Brandy in Great Britain. !3

2n. An Act for ra'sing the Sum of Fourteen Millions Two hundred thousand Pounds by way of Anmmies. 44

29. An Act for t miner continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of .1 tanh One thousand eight hundred aval eight, certain Bounti. a.* !# Drawbacks on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain; urn for suspending flic Countervailing Duties and Bounins 011 Sugar when the Duties impufvd Ivy an Acbof the last Session of Parliament shall be lulpended.

Ilid.

30. An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Dxny of March 0»iC thousand eight hundred n; ?d ten, an Act oi the Forty fourth Year of His present fv'ajeily, for permitting the Exportation of Salt from the Port of Mr [fan in the Hard of lie zv Providmce, the Foit of Exumc: , and the Port if Crooled JJLai.i in the Bahama IJhnds, in bl ips belonging

to the Inhabitants of the United States of America, and

coming in Ballast.

3 I. An Act to repeal Part of the Duty on the Importation of

unmannfaAured Tobacco into Ireland. IIid.

32. An Act for pimishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters. 45

33. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore. CS

34. An Act for continuing, until the First Day of Auyujl One thousand eight hundred and eight, an Act of the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for allowing, under certain Re-itrictions, the bringing a limited Quantityof Coa.ls, Culm, or Cinders, to London an dlVe/lminster, bylnlandNavigation. ibid.

35. An Act to (ecure the Payment of the Duties on Licences

granted to Persons in Ireland dealing in Exciseable Commodities. Ibid.

3. An Act for the Abolition of the Slave Trade. 73

37. An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of

March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and amend an Act, made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Prevention of Depredations on the River Thames and its Vicinity; and to amend an Act made in the Second Year of His present Majesty, to prevent the committing of Thefts and Frauds by Persons navigating Bum-Boats, and other Boats, upon the River Thames. 77

38. An Act to amend several Acts for regulating and securing

the Collection of the Duties on Paper made in Ireland; and to make perpetual so much of an Act made in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, as relates to Paper Hangings printed or ilained ill Ireland. to

39. An Act to rectify a Millake in an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to settle Annuities on certain Branches of the Royal Family. 84

40. An Act to grant to His Majesty, until the Twenty-ninth.

Day of September One thousand eight hundred and eight, a Duty upon Malt made in Ireland, and upon Spirits made or diddled in Ireland, and to allow certain Drawbacks on the Exportation thereof. Ibid.

41. An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of

March One thousand eight hundred and eight, and from thence until the End of the then next Sefiioii of Parliament, an Act made in the Forty-fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for appointing Commi {Turners to enquire into the Fee.-, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments received iu several I'uhlick Offices in Ireland; to examine into any Abuses which may' ex ill in the fame, and into the Mode of receiving, collecting, issuing, and accounting for Publick Money, in Pel ud. Il'uL

42. An Act to continue for Twenty-one Years, so much of certain Act 1 of the Parliament ol Ireland, as relate to the lighting, cleaning, and watching of Citk t*. and Towns, for I lie lighting, cknniing, and watching ol which no particular vcvssion is nr. be by any A A of i mlimnext. Sy

4J An Act to declare, that the Prnviiion of an Act made in the Parliament of Ire!aid in the Thirty-third Year of Ling Henry the Eighth, relating to Servants Wages, ihnli extend to all Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns in

IrJaud.^Ilid.

4 g An Act to amend an Act made in the kdl Scfii n of 1 ar-

lian-.ent, for regulating and providing for the Relief of the Poor and the Management of Infirmaries and Hospitals in Ireland. ibid.

45. An Act to continue an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty full Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King Gear?, the Second, for the better supplying the City of DA/in with Coals, and for the better Encouragement of the Coilieritj of Iceland. m

46. An

[Publick General, ) 47" GEO. III. Sess. r. iii

46. An Act for raising the Stun of One Million five hundred thonfaiid Pounds by way of Annuities, for the Service of Inland8 6

47. An Act to authorize the Payment of Prize Money ari Hug from Captures made by Ships of his Sicilian Majesty in Conjunction with Ihitish Shins, to the Si ilinn Envoy, for the Use of the OOicers and Men of such Ships; and also the Payment of Money anting out of Proceeds of Prizes or Captures made by any other Ships or Vessels belonging to Foreign States, - in Conjunction with His Majesty's Shins.

itiii.

4T An Act to repeal so much of certain Acts as relates to the Regulations or Conditions under which Coffee, Cocoa Nuts, Sugar, and Rice, (not being the Produce of the Raft Indies)) are allowed to be secured in Wari houses, without Payment of Duty; and to authorize the Collectors and Comptrollers of the Customs in His Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in /mrrica, and the 11'ejl Indies, to administer certain Oaths.'Ibid.

49. An Act for permitting the Exportation of Fullers Earth, Fulling Clay, and Tobacco l ipe Clay, to any Place in Possession of His Majesty, 87

50. An Act to repeal the several Duties under the Care of the Commissioners for managing tfhe Stamp Duties in Ire-L'ul.iv.d to grant new and additional Duties in lieu therrvjf; and to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties in Inland. SS

51. An Act to extend the Provifrons of an Act made in the lull Sdson of Parliament, for abolishing Ftes received by certain Officers and other Persons employed in the Service

of the Customs in tlm Port of f ondon, and for regulating the Attendance of Officers and others so employed, to the Out-Ports; and to appropriate the Fees of certain abolished and vacant Offices in the Customs to the Superannuation Fund.

IC9

52. An Act for enabling ITis Majesty to grant the Palace

called The Kind's Ifoufe, with the Appurtenances, situate in Greer.wieh Park, in the County of Kent, to the Commissioners for the Governm-mt of 7'he Royal Naval /?fylum, and for enabling the fakl Coinniillioners to appoint a Chaplain to officiate therein. 112

53. An Act to fofpend for Twelve Months so much of an Act of the Second Year of King James the F.rfK intituled, Sn cl com erniny Tar.rtc /, Cu rir s, Shocnujhe J, a ml oiler /rtifavs, occupying the cuffing '/Leather, as prohibits the regrating and ingrossing or Often liar!; . Ibid.

54. An Act for ineiealing the Ratrs of Suhfiflence to be paid

to Innkeepers and others on quarter ing Soldi r n Hid.

55. An Act for charging the Smn of Twelve Millions, Part

of the Loan of Twelve Millions two hundred thousand Pounds, rnifed for the Service of (treat Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven, upon the Duties of Customs and Excise, granted to His Majfty doling the Continuance of the prefc.it Whir, and for certain Periods aher the Ratification of a D ft diiv Treaty of Peace; and for providing a Sinking Fund for the Redemption of the Stocks or Funds thereby created. ri f

56. An Act for the further regulating the Office of Trca-

surer of His Majesty's Navy. 114

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED,

OR PRINTED COPIES WHEREOF ARE DECLARED TO BE EVIDENCE.

i. AN Act for extending the Term, and altering the Towers

J\ of an Act made in the Forty-fifth Year of His pre-hat Mnjffty, intituled, n AS to enable Robert Bowyer, of Pill Mall, in the City of Well minder, j Esquire, to difpfe of his Collection of Panning*', Drawing, and Eng "a rings, together with federal Copies of art. in Boohs therein mentioned, by v y of Chance. 1 1 5

ii. An Act to continue and amen 1 Two Acts, paffid in the

Fumth and Twenty fifth Years of His prefer.t Majesty, f r repairing and widening several Roads lead.ng from the Town of Li ford, in the County of Devon. Ibid.

ii; . An Act to combine and amend Two Acts, made in the Fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of Hio p'efent M. jedy, for j repairing the Road from sJjlelorne, in the County of Derby,; out li. par Bridge, to the present Turnpike Road from j Sh field and Chij!erf eld to Derby, at or near a Place called 0feu wood (late, and from Bclpar Bridge to Ripley, in the I County of Derby. Hid. j

iv. An Act for extending to Sums of greater Amount than

Forty Shillings, the Proviiious of Ti ree Acts, palltd in the Fifth. Sixth, and Tenth Year.-, of His rrfteut Mapdy, for the Recovery of Small Debts within the Hundreds j of BhuLl'cat!}, Lror.dey and P.ed: nha>n, Roh./hy otherwise ( Ruedy. and Little and Le/fifs, in the Count v of Arc/, and of Ii aihryton, in the County of Surrey, and for amending the said Acts. Ibid.

v. An Act to continue and amend Two Acts, passed in the

Eighth and Tenth Years of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from Christophers Bridge, in the Borough of The!lord, in the County of Snfth, to the North Fail End of the Town of Nczvmarlet, in the County of Cambridge.

1

vi An Act for repairing and improving the Road from the llunilon Turnpike Road, near Turd Earm, in the Ikirkh of Upotlcry, in the Count v of Devon, to the Ilmirfcr Turnpike Road, near the Village of Barton, in the Parish of IIminferf in the County of Saner/it Hid.

vii. An Act to enlarge the Powers and extend the Junfftclion of the Commissioners of Sewers for the City and Liberty of li'fhv.'.njher, and Part of the County of AIdJIe/tx. 1 J A viii An Act for continuing 'die'Per 111 and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the Tfiirty-lccond Year of His present Majesty, ior repairing and improving the Kuad from the Town of Chap then h-Friih, to, or near to, Enter-dough Bridge, in the County of Dirly, and ot her Ko-.dtf therein mentioned, in the said County, and in the County Pilatii.cof C hr/It r. II /.

ix. An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Too Acts, of the Sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of Iks prcLr.t Majesty, ior r pairing and w dening the Ko.vd Tu n dllu.Ucy Corner to IValfall and IViJ.jburx, and to Leigh Hr 01: .ind Oder hidy a*.J several oth-'r Roads in the Con.it r <: 0: aLr 1 /, lo far as the same relate to the Two fh .1 Duliicts oi Road therein comprised. Ibid.

22 x. An

The TITLES of the STATUTES

X. An Act for enabling the Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for taking donjon and rebuilding the Body of the Parish Church of Chertsey, in the County of Surrey, and for repairing the Tower thereof and building a Vestry Room near or adjoining to the said Church, to raise a further Sum of Money for completing the Purposes of the said Act. 116

xi. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and en-

larging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirtieth and Thirty-seventh Year3 of His present Majesty, for making and repairing certain Roads in the County of Fife, and for making and keeping in Repair several other Roads in the said County. Ibid.

xii. An Act for further regulating and converting the Statute

Labour in the County of Fife, and for more effectually making and repairing the Highways, Bridges, and Ferries, within the said County. Ibid.

*Ui. An Act for regulating and converting the Statute Labour, in the Counties of Ross and Cromarty, and that Part of the County of Naim which is locally situated in the County of Ross*and for more effectually making and repairing the Roads and Bridges within the lame; and for making and maintaining the great Poll Road from the Confines of Invernefsshire to the Confines of the Shire of Sutherland. Ibid.

xiv. An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His late Majesty,

for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town of Birmingham and Hamlet of Dentend thereto adjoining, in the County of Warwick. 117

xv. An Act for enlarging the Church-yard belonging to

the Parish of Saint Martin, in the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and for providing an additional Cemetery or Burial Ground for the Use of the said Parish. Ibid.

xvi. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and

enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Fifth and Fifteenth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Porthaethwy Ferry to Holyhead, in the County of jinglefey. Ibid.

Xvii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Elf don, in the County of Nofthumberland. Ibid.

xviii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Corfenftde,

within the Manor of Ridsdale, in the County of Northumberland. Ibid.

xix. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Irflead, in

the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

xx. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Liberty or Township of Basford, in the Parish of Cheddleton, in the County of Stafford. Ibid.

xxi. An Act for vesting in new Trustees certain Trull Estates

c&mprized in the Settlement made on the Marriage of the Right Honourable George Venables Lord Vernon, w'ix\\ Louisa Barbara Lady Vtrnoti his late Wife. Ibid.

xxii. An Act for amending, altering, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Town and Port of Sandwich, in the County of Kent, to the respective Towns of Margate and Ramsgate, in the Isle of Thanet, in the said County; and for reducing, for a limited Time, the Tolls and Duties Dow payable at Sandwich Bridge, by virtue of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of His late Majesty. Ibid.

X*hi. An Act for repealing Two Acts made in the Eighth and Eleventh Years of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading through the County of Selkirk, and for the better making and repairing the said Roads, and ther Roads in the said County. Ibid.

3

xxiv. An Act for repealing Two Acts, made in the Fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Scott Dyke, in the County of Dumfries, by or through the Villages of Langholm and Hawick, to Haremofs, in the County of Roxburgh, and for the better making, repairing, and keeping in Repair the said Road. 117

xxv An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Fox/ey Hatch, in the Parish of Croydon, into the Town of Reigate, in the County of Surrey. Ibid.

xxvi. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and

enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Little Bridge over the End of the Drain next JViJbeach River, lying between Jtopers Fields and the Bell Inn in Wijbcach, and the Isle of Ely, to the Sign of the Bear in Walfoken, in the County of Norfolk, and several other Roads in the said Acts mentioned. Ibid.

xxvii. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and

enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Minehead, and from Dunjler and Watchet, in the County of Somerset, and for improving certain other Roads therein described, in the said County. 11S

xxviii. An Act for granting to the Chapel lately rebuilt

in the Royal Hospital or Bridewell, all the Rights and Privileges belonging to the former Chapel of the said Hospital, lately taken down. Ibid.

xxix. An Act to amend and render more effectual Three Acts,

made in the Eleventh, Fifteenth, and Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, for the Regulation and Improvement of the Fisheries of the River Tweed. 119

xxx. An Act to enable The G'obc Insurance Company to sue in

the Name of their Treasurer, and to inrol Annuities. 124

xxxi. An Act to enable i he Albion Fire and Life Infuran e

Company to sue in the Name of their Secretary, and to in roll Annuities. Ibid.

xxxii. An Act to enable The London Life Association to sue in the Name of their President, and to enroll Annuities. 125

xxxiii. An Act to enable The Pelican Life Insurance Company

to sue in the Name of their Secretary, and to inroll Annuities. Ibid.

xxxiv. An Act to enable The Provident Institution to sue in

the Name of their managing Director, and to inroll Annuities. Ibid.

xxxv. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Port of Sandwich, and the Vills of Ramsgate and Sarr, and the Parishes of Minster, Saint Lawrence, Stonar, Monkton, and Saint Nicholas, in, the Isle of Thanet; Waimer, Ash next Sandwich, Eastry, Wingham, Staple, Goodneflone next Wingham, Chittenden, Nonnington, Woodne/borough otherwise Winjborow, Eythome, Word other* wife Worth, Elm/lone, Prejion next Wingham, Ickham, Wick-ha mbreux, Walderjbare, Barfreston, Shepherdftvell otherwise Sibbertfwould, Wymenfwould, Barham, Patrixboum, Bishop bourn, Beakjbourn, Littlebourn, Stodmarsh, and Stourmouth, in the County of Kent. Hid.

xxxvi. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parishes of Hales Owen, Rowley Regit, llarbourne, West Bromwich, Tipton, and the Manor of Bradley, in the Counties of Worcester, Salop, and Stafford. Ibid.

xxxvii. An Act to alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Fifteenth Year of His present Majesty, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Hundred of Elloe} in the County of Lincoln> and for extending

r

(Local & Persona!, ) 47° GEO. III. SeiT. 1.

tending the Jurisdiction of the Court constituted by the said Act to the Parishes of Surjlcct and Gojhcrton, in the Hundred of Kirton, in the said County. 125

xxxviii. An Act for altering and enlarging so much of the

Powers of several Acts, made in the Second, Third* Fourth, Fifth, Eleventh, Fourteenth, and Thirtieth Years of His present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Street* and other Places within the City and Liberty of tVcstminster and Parts adjacent, as relate to the Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint George Blooms-bury} in the County of MicLUefex, and to certain Places called Holborn above the Bars, and Middle Row, k Hellorn, in the said County, and for the better Regulation of the Nightly Watch of the said Parishes. Ibid.

xxxix. An Act for inclosing and draining certain Lands in

the Parish of Martham, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

xl. An Act for enabling certain Persons therein named to carnr into Execution a Partition lately made under a Decree of His Majesty's High Court of Chancery, of the Moyfer Estate, in the County of York, and the County of the City of York, On the Part of the Reverend Richard Gee, Robert Whyte Esquire, and Thomas Metcalfe Esquire. I2£

xli. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Crosby, in the Parishes of Frodingham and Flixborough, in the County of Lincoln. 126

xlii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Mere, in the County of Wilts. Ibid.

xliii. An Act for inclosing and draining Lands within ttye Parishes of Repps with Bast wick and Eccles next the Sea, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

NOT PRINTED'*

I. AN Act for naturalizing Tebaldo Monzant.

2. An Act for naturalizing Jean Jaques Shchcnck.

3. An Act to relieve Francis Lord DcDunJlanvillt from certain. Pliabilities and Penalties, in consequence of his having fat in the House of Peers during a Debate therein, without, being duly qualified by taking the Oaths and making the Declaration prescribed by Law, and subscribing the fame respectively.

4. An Act for inclosing z certain Trad of Commonable Land, in the Parish of Cofftnglon, in the County of Somerset.

5. An Act for indoiing Lands in the Parish of Downhathcrley, in the County of Gloucester.

[And for making Compensation for Tylbes.\

6. An Act for naturalizing Aime Lallemand.

7. An Act for naturalizing John Vanden Kerckhove.

8. An Act for naturalizing Frederick Ducrr.

9. An Act for naturalizing John Lewis Fleming.

10. An Act for naturalizing David Con ft aniine Zacharias.

11. An Act for naturalizing John Jama O verbeck.

12. An Act for indoiing Lands in the Township of Alne, in the North Riding of the County of York.

13. An Act for inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands in the Parish of Middle, in the County of Salop.

14. An Act for naturalizing Andrew Amalric and Francis Amalric an Infant.

15. An Act for inclosing Lands io the Parish of Membury, in the County of Devon.

16. An Act for indoiing Lands in the Parish of Stalhamf in the County of Norfolk.

17. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York.

[And for making Compensation for Vicarial Tythes\

18. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Ringwooct, in the County of Southampton.

19. An Act for inclosing Lands in Oundlc, and in the Hamlet

of Ashtonr in the Parish of Oundlc, in the County of Northampton. L/fiv/ for making Compensation fr 7\thes.]

20. An Act for inc losing Lands in the Parish of Hopemanfel, im the County of Hereford.

21. An Act for indoiing Lands in the Parish of West Bag-borough, in the County of Somerset.

22. An Act for inclosing Wefiwood Common, in the Parish of Much JVenlock, in the County of Salop.

23. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Ilchester, Stokc-under-Hambden, Tin tin hull, Ashington, and Lymington, in the County of Somerset.

24. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Back well, in the County of Somerset.

25. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish oi Corse Mullen, in the County of Dorset.

26. An Act for indoiing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Salford, in the County of Bedford.

[And for making Compensation for Tythesl]

27. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Frit well, in the County of Oxford.

[And for making Compensation for Ty/hes.]

28. An Act for indoiing Lands in the Hamlet or Chapelry of Queenbill, in the Parish of Ripple, in the County of Worcester.

fAnd for making Compensation for Ty/hes.]

29. An Act for naturalizing Francis William Fag el I.

30. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Newport Pagnell, in the County of Buckingham.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

A

TABLE

Containing THE TITLES of all

THE STATUTES,

Passed in the FIRST Session of the FOURTH Parliament

OF THE

United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland j 47 GEORGE III. Self. 2.

PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS.

1. AN Ad to continue until the Fifth Day of July One Jy. thousand eight hundred and eight, several Acts for granting certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into and exported from Ireland 127

2. An Act to revive and continue, until the Expiration of Six

We'k$ after the Commencement of the next St. (lion of Parliament, Three Acts passed in the Thirty-seventh* Forty-fifth, and Forty-sixth Years of His Majesty's Reign, for carrying ii.to Execution the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, between His Majesty and the United States of sir; ca; and for empowering His Majesty to suspend, befor the First Pay of Alarch One thousand eight hundred and eight the Provisions of the said Acts, for iueh Period as His Majesty may deem expedient. Hid,

3. An Act to indemnify Per ions who have advised or acted

under an Older of Council for making Regulations with respect to ti e Navigation and Commerce between His Majesty's Subjects and the Subjects of the United States ot si me tea. Iiid.

4. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity

to j\i i v- (JrMu tid S-r John S/uar: , Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath, in Conbderntion of the eminent Seniors which he has rendered to His Majesty and the Ptihliek. 128

An Act for empowering the Commissioners of Kilmnin-

ham Hospital to make Rules and Regulations for the Payin' 1 t of Pen lions to Soldiers on the Ellahlishment of that Hospital.^Ibid.

6. An Act for r d.fng the Sum of Three millions by Loans or Exchequer Bilb, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One (lion, and eight hundred and seven. 129

'*] An Act h>r raising the Sum of One million five hundred Uioufaiivi Pounce, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the

Service of Great B italn for the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven. 129

8. An Act concerning Common Recoveries fullered in Copy-

hold or Culloinary Courts by Attorney. Ibid.

9. An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to

be raised by Lotteries. 130

to. An Act for encouraging the Export of Salted Beef and Pork from Ireland,41

11. An Act to provide for the Recovery of Penalties under

Certain Act, made in the Forty-seventh Year of His pre-font Majesty, for securing the* Rates and Duties in Ireland in respect of Dwelling Houses, Fire Hearths, Windows, Male Servants, Horses, Dogs, and Carriages; and oil Licences to Fcvfons dealing in Exciseable Commodities; and on Paper and Paper Hangings; and to alter the Condition of certain Bonds to be given by Brewers in Ireland 14 2

12. An Act to make further Regulations with respect to

Licences for the Sale of Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail in Ireland. 143

13. An Act to lunprefs Inferred ions, and prevent the Dif-

turbance of the Public Peace in Ireland, >47

14. An Act to repeal certain Duties of Excise, and also certain

Stamp Duties in Ireland, and to grant certain new Stamp Duties in lieu thereof; and to amend the Law's relating to the Stamp Duties in I eland. 153

15. An Act to provide for the regulating and securing the

Collection of the Duty on Gold and Silver Plate, wrought or manufactured in Ireland. 157

16. An Act to grant to His Majesty, until the 5th Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eight, certain Duties on the Importation, and to allow" Drawbacks on the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize into.and from Ireland. 161

17. Aa

(TubJick , ) 47

VJ, An Act to amend an Act made in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for the regulating and l'ecuring the CVk\k: ion of the Daties on Spirits ciifl ilied in Ireland. 169

18. An Act to provide for the Decrrease and Suspension,

in certain Cases, of Part of the Countorvaihng Duties on Bmijl Refined Sugar imported into Ireland, 175

19. An Act to continue, until the Twenty-ninthDayof September

One thousand eight hundred and eight, and to amend Two Acta, made in the Parliament of Ireland, to regulate the Trade of Rectifying Spirits.*Ibid.

50. An Act to enable His Majesty to appoint the Chancellor

of the Exchequer, for the Time being in Ireland, One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurerin England, without Salary. 177

51. An Act to continue, until the Twenty-ninth Day of h-frailer One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, an Act, paf.eil in Ireland in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of His present Majesty, respecting certain Annuities.

...J7S

12. An Act to continue, until the Twenty-ninth Day of

Stftender One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, an Act, puffed in Ireland in the Thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for the Improvement and Exiension of the Fisheries on the Coasts of Ireland. Ibid.

2j. An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds for building Glebe Houses in Ireland. Ilid.

24. An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thuty-i.int.il and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, concerning the Disposition of certain Real and Perlunai Piepfrtv of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and also of the Real and Perlcr.al property of Her Majesty, and of the (Ju-.cn Consort for the Time being. 1 79

27. An Act for the mote convenient Payment of Half Pay 2'id IViilieus, and oilier Allowances to Officers and V. idovvs of Officers, and to Persons upon the Compassionate Lid. i so

26. An Act for defraying, until the Twenty-fifth Pay of Amy.'- One thousand eight hundred and eight, the Charge of the Pav and Clothing of the Militia ot Ireland; lor tdhiy C ourts Martial on Servant Major', Scneai.ts, Cor-purzh j rTJJ Drummers, for Offences committed during the T; ir - such Mi'.itia shall not be embodb d; and ffr making AT .vancfs in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Mduring Peace. 1 b

2; A: . Act to autuorize His Majesty to permit the Importa-t\n oiXrnal Stores from any Pi ice in Ships belong.ng to hVu. Dt Amity With His Majesty, and navigated in any M-mcr wh tcw»\ A id.

A. 11 Act to enable the Louis Commi(Tumors of His M: t-j..!v\ Tre.: <'my to iilue Exchequer Dili?, on the Credit of I-ei, Aids ( r Supplies as have been or frail be granted by Lb fur the St*: vice ol (treat linhan, lor the Year Oi.c thousand u.Jit liuiidrtd and seven. 1S2

27- An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloath-<g cf tlu* in Great Britain for the Year One thou-

O.d c; lit hundred and few n.*Ibid.

3: Ar. .: ct to amend several Laws of E eife in Great Britain rih.ting to the Duties on Sait, Sopc, Paper, Coffee, Cocoa >*. S*irit«, and Glass, and for rclloiing Seizures in Cert.i i Ca As Hid.

; I Aa A a to revive and continue, until the Twenty-fifth Dry (t March Otic thousand eight hundred and eight, arid amc..d i*. much of an Act, made in the Thu*y ninth and la>; i Years of II is piefent Majesty, as giants certain Aiivwuace.'lu Adjutants and Serjeant Majors oi the Militia

& GEO. TIL Self. 2.

m

o{'England, disembedied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament. i<s8

32. An Act for making Allowances in certain-Cafcs to Sub -altem Officers of the Militia in Great Biiiain, while difi. embodied. Ibid.

33. An Act to continue until the FirR Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, an Act of the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for appointing Com-

imfiioners to enquire into the Public Expenditure, and the

Conduct of the Public Business in the military Departments therein mentioned. 1S9

3-f. An Act to make the fort of Amsterdam, in the Ifiaud of Curaçao, a free Port. Ibid.

33. An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and for extending the Times limited for those Purposes respectively, until the Twenty-fifth Day. of I\Ia. ch One thousand eight hundred and eight, and to permit such. Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the fame on or before the First Day ot Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and eight. Ibid.

j6. An Act to enable the Trustees of the British Mvftum to exchange, fell, or dispose of such Parts of the Collections, and under such Restrictions as are therein Specified. Hid.

37. An Act to revive and continue, until the Twenty-fifth.Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, an Act of the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for altering and amending Several Laws relating to the Duties of Excil'c upon Malt. Ibid.

38. An Act for permitting, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament^ the Importation of certain enumerated Articles into the Lritish Co'onies on the Continent of North America, from the United States of America, and the Exportation of other enumerated Articles from the same Culouies, to the said Stales. 190

39. An Act for moreeffbftually charging Publick Accountants

with Interest. upon Balances; and for other Purposes relating to the passing of Publick Accounts. Ibid.

40. An Act to niter the Practice of Courts of Equity, in Suits

in which Members or Parliament are Defendants. U)2t

41. An Act to enable the East India Company to raise Money upon Bond inffcad of incivaling their Capital Stock. Ibid.

42. An Act to continue until the Fu ll Day of June One thousand eight hundred and ten, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and amend an Act of the Forty-Second War of His present Majesty, for more effectual Ariminiitraiion of the Office of a Justice of the Peace in Inch Paris of the Counties of Mid. irjex and Jinny as he in and near the Metropolis; and for the more effectual Prevention of 1*\ Ionics. J93

43. An Act to revive and continue, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, an Act of the Forty-sixth Y'car of His present Majesty, for suspending Proceeding; in Aciiona and other Proceedings relating to the Woollen Mauufuftiur*.

Ild.

44. An Act for transferring to His Majesty, certain Foffcfilms

and Rights vested in the Sierra Ecu tie Company, aid for fin.1 toning the Duration of the said Company» and for pro-wnting any dcahng or tratH- king in the buying or selling of Slaves within the Colony of Sierra I , e; : e. It id.

45. An Act to enable I is Majesty to grunt to Iler Mafflty the Guecn a capital Messuage, called Frn--n re, and divers Land., and Hereditaments m llic Pantiles oi AYw VJir.ar r

7 and

viii .The TITLES of the STATUTES,

and Old Windsor, in the County of Berks, and a Piece of Land in Wyrothsbury, in the County of Bucks, for a Term of Ninety-nine Years, if Her Majesty and the Princesses, Her Five younger Daughters, or any of them, shall so long live, for and in lieu of Her Majesty's present Terms and Interest therein; and also to make Exchanges. 194

4«. An Act to repeal certain Provisions of an Act, passed in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for inquiring into the State of Windsor Forefi, in the County of Berks, and for ascertaini ng the Boundaries of the said Forest, and of the Lands of the Crown within the same; and to amend the said Act. 195

47. An Act to grant certain Duties on Callicoes, Muffins,

Cotton, Yarn, and Cotton Twist, of the Manufacture of Great Britain or Ireland respectively, on their Importation into either Country from the other, according to the Regulations contained in the Acts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland. Ibid.

48. An Act to continue until the Twenty-ninth Day of Sep-

tember One thousand eight hundred and eight, several Aftt for the better Collection and Security of the Revenues of Cu(lcm8 and Excise in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein. 197

49. An Act for allowing a Drawback on certain Linens exported from Great Britain to the West Indies. Ibid.

50. An Act to amend an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for erecting andestablishingPublicInfirmaries or Hospitalsin Ireland. Ibid.

51. An Act to revive and continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, an Act -of the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fii'heries. 19

52. An Act to repeal so much of an Act of the la ft Session of

Parliament, as relates to the Payment of Duty on Coffee and Cocoa Nuts when exported from the Warehouse in which the same shall hare been secured 199

53. An Act to enable His Majesty's Postmaster Gene al to

open and return Letters directed to Hamburgh or other Places Abroad, and which have been or shall have been returned or not sent. Ibid.

54. An Act to prevent improper Persons from having Arms

in Ireland. 201

Jv An Act for allowing a certain Proportion of the Militia in Ireland, voluntarily to enlist into His Majesty's Regular Forces. 203

56. An Act for increasing the Militia of Ireland, under certain

Linrrtations and Restrictions. 204

57. An Act for allowing a certain Proportion of the Militia in Great Britain voluntarily to enlist into His Majesty's Regular Forces. 207

58. An Act for encouraging the Exportation of Salt from

Ireland. 208

59. An Act to amend an Act of the Forty-sixth Year of His Majesty, for the better Regulation of the Office of Receiver General of the Poll Office in England. Ibid.

60. An Act to give further Time for purchasing the Legal

Quays and Warehouses, in the Port of London. 209

351. An Act to repeal certain Duties on Foreign Goods, Wares, and Merchandize exported from Great Britain to Ireland. Ibid.

Gt. An Act to suspend, until the First Day of May One thousand cighthundred and eight, the Payment of ail Drawbacks

on Spirits made or distilled in Great Britain or Ireland, and exported from either Country to the other respectively. 209

63. An Act for repealing the Duties and Drawback payable

on Silks, and for granting other Duties and another Drawback in lieu thereof. Ibid.

64. An Act to allow the Bounty now payable on British Cal-

licoes and Cottons exported to Gibraltar to be paid on the fame Articles when exported to Malta. 21 o

63. An Act to exempt Sales of West India Produce, by the West India Dock Company, for Payment of Duties and Charges, from the A uftion Duty. Ibid.

66. An Act to make more effectual Provision for the Prevention of Smuggling. 2t 1

67. An Act to permit, until the End of the next Session of

Parliament, the Importation of Swdish Herrings into Great Britain. 220

68. An Act for the better Government of the Settlements of Fort Saint George and Bombay; for the Regulation of Publick Banks; and for amending so much of an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the Periods at which the Civil Servants of the East India Company may be employed in their Service Abroad. 231

69. An Act for discharging from the Claims of the Crown

certain Real and Personai Estates belonging to General De Lancey, late Barrack Mailer General, and vested in Trustees for Sale. 223

70. An Act for maintaining and preferring a Military Canal

and Road, made from thornelijf in the County of Kent, to Cliff End in the County of Svjfex, and for regulating the taking of Rates and Tolls thereon. Ibid.

71. An Act for the speedily completing the Militia of Great Britain, and increasing the fame, under certain Limitations and Restrictions. 225

72. An Act for raising the Sum of Five hundred thousand

Pounds byTreasury Bills for the Service of I, eland for the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven. 235

73. An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Four

millions five hundred thousand Pounds, f .r the Service of Great Britain. Ibid.

74. An Act for more effectually securing the Payment of the

Debts of Traders. Ibid.

75. An Act for suspending the Operation of an Act of the Thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for the further Support and Maintenance ot Curates within the Church of England, and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned, so far as relates to the Avoidance of Benefices by the Incumbents thereof having accepted augmented Curacies. 236

76. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of

Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven, and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. 237

77. An Act for confirming Articles of Agreement for an Exchange of Lands between His Majesty and David Jelb Esquire, in the Parish of Eg ham in the County of hurrey.

241

78. An Act for vesting the capital MefTimge, with the Ap-

purtenances, fituaie in William Street, in the City of Dublin, now or lately inhabited by the Right Honourable Lord Pozvcrfcourt, in His Majesty. His Heirs and Successors, and for applying the t urchaie Money iu Manner therein mentioned. Hid.

LOCAL

{Local&Persona!, ) 47° GEO. III. Self. 2

IX

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED,

OR PRINTED COPIES WHEREOF ARE DECLARED TO BE EVIDENCE.

i. AN Act for the more speedy and easy Recovery of Small

Debt* in the Borough and Parish of Boston, and the Hundred of Skirkbeck and Kir Ion (except the Parishes of Gojlirton and Surjlcct) in the County of Lincoln. 242

ii. An Act for conitruding a Pier and Harbour at or near the Town Of Folkestone, in the County of Kent. Ibid.

iii. An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act, of the

Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty, for amending Two Acts, of the Twenty-eighth- and Thirty-eighth Years of His present Majesty, for enlarging and improving the Harbour of Leith, for making certain new Streets and Roads, and widening others adjacent to and connected with the said Harbour. Ibid.

ir. An Act for erecting a County Hall, and other Offices, for the County of Perth. Ibid.

t. An Act to enable the London Dock Company to purchase certain Water Works in the Parishes of Stratford, Westham, Bcw, Bromley, Mile End, and Stepney, and other Parishes adjacent; and to amend the several Acts for making Wet Docks and other Works for the Accommodation of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London.

243

ri. An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, for taking down and rebuilding the Gaol of the Castle of Ckejier, the Prothonotary's Office, the Exchequer Record Rooms, and other Offices and Buildings adjoining or near to the said Gaol. /bid.

vii. An Act for the more cafy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parishes of Saint John the Baptist, Saint Peter the /Ipofle, and Birchinglon> and the Fill of Wood, in the Ife of 'lhanet, and County of Kent. Ibid.

fik An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets and Lanes in the Parish and Borough of New Windsor, in the County of Berks, and for preventing Nuisances therein. Ibid.

ix. An Act for amending several Acts, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation, to the City of Oxford. Ibid.

1. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to join the LichfieldHurn-pike Road, in the Parish of Shenstone, in the County of Stafford, and for making a Branch of Road to communicate therewith. Ibid.

xi. An Act for repairing and maintaining certain Roads in the County of Dumbarton, and building Bridges thereon. 244

xii. An Act for the more effectually repairing certain Roads in

the Counties oP Salop, Denbigh, and Merioneth. Ibid.

xiii. An Act for making and maintaining Roads from Percy's

Crop to Miljleld Bum, and from IVouler to Bowfdon Burn, in the County of Northumberland. Ibid.

Xiv. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Beverley to Kxby Bridge, in the County of York. Ibid.

xt. An Act for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from Brampton to Longl^wn, in the County of Cumberland, 47 Geo. III.

and for erecting a Bridge over the River Line upon the said Road. 244

xvi. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and

enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from Flookerjbrook Bridge to the South End of Wilderfpool Cause-1way, and from the Town of Frodsham to hjhton I.anc End, in the County of Chester, so far as respects the Chester District of the said Roads, and for extending the fame from the present Termination thereof at Floohrjirooh Bridge aforesaid, to the North End of Cow Lane Bridge, in the City of Chester, and for making a new Road from inch proposed Extension of the said Road to the North End of Queen Street, in the fame City. Ibid.

xvii. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from Flookerjbrook Bridgejm the Township of Newton near Chester, to the South End of IVilderfpool Cat/feway, and from Frodsham to djhton Lane End, in the County of Chester, so far

as relates to the Frodsham District of the fame Road. Ibid.

xviii. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and

enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing tile Roads from Kipping s Cross, in the Parish of Brenchley, in the County of Kent, to JVilJhy Green, in the Parish of Cranbrooke, and from a Place near Gcudhurst Gore to Stile-bridge, and from Underden Green to WanJhalt's Green, in the County of Kent. Ibid.

xix. An Act for reviving, continuing, and enlarging the Pow-

ers of an Act, of the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from the South-eall End of Loughborough, in the County of Leicester, to Derby Bridge, near the Rushes, and from thence to the South End of Cavendish Bridge, in the same County. Ibid.

xx. An Act for repairing, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in the County of Perth. Ibid.

xxi. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts, passed in the Fifth, Sixth, and Twenty-sixth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Tcnb; idge to Mead-

jltne, and from Watt's CroJ's to Cowden, in the County of Kent, so far as they relate to the Road from Tonbridge to Maidstone. Ibid.

xxii. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and

enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, of the Fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Wadhurst, in the County of Sufi.x, to the Turnpike Road at I amber hurst Pound and Putins hill, in the County of Kent, and from thence to West Farley Street, in the County of Kent. Ibid.

xxiii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Stibbington-

cum-Wandesford, otherwise Wandsford, and the Hamlet of Si fat, within the said Parish, in the Counties of Huntingdon and Northampton. 245

xxiv. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Long-

houghton, in the County of Northumberland. Ibid.

xxv. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manors and Township of 11 an ton, in the North Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

b xxvi. A a

The TITLES, of the STATUTES,

xxvi. An Act for inclosing Chew Moor, in the Township of

J.oflcck, in the Parish of Bolton in the Moors, in the County Palatine of Lancaster % '245

xxvii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Wa le

5worth and Lcjbiry, in the County of No thumb?' land. Ibid.

xxviii. An KB for inclosing Lands in the Pari foes of G cat Slaughton and G ajfham, in the County of IIuniingd n. Ibid.

xxix. An Act for amending, rendering more effectual, and continuing Parts of an KB, of the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, for extending the Koval y of the City of Glafguav over certain adjacent Lands, for paving, lighting, and cleansing the Streets, and ether Purposes in the said Act mentioned. Ibid.

xxx. An Act for the better Relief of the Poor of the Pari Hi

of Christchurch, in the County of Mi id/efex. Ibid.

xxxi. An Act to authorize the Advancement of further Sums

of Money out of the Consolidated Fund to be applied in completing the Canal across the Isle of Dogs, and erecting other Works there, and for effecting other Improvements «the Port of London, in Execution of certain Acts already passed for those Purposes. Ibid.

xxxii. An Act to enable Lis Majesty to grant the Citadel

and Walls of the City of Carlisle, and certain Grounds adjoining thereto, to the Justices of the Peace for the County of Curnberland, for building Courts of Justice for the said County, ay.d for other Purposes relating thereto. Ibid.

xxxiii. An Act for ascertaining and establishing the Rates of

Wharfage, Cannage, Plankage, Anchorage, and Moorage, to be received at the lawful Qua vs in the Port of Bris.ol; for the Regulation of the Cranekeepers in the said Port; and for the better Regulation of Pilots and Pilotage of Veil'd s navigating the Brifld Channel. Ibid.

xxxiv. An Act for empowering the Lattices of the Peace for the County of Kent, to make a fair and equal County Rate for the said County, and provide convenient Court Houses for holding the Attizes and General Quarter Sessions of

- the Peace, and other Publick Meetings, within the said County. ?4 6

xxxv. An KB to enable the Reverend Alban Thomas Jones

GWynne, his Heirs and Assigns, to repair and enlarge, or rebuild the Quay or Pier within the Harbour or Port of Bitrayron, in the County of Cardignt and to improve the said Harbour, and to regulate the Moorings of Ships and Vessels therein. 249

xxx\i. An Act to enable His Majesty to veil the Sands of j r.ielh IrH.rvr, dividing the Counties o^ Carnarvon and Merioneth, in William Alexander Madocks Esquire. Ibid.

x?xv.i. An KB to explain, amend, and render more ettedlual, several Acts, for improving the Navigation of the River Loyne, otherwise Lune and for building a Quay or Wharf»ear Lc.n: a{lcr, in the County Palatine of Lancaster 250

xxxviii. An Act for more effectually paving the Streets, and

other Places, within that Part of the Parish of Saint Boloph Aid gate, which lies in the County of Midd'tsex, and Part of a Street called L ajl Smith/: eld, \\\ the Precinct of >aintCatherine, and for cleaning, lighting, and watching the fame, and for preventing Annoyances therein. Ibid.

xxxix. An Act to amend an of the Third Year of His present Majesty, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, in the Hundreds of Bradford, Mtllsham, ' and WLor if down. in the County of Hills, and for extending the Powers of the said Act to other Places in the said County. Hid.

xl. An Act for the more cafv and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Town of Grave fend, and the Hundreds of Tohi-g {rough, Darford> Wilmington, and Axtant, in the County of Kent. . Ibid.

7

xli. An Act for continuing Three Acts, of the Sixth Year of King George the First, in the Twentieth Yeai <»f King George the Second, and in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Beer or Ale vended or sold within the Town of Burnt-island, and Liberties thereof, in the County of Fife, and for increasing the Publick Revenue of the said Town.

250

xlii An Act to revive and continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, of the Twenty-second Year of His lute Majesty, and the Fourteenth Year of His present1 Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale or Beer brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or sold in the Burgh of Kinghorn, in the County of Fife. Ibid.

xliii. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Thames, from the Parish of Sutton Courtney, in the County of Berks, to the Parish of Culham, in the County of Oxford. 25 I

xliv. An Act to enable His Majesty, His Heirs and Sue* cessors, to grant Letters Patent for establishing a Theatre or Play-house, under certain Rettridlions, in the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick. Ibid.

xlv. An Act for amending an KB of the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads through the County o\ Lanark, and for building a Bridge over the River Clyde, at or near a Phce called The IJoavford, in the said County; and for making more effectual, and converting, the Statute Labour within the said' County; and for repairing and regulating the Roads within the same. I hid.

xlvi. An Act to continue the Term, and .alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act of the Twenty-sixth Year of His pie-lent Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Hedge, in the County of Derby, through A fret on to Tibfvelf, and a Branch from the same Road, at or near 6hirLind Lodge, to IHgham, in the same County. Ibid.

xlvii. An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of the Tenth and Tnn-ty-iiril Year! of Hie piefent Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Brighlhelmston to Lovell Heaih, in the County of Sussex, and for amending a certain Piece of Road to communicate therewith. Ibid.

xlviii. An Act for continuing and amending Two Acts of the Fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Great Grimsby Haven, at or near Upper Sand End, to Wold Newton Church, and from Nuns Farm to the Mill Field, in the Parish of Irby, in the County of Lincoln. Hid.

xlix. An Act to revive and continue the Term and Powers of an Act of the Twenty- fifth Year of LI is present Majesty, for amending the Road from Ip -zvich to houih Town, and from the said Road at Beech I .nr. in the Parish of Da fleam, to Bungay, in the County of Suffolk. Ibid.

1. An Act to amend, and render more eflVdlual, so much of an Act, of the Thirty-third Year of His late Majesty, for draining certain Fen Lands in the Itteot Ely, and Counties of Suffolk and Norfolk, near Hiddenhalf River, and empowering the Coniervalors of Bedford Level to fell certain Fen Lands, as relates to the Lands in the Second District described in the said Act. Hid.

li. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act of the Thirty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from Rochdale through Hanford and Birtlc to Bury, and for making Three Branches of Road therefrom, in the County of Lancaster. I Ltd.

lii. An

XI

[Local & Per final, ) 47 GEO. III. Sett*. 2.

lii. An Act to continue and amend Three Acts, passed in the Fifth, Seventh, and Twenty-futh Years of His present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads therein mentioned, leading from Chatteris Ferry to the Town of Wisbech Saint Peter s, in the Iilc of Ely, awd other Places in the said Acts rc.cu1101; r<L 25 I

i; i. An Act to revive and continue the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Third and Twenty-fifth Years of His jut lent Majesty, fer amending the Ronds from Penryn, in tLe Coiu.ty ot Co nzuallj to Redruth, in the same County.

252

liv. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and en-larking the Powers of an Act of the Thirty-third Year of Kis present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Cambridge to a Place called Lotig Leys, and from Cambridge to Royflon, in the Counties of Cambridge and P./fx. Ibid.

lv. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acb, of the Sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and amending the Road from the present Turnpike Road, in the Panlh of ILjIcy, in the County of Southampton, through the Borough <: f mover to the Town of Newbury in the County of perij, and from Newbury to Chilton Pond and Newtown River. Ibid.

Id. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and en-Erfing the Powers of Two Acts, of the Fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of PI is present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from the River at Swathing, through Pithy, to the Turnpike Road at Sherril Heath, in the County of Southampton. Ibid.

Ivii. An Act for vesting several Manors and Hereditaments in the Counties of Lincoln, Suffolk, and FJjlx, Paris of the Settled EiUtes of the Right Honourable Frederick William Kail cf Bri/Ll in Trustees, upon Trust to fell, and h r laying out the Monies aritting from such Sales in the Pur-cliafw of more convenient Eliatcs, and for other Purnofcs therein mentioned. Ibid.

Kid. An Act for vesting Part of the Settled Estates of the Right Honourable Philip Earl of Chcfinfield in Trustees, in Trail to be sold, and fur laying out the Monies arising from Rich Sales in the Purchase ol o her Estates, to be settled to the same Uses. IVul.

H. An Act to enable Henrietta West Spinftor, and James ll'ji Esquire, and their Lessee for the Time being, to grant L'jihh.rg LetUcs J certain Hands deviled by the Will of Sarah IV: /} deceased) in the Parish of Saint Mary ft. agdahn Bermcndjcy, in the County of Surrey. Ibid.

b. An Act for vesting certain Estates of Mary Fofler and Serge bid ward Graham Efijuire, and Mary his Wire, in hnfir Lynn and South Lynn, in the County of A or folk, in Trudecs, upon 'Trull to iell the lame, and to Hand poftcllVd el the Monies anting from the Sale thereof, upon the Trulls therein mentioned. Hid.

bi. An Act for ffttling the Right of Patronage or Prefen-tatton of or to a Chapel, to be called Shtreocks Chad!, in the*crish u.* IPorlfcp, in the County of Nottingham. If.id.

bii. An Act ftnr a closing Lands in the Parishes of Rhkddfan, Sii.-it /fgh, Difirth, and Cwm in the County of Fdnt. Ibid.

hi'i An Act for inclosing the Lauds of Thorpe, in the County

ft Surra . Ibid.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of IVhston"J* V tr'weii, and in the Manor of Tidejkvsll, in the County of Hedy. II, J

1*7» An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Tawnllnp

of Bran ham, in the West Riding of the County of 7krZ\

h'i. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Panlh of Shtpdham,

the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

lxvii. An Act to amend Three Acts, of the Eighteenth, Thirty-ninth, and Forty-fourth Years of His present Majesty for erecting a Court House, for the holding of Scttions of the Peace in the City of Wflminster. 253

lxviii. An Act for repealing the several Acts for regulating the Vend and Delivery of Coals within the Cities of London and Westminster and Liberties thereof, and in certain Parts of the Counties of Middlesex, Surry, Kent, and Fdjix; and for making better Provision for the fame. Ibid.

L\ix. An Act for enlarging the Term, and altering the Powers* of several Acts for the Maintenance and Repair of the Harbour of Dover, in the County of Kent. 2S7

lxx. An Act to revive and continue for Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, so much ui several Acts passed as relate to the better regulating of Pilots for conducting Ships and Vessels from Do cr, Deaf and the Isle of Than J, up the Rivers of 1 Lames and Medway.

2'd

lx>.i An Act for the Improvement of the El arbour of Tries Co rigor, tttuated on the Coast of Ff.onedd, in the County of Carnarvon. 2S9

lxxii. An Act for belter supplying with Water the Inhabitants of the Parittics of Strafford Row, otherwise Stratford !c IT w. Saint Joan Hackney, Saint Mary ijhnglja, Saint Matthew Bethnal Green, and several other Parishes, Hamlets, Town-fliijis, and Places adjacent or near thereunto, in the Cou».t?es ol AH J die fix anti Essex. ?(jO

lxxiii. An/\cc to alter, amend, and render more eficftnal, an Act, passed in the Nineteenth Year of His present Muj/tty, for the better Relit f and Employment of the Poor of the several Parishes with n the ElundreJ of Coxferd, except the Parish of Hadleigh, and also the Parifu Poijhad, wit*; ir» the Hundred of ITikergh, in the County of Suffolk. Ibid.

lxxiv. An Act for improving, and rendering more commodious, such Part of the County anti County of the City of Dublin., as is situate on the South Side of the River Ana / fifty, and West of His Majesty's Castle of Dublin, and for the Appointment of an Inspector of the Preferments and other Account", of the County of the City aforesaid. Ibid.

lxxv. An Act for paving, clcaali.'.g, lighting, and watching the Parish of Sain! Michael, in the Liberties of the City of Limerick, and a 'j dning the said City, and for preventing and removing the iNctfi : e.s therein. 293

lxwi. An Act for : a>i: ig down the present Church, and providing a new Church and Church-yard, in the Parish of Weddjend, in the County of No ihnmberland, and for rendering valid certain Marriages solemnized in the said Parish while the present Church has been in a State of Decay. Ibid.

lxxvii. An Act for erecting a Chapel on certain extra parochial Land ended Standard Hi!, near the Town of Nottingham.

294

lxxv'ii. An Act for the more specdv and easy Recovery ot Snail Debts in the Soakes ot Bolingbrook: and Home'file, and other Places, in the County of Lincoln. Ibid.

lx\ix. An Act for the more caty and speedy Recovery of Small chui.i the Town and Borough of Ipfzuich, in the County of Si. fdk. I id.

lxxx, An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Sarr.y Cmr.l to complete the same. Ibid.

lxxxi. An Act to alter, amend, explain, and enlarge the Powers of the feverll Acts passed for making and maintaining the Pod: dale Canal Navigation. Rid.

Lxxii. An Act to authorize the Trustees of the River Wearer Navij?a; om to open a more convenient Communication between the said River near I ro jkem Bridge and the River Mersey, near We/hn Point, In the Township of Westyn, in the County of Chyler, and to amend Two Acts relative to the said River. Ibid.

b t lxjcun.

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

ixxxiii. An Act for repealing several Acts, of the Thirty-third Year of King George the Second, and the Thirteenth and Yhiiiy-seventh Years of His present Majesty, for draining certain Fen Lands in the Isle of Fly, and Counties of Suffolk and Not folk', near Mildenhall River, so far as relates to the several Lands in the Firil Didridt therein described, and for snaking better Provision for draining and preferring the said t.ands.

lxxxiv. An Act to regulate and improve the Cattle Market, to provide a Market House, and cdahlish a Market for the Sale of Butcher's Meat and other Articles, and to make other Improvements, within the City of Chichester, in the County of Sissex. Ibid.

lx: xv. An Act for raising and securing a Fund for the Relief of Widows and Children of Burgh and Paiochial School-masters ii; Srctland. 295

lxxxvi. An Act to explain an Act, of the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, for enabling the' Albion F; re and Life insurance Company to sue in the Name ox their Secretary, and to inrol Annuities. 298

lxxxvii. An Act to explain an Act, of the Forty-seventh \ ear of His present Majesty, for enabling the Globe Insurance Company to sue in the Name of their Treasurer, and to inrol Annuities. v. Ibid.

lxxxviii. An Act to explain an Act, of the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, for enabling the Pelican Life Insurance Company to sue in the Name of their Secretary, and to inrol Annuities. Ibid.

lxxxix. An Act to continue and amend Two Acts, of the Fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from Llandilo to Lampeter and other Places in the County of Carmarthen. Ibid.

xc. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, of the Fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Whitby to Middleton, in the County of Tot k. Ibid.

xci. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Fifth and Twenty-fifth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Banbury, in the County of Oxford, through Dnventry and Coltjbach, toLutlerworth, in the County of Leicester., 299

xcii. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, of the Sixth and Twenty-seventh Years ot His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from High Balien, in Wednesbury, to the further End of Darlaston Lane, and other Places therein named, in the County of Stafford. Iltd.

xciii. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, of the Fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Birjlall to hunbreok, and from Bradley Lane to IIudderffuId, in the County of York. Hid.

xciv. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts for repairing the Roads from the Parish of Crcr.brcoke to Bppledore Heath, and other Roads in the County of Kent. m. Ibid.

xcv. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of so much of Three Acts, of the Fifth, Ninth, and Twenty-sixth Years of His present Majesty, as relate to the Repair of the Road from Wat's Cross to Cow den, and the Roads from Sevenoaks Common to Crockhurst Hatch Corner, and PcnJijurJl Town to Southborough, in the County of Kent. Ibid.

xcvi. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, of the Twenty-sixth Year of Iris present Majesty, for repairing so much of the Road from the Town of Ne'ivcajllc-upon-Tyn to the City of Carlyle, as lies within the County of Northumberland. 299

xcvii. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, of the Fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads in and near Great Torrington, in the County of Devon. Ibid.

xcviii. An Act for vesting in new Trustees the Estates late of the Right Honourable JFilluughly of Abingdon ydeceakd,

in the Counties of Wills and borne Jet, which have not been sold by virtue of certain Indentures of Lease and Relcafe, dated respectively the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Days of July One thousand fi veil hundred and seventy-five. Hid. xcix. An Act for enabling Rear Admiral Bentinck, Tenant fer Life under the Will of his late Father John Blind Betitin k Esquire, deceased, to charge his Estates in the County of Norfolk with the Sums therein mentioned, for the embanking, improving, and incieaiing theiame Ellntcsby the Means therein mentioned. It id.

c. An Act for effecting the Sale of certain Real Estates, late of Henry Chatnp/nys Inquire, dccealed, devised by his Will, or purchased in pursuan e thereof, ai d lor laying out the Money arising from the Sale thereof, under the Piredlions of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses as the Dilates so fold. Ibid.

ci. An Act for vesting certain Estates, devised by the Will of James Harr fort Ei quire, deceased, situate in the Counties of Lancaster and Chester, in Trudecs, in Trull to be sold for the Payment of Debts and Legacies affecting the fame; and after Payment thereof, for the Invert ment of the Residue of the Monies to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of other Edater, to be settled to the same Uses as the Estates so fold. Hid. cii. An Act for enabling Fran ei: Biers Esquire to grant Building and Repairing Leases of certain Lands in the Pari Hi of Stebunhecth, otherwise Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, deviled by the Will of Francis Pede Esquire. Ibid.

ciii. An Act for vesting certain Estates, in the Parishes of Dry fool and Sutton, in Holderness, in the County of Tot h, ( Partol the Estates devised-by the Will of Ann Hall deceased), in Trill-tees in Trull to sell the same, and for laying out the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses as the Estates so fold. 300 civ. An Act for ffeciing an Exchange between the Trudecs and Visitors of MorJctt College, in the Parish of Charlton, in the County of Kent, and Thompson Boner Esquire, oi certain Lands and Hereditaments in the same County. Ibid.

cv. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township ol Offct, in the Parish of Dcvsbury, in the Wed Riding of the County of York. . Ibid.

cvi. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of llurjl, in the Counties of Berks and Wilts. Ibid.

cvii. An Act for inclosing Lands in IJar.elley, in the County of Carmarthen, and for leafing Part of the said Lauds, and applying the Rents thereof in improving the Town and Poit of Llanlley, in the said County. Ilid.

cviii. An Act to enable His Majesty to release to the Deviices in Fee, in Trud of the Estates of Sir Charles Da ers Baronet, deceased, an Annuity or Yearly Sum of Eighthundred Pounds, given by the Will of Mary Davers Spin iter, to Francis Alexander Frederick de la Rochefaucauld de Liancourt, an Alien, and the Arrears thereof. Ibid.

cix. An Act for the more effectual Improvement of the City of Dublin, and the Environs thereof. Ibid.

cx. An Act for deepening, enlarging, maintaining, and improving the Harbour of Peterhead, in the County of Aberdeen. % 305

cxi. An

c.

[Local & Personal, ) 470 GEO. III. Self. 2. xih

cki. An Act for paving, cleaning, lighting, and watching the Town and Parish 01 IVodwich, in the County of Kent, and removing and preventing NuTancea therein, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, for providing an additional burial Ground, and for regulating the Market of the fed Town and Parish. 30$

cx i. An Act to amend an Act, of the Forty-second Year of His present Majesty, for building a new Gaol for the County of (1.1/Wf, and other Purposes relating thereto; and for providing a new Sessions House for the said County. Ilid. cxiii An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the

I.ampler Canal Navigation, to vary the Coui le of the said' Canal, and to make Railways or Roads, and to amend and render more efbftual Two Acts relating to the said Navigation. Ibid.

cxiv. An Act for separating the Chapelries and Chapels of SrwccJHe-ttnder-Lyme, Burflcm, Whitmore, Buc!: nail and jjtgn; /. and Norton in-ihe-Moors, from the Rectory a..d Panih Church of Stcck-vf>oti-Trtrni, \w tin* County of Si afford, and for making them Five ditlinft Redories and P.irish Churches, and for enabling the Rector of the said Parish Church of Stdc-upon-Trent for the Time being to grant Building Leases of certain Glebe Lands belonging to the said Rectory. Ibid.

cxr. An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act, of the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for making and keeping in Repair certain Roads in the Pari (lies of Lambeth, Newington, Saint George Southwark, Bemzondjey, and Ghrijl Church, in the County of Surrey, and for watching and lighting the said Roads. Ibid.

Clin. An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of an Act for repairing the Roads from Horsham to the Top of Seeding Hid, and from Sicyning to the Top of Stcyning Jlii!, in the County of Si fix j and for making a Road from the said Roads in the Parish of Heeding, by Beetling Chalk Pit, to the North Fail Corner of the Sheep Field, in the Paulhof Kingstone by Sen in the said County. Ibid.

cxvii. An Act for improving the Navigation of a certain Part of the River Adur; and for the better draining the Low Land* Iving in the Levels above bceding Bridge, and bel w Block Bridge, and Bines Bridge, all in the County of Sussex. Ibid.

cr.MiL An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Tl.iitv-eighth Year of the Reign of Hu> present MajUly, intituled, An Act for v?fling certain Freehold and Copyhold Estates dr-rifed by the Will of the late Arthur Jones Esquire, dece jed, in the Counties of Kent, Nottingham, Carmarthen, Cardigan, aid Mi Idirfex, and in the Cities and Li her tie: rf London end Wdltniniler, in iruflees, to he Jolt, and fir hying cut the Monies tc arise by fuel) Sale, together wit!) the Sum of Fifty-dree thousand three hundred ant thirty-th ee Pounds Three C.: i it; 2 s and Four-pence, it.rce Brunts per Centum Conjoli-dairi Bank Annuities, fan ing in the A me of the Accosuptant G; tier al of the High Court j Chancery, in Frujl in a certain C.vfc in the said Court, Macnamr.; w re Jus Jones, being the clear Rjidue of the Personal F.Jlaie of the Jai I 'Ft fit or Arthur La o*, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments to be faded to the same Uses, and for enabling the said TrufUes to grunt Leases of the Estates Jo to be purchased, and also to cut I mler growing thereupon, subjctl to ReJlriclions, iu tar as the Trulls thereof have not been performed and carried into Execution. 306

nix. An Act for vesting in the Right Honourable Robert Sj'nicer, commonly called Lord Robert Spencer, in Fee Simple, F<; rt of his Settled Estates in the County of SvfUx, in Exchange for another Estate of the said Lord kdert Spenser, in the same County, and for settling fudi

last-mentioned Estate to the like Uses as the said Part' of his Settled Estates Rood settled. 306

cxx. An Act to enable the surviving Trustee named in the last Will and Teilament of the late Right Honourable Henry Earl of Ely, deceased, to fell the Mansion House of the said late Earl, in Ely Place, in the City of Dublin, with the Appurtenances and the Furniture to the said House belonging, and the Glades and Pictures therein; and to lay out the Monic< to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments in Ireland, and to iettle such Lands to to be purchased to the same Uses and subject to the lame Limitations, as are in the said Will declared and expressed with respect to the said Mansion House, with the Appurtenances. Ibid.

cxxi. An Act for the Partition of divers Lands in the Counties of Monaghan, Fermanagh, Louth, and Armagh, late the Property of Sir James Hamilton Knight, deceased, and in which Catherine Hamilton, Dorothea Hawkjhmu otherwise Hamilton, MariaH'illianfon otherwise Hamilton, Deere Hamilton, Olivia Lucas otherwise Hamilton, Elizabeth Hamilton, the Reverend James Hamilton, Skejfuigtori Hamilton, Elinor Ha-milton, Frances Lee otherwise Hamilton, and the Represent-tives of Jane Hamilton, deceased, have undivided Shares, and for the Sale of the Lands therein mentioned. Ibid.

cxxii. An Act for confirming the Sales, made under the Di-reftior.s of the Court of Chancery, of several Estates in the Counties of Surrey, Sussex, and Kent, devised by the AVill of 'Thomas Cooper, deceaicd. Ibid.

cxxiii. An Act for the Sale of Part of the Estate of John Joseph Henry Esquire, for the Intents and Purposes therein mentioned, and for settling other Estates in lieu thereof to the same Uses, and to extend the leafing Powers of the said John Joseph Henry in respect to Pait of His Estates therein mentioned. Ibid.

cxxiv. An Act for vesting the Entirety of certain Settled Estates of Sir Hugh Itiglts Baronet, John Watkins Parker Esquire, and T/rmas Lloyd Esquire, and Eliza Bella his Wite, situate in the City of London and County of Middle-fx, in Truilecs, in Trull to carry into Execution a Contract already entered into for Sale of Part of the fame Estates, and to fell the other Part thereof under the Directions of the Court of Chancery, and to apply the Money arising from the said Sales in the Manner therein mentioned. Ibid.

cxxv: An Act for vesting Part of the Estates, in the County of Berks, devised by the Will of Bartholomew Upping Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, in Trull to sell the same, and for laying out the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses as the Estate io fold. Ibid.

cxxvi. An Act for enabling Tin decs to fell, the Settled F.fLues of John Bra. flaw Fletcher Eiquiiv, (calling hirr.seif Join Brafhaw), situate in the County of Essex, and for hying out the Monies to ariie from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of Eli. tes to be situate in or near the County of Lun casler, to be let tied to the same Uses. Ibid.

cx.wii. An Act for vesting several Fee Farm Rents and annual Sums settled by Edward Col/Ion, deceased, on the Mailer, Wardens, and Commonalty of Merchant Venturers of the City of Brijhl, for the Maintenance of an Hospital and Alms-liouie in the said City, in Trustees to be sold, and for applying the Money to ariie by such Sale in the Purchase of Lundsaud Hereditaments to be settled upon the Trulls on which inch Fee Farm Rents and annual Slims are respectively held.

o°7

cxxviii. An Act for vesting certain Estates belonging to the See of Canterbury in Trustees for Sab, and for applying the I 3 PurthaF*

XIV

The TITLES of

PurchaseMonies, together with other Monies, in the Manner therein mentioned, and for enabling the Archbishop of Canterbury to grant Building and Repairing Leases, and for; other Purposes. 307

Cxxix. An Act for enabling the Proprietors of the Navigation of the River Avon, in the Counties of Somerset and Gloucester, from the City of Bath to or near Hanhams Mills to make and maintain au Horse Towing-path, for the Purpose of.towing and haling with Horses or otherwise, Boats, .Lighters, and other Vessels, up and down the said River. Ibid.

cxxx. An Act for draining, embanking, and improving Lands in the Pari Hi of Ottringham in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

the STATUTES,

cxxxi. An Act for prolonging the Term of certain Letter* Patent assigned to Henry Fourdrinier and Scaly Fourdrinier,

' for the Invention of making Paper by means of Machinery.

307

cxxxii. An Act for making better Provision for the Support and Maintenance of the Rector for the Time being of the Pari fit of Saint George the Martyr, Southward, in the County of Surrey.- Hid.

cxxxiii. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the City of Fork to Kcxby Bridge, and from Grinston to the upper End of Stone Dale, in the County of York. Ibid.

cxxxiv. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Brandon, in the County of Suffolk. Ibid.

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

NOT PRINTED.

I. AN Act for enclosing Lands in the Parish of Wambrook, Si in the County of Dorset.

4. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Elton in the County of Nottingham.

[And for making Comptnfat'on for Tythes.]

An Act for naturalizing Joseph Cary.

4. An Act for naturalizing John Jacob Sicard.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Hamlet of Upper Norton, otherwise Norton Linafcy in the County of Warwick.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.-\

6. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Warkton and Little Oakley, in the County of Northampton, and in the Parish of Luddington, in the Counties of Northampton and Huntingdon, or one of them.

7. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Pnrifbes of Weekly and Geddington, in the County of Northampton, and for changing in Part the Boundary between the said Two Parillies.

[And fr making Compensation for Tythes. 1

8. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Cattiflock, in the County of Dorset.

9.A: i Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Stocklandin the County of Dorset.

IO* An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Alderlon, in the County of Glvueester.

II. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Stanlcy-pont-large, in the County of Gloucester.

tz. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Horning, in the County of No f lk.

13. An Act for inclosing Land, in the Parish of Waith, in the County of Lincoln.

[And jor making Comperfition for Tythes.]

14. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Knockin, in the County of Sabp.

iy. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Hamlet of Aldington, in the Parish of BaJjey, in the County of Worcester.

[ And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

16. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishe& of North Westm, in Porrifhcdd, and We.: on in Cardano, otherwise North Weston> in the County of Somerset.

17. An Act for inclosing Land, in the Parish of Penlney, in the County of Nor ft Ik.

18. An Act for dividing and allotting Lands in the Parish of Herrings well, in the County of Suffolk.

( Ami for making Lompensation for Tythes J

19. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Holt and LtihiringteU, in the County of Norfolk.

20. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Township of Burton, in the Parish of Burton, in the County Palatine of Chester.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

21. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Warlingham, in the County of Surrey.

22. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of South Ktrhby and South E hr fall, in the Parish of South Kirkby, in the West Riding of the County of York.

[An I for making Compensation for Tythe.f]

An Allotment to the King in Right of his Duchy of Lancaster 5 and as Lord of the Manor of South Elmfalt. — Extract of the: Award to be transmitted to the Duchy Court.

23. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Croughton, otherwise Crow ton, in the County of Northampton.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

24. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Liberty of Kitigswood, in the Parish of Ewell, in the County of Surrey.

[And for making Compensation for Tythei.]

25» An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of OJjl.y, in the County of Heriford.

[Amifor making Compensation for Tythes.]

46. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Shottr/brcok and White Waltham, otherwise Waltham Abbots, in the County of Berks.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

Allotment to the King for the Paramount So ejl Rightr of the Crown as Owner of IVim for So ejl, in the Put jjh of White Waltham.

27. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Hay ton, in the County of Cumberland.

28. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parities of No'th Hyke-ham, otherwise North Htchham, and Skellingthorpe, in the County of Lincoln.

29. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Fariih of Wrangle, in the County of Lincoln.

[End for making Compensation so Tythes.]

go. An Act for vesting certain Estates at Ealing, in the County of Middlesex (deviled by the Will of the Right Honourable Elizabeth Lady Kinnatrd), in Trustees, upon Trull to sell the same, and for applying Part of the Purchase Monies in Lifcharge of an Incumbrance thereupon, and for laying out the Residue of the Monies in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the fame Uiea.

31. Ao

XV

[Local & Personal, not printed, ) 470 GEO. III. Se/T. 2.

11. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of River, in the, County of Kent.

Allotment to the King as Lord of the Manor of River. — Lx-, tvafl of the Award shall be sent to the OJf.cc of Sut-ieyor General of the King's Lan l Revenue.

32. An Act for in doling Lands in the* Parish of Addle, in the West Riding of the County of York.

33. An Act for inclosing Lands in Hudfwell and Hipfwell, in

the Parish of Catleriek, in the North Riding of the County of)ork. [And jor making CompensationJo- Tythes ]

No J.e; e tied be tr.ae of Vicinal Allotments without Consent of the Ahlf as Patron of the Vurn age and Varifo Chur.h of Cattc itk.

34. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Ashby de la Laumiy in the County of Lincoln.

[An ' so<- m a bin*Compen Cation fur Tythes.]

35. An Act for inclosing Land* in the Township of Bishop Monitor., in the Parish of Ripon, in the County of York*

36. An Act for ividoiin^Lands in the Ilamlot of Pamiagton, in the Puriih of AshcLv.irch, in tl\e County of Giouce.ur.

Lr^ form king Cora pen tio> J\r Tylhcs.]

37. An Act for inclosing Lands in tilt Manor, Town, Borough, aid Liberty of Saint Clears, in the County of Carmarthen.

38. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Mildenhall, in the County of Si folk.

[An for making ConipenfationforTythes.]

39. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Low Dunsfrth, in the Parish of A Woo rough, ir» the County of 2'ork.

[And for making C impenfiti m fi Tylhe: .]

Abutment to the Ki g's Lejfee in Right of certain L mdt - — Ex-tr. 8 of A war shall be Jent to l.and Revenue Office.

40. An Act for inclosing Lands in tile Parish of Torpenhowfva the County of Cumberland.

[And for making Comfenfniion for TythcsC\

41. An Act for inclosing Lands 1/1 the Manor of Fit on, in the Pur.lh of V/iggcnhiill Ciint Mary's, and other Pari Ales therein mentioned, in the County of Norfolk.

4?. An Act to explain and amend an Act of the Forty fourth Year of Hisprclent Majesty, for dividing and draining Lands in the Purilhes of Saw try Ad Saints, and Sawtry Saint Andrew, in the County or H aitingd>n.

[ nd for making Cowprtfation for Tythes- iy An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Chrtshall, in the County of LJfx.

[And f01 making Compensation for Lytles.*]

44. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manors and Parishes of D aldington and Great Barford, other wise Baford Saint Michel, in the County of Oxford.

45. An Act for incloii .g Lands in the Parish of Broughton llacLcit, otherwise line Letts Broughton, in the County of liftr.tjltr.

\ And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

No / case of Allotment to ReStor without Conjcnt of the K ing as Palron of the Rectory of Bi aught on Hackett. ifi. An Act for naturalizing Louis Franc; cis Nicolas Frclout.

4/- An Act to empower the Trustees and VII-tors of the College, commonly culled Sir John Morden's College /ituate on Hukhenth, in the County of Kent, to ieil a certain Piece or Parcel of Land, and other Hereditaments lit mate at Green-mch, in the said County of Kent, Part of the Estate of the said CulJige, to the Commissioners and Governors of the

Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, in the County of Kent, and to apply the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands to be applied to the like Uses.

48. An Act for vesting certain Estates, in the Parish of Cheddars Herring, in the County of Dorsi, entailed by the Settlement made on the Marriage of the Plonourablo Lionel Darner deceased, with IViUiamxa his Wife, and the Will of John Darner El^uire, dcceaCed, in Trustees to be sold, and for inveiling the Monies anting therefrom in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses.

49. An Act for vesting in an additional Trudee certain Trust Estates comprised in, and settled by an Act made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, /f// Au f.rJit thrg certain Manors, Capital Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Hertford, comprised in a Settlement made by William Strode F.Jquire, dece fed, and for parch a firg with the Money arising by such Sale other Lands a id Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, upon the fublilting Trulls of the said Act.

50. An Act for enabling the Trustees, under the Will of John Meyrick Esquire, deceased, to fell a capital Messuage and Lands at Fulham, in the County of Middlesex, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

51. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Yarburghfiti the County of Lincoln.

£ And for making Compensation for Tythes ]

52. An Act for inclosing Wcjlerjicld Green, in the Parish of Westerjuid, in the County of tuj-Ak.

[, nd for making Compenjalion for Tythes.]

53. An Act for inclosing (laid Green, in the Parish of IVbe at-hill, in the County of Salop.

[.nd for making Compenf ton for Tythes f\

54. An Act for inclo/ing Lands in the I'zriih of Exnirtg, in the County of Suffolk.

[And for m iking C empensation for Tythes ]

55. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Landbc.vh, in the County of Cambridge

[ And f or m ding Cornfenfation for Tythes.]

56. An Act for allotting and dividing Lands in the Parish of Steeple M or den, in the County of Cambridge.

57. An Act for inclosing the Lands in the Township or

Liberty of Barnly in the Parishes of BJyth ana Sutton cum Lound, or in one or either of them, in the County of Nottingham. And j'or making Comp nf -t ion far Tythes.]

58. An Act for naturalizing 'Johan Gottlob IVernhrk.

59. An Act for vesting Part of the Real Estates of the late Ojwald Ilojley Esquire, deceased, deviled by his Will, in Trulicet and their Heirs, upon Truit to convey the lame in the Manner therein mentioned.

60. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Saint Andrew the Lcjs, o\.herwife called Barnwell, in the Town of Cambridge, in tile County of Cambridge, and certain Lands in the Pa-rillies of Saint Andrew the Great, Saint Ala y the Great, and Saint Mary the Lej's, or some or one of them, in the said Town of Can bridge, lying intermixed with the Lands in the said Parish of % u.int Ature-w the Left, otherwise called Barnwell.

[And for making Compensatiits forTythes .]

61. An Act to diiTolve ttie Marriage ot John Edit with Jfa'ia Palmer, his now Wife, and to enable him to many again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

TABLE

Containing THE TITLES of all

THE STATUTES,

Passed in the SECOND Session of the FOURTH Parliament

OF THE

United Kingdom of Great Britain and '

48 GEORGE III.

PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS.

1. AN AT for regulating the issuing and paying of? of

jl \ Exchequer Hills. Page 309

2. An Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain; and 01. Pensions and Offices in England; and for repealing so much of certain Acts as relate to certain Duties of Six-pace arid One St illing respectively on OfKccs and Pen ftons; and for re-granting the said Duties of Sixpence and O.te Shilling respectively, and the said other Duties, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and

eight. 312

3. An Act for empowering the Governor and Company of

the* Bank of England to advance the Sum of Three Millions, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand eiijht hundred and eight. 324

4. An Act to authorize the advancing, for the publick Service,

upon certain Conditions, a Proportion of the Balance regaining in the Bank of England for Payment of Unclaimed Dividends, Annuities, and Lottery Prizes; and far regulating the Allowances to be paid for the Management of the National Debt. 325

5. An Act for repealing an Act made in the Forty-seventh

Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for fuf pending the Operation of an Act of the Thirty-sixth Tear of B: r prefint Majplj, for the further Support and Maintenance I of Curates within (he Church of England, and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned, fj far as relates to the Avoidance cf Ben fees by the Incumbents thereof having accepted augmented Curacies. 327

h An Act to continue, until the End of this Session of Parliament, several Acts for carrying into Execution the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, between His Majesty and the United States of America. Ibid.

" An Act for raising the Sum of Ten Millions five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of 48 Geo. III.

Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight. Page 327

8. An Act to amend an Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of

His present Majesty, for better regulating the Office of the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy. 328

9. An Act for abolilliing the Office of Surveyor of Subsidies

and Petty Customs in the Port of London. Ibid.

10. An Act to amend so much of an Act, made in the

Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for granting certain Duties on Spirits made in Scotland, as relates to delivering up the Licences granted for diddling Spirits in the Lowlands of Scotland, and for better preventing private Distillation. 329

11. An Act for permitting the Importation of Goo49 from the Fortugucfe Territories on the Continent of South America, in Portuguese {hips. 330

12. An Act to amend and continue, until the Twenty-fifth

Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, so much of an Act of the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty as allows certain Bounties on British Plantation Raw Sugar exported. Ibid.

13. An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on Viscount Labe, and the two next Persons to whom the Title of Viscount Labe shall defeend, in consideration of the eminent Services of the late General Viscount Lube.

331

14. An Act for the Regulation of Elis Majesty Royal

Marine Forces while on Shore. Ibid.

15. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters. Ibid.

J 6. An Act for further continuing, until the Twenty-fifths Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, certain Bounties and Drawbacks on the Exportation ©f\ Sugar from Great Britain; and for susperding the Countervailing Duties and Bounties on Sugar when the Duties c*. impeft d*

xviii Tl-.e TITLES of the STATUTES,

imposed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament shall be suspended. 334

17. An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, certain Acis for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation oi Sugar from Ireland, and allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehous'd in Ireland} and for warehousing \n Ireland Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations.

335

An Act for amending and further continuing an i\H made in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Payment of the Duties on Cinnamon, Cloves, Nutmegs, and Mace. Ibid.

IC). An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, an Act made in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for permitting the Importation of Mails, Yards, Bowsprits, and l imber, for Naval Purposes, from the British Colonies in North America, Duty free. Ibid.

20. An Act to continue until the Twenty-fifth Day of

March One thousand eight hundred and ten, several Laws relating to the Encouragement of the Greenland Whale Fisheries; to tli2 Admission to Entry in Great Britain of Oil and Blubber of Newfoundland taken by His Majesty's Subjects carrying on the Fishery from and rciiding 111 the said Island; and to the allowing the Importation of Fish from Newfoundland and the Coait of Labrador. Ibid.

21. An Act to empower the Commissioners appointed for

distributing the Money paid by the United States of America, to withdraw the fame from the Bank, and invest it in Exchequer Bills. Ibid.

22. An Act for making perpetual several Laws relating to

permitting tive Exportation ot Tobacco Pipe Clay from Great Britain to the British Sugar Colo idea in the West Indies; the Importation of Salt from Europe into Quebec in America; and the prohibiting of Foreign-wronght Silks and Velvets. 336

23. An Act to continue several Laws relating to the grant-

ing a Bounty on the Importation into Great Britain of Hemp, and rough and u; id relied Flax, from His Majesty's Colonies in America; and to the more effectually encouraging the Manufacture of Ffax end Cotton in Great Britain until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ton; and for granting a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Iri/lj Linens exported from Great Britain, and taking off the Duties on Importation into Great Britain, of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax, until the Twenty-firth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven. Ibid.

24. An Act for farther continuing, until Three Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, an Act made in the Forty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, for permitting the Importation into Great Britain, of Hides and other Articles in Foreign Ships. Bid,

25. An Act for further continuing, until the Twenty-fifth

Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine, an Act made i.i the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland. Ibid.

26. An Act for granting to His Majesty, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, Duties of Cuiloms on the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein enumerated, in furtherance of the Provisions of certain Orders in Council.

Hid.

27. An Act to continue, until tlu? Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, an Act of the Forty-first Year of His present Majesty, for prohibiting the

Exportation from Ireland, and for permitting the Import* ation into Ireland, Duty free, of Corn and other Provisions.

Page 348

28. An Act for granting to His Majesty, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, certain Duties on the Exportation from Ireland of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein enumerated. Ibid.

29. An Act to prohibit, until the End of the next Session of

Parliament, the Exportation of Jtfuits Bark and Cotton Wool from Ir land. 353

30. An Act to amend an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty-third Ycarof His present Majesty, for regulating the Trade of Ireland to and from the East Indies, 354

31. An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the

Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for pre-w venting the counterfeiting of certain Silver Tokens to certain other Tokens which may be iiTued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, and to promote the Circulation of the said last-mentioned Tokens. Ibid.

32. An Act to permit certain Goods imported into Ireland

to be warehoused or secured, without the Duties due on the Importation thereof being first paid. 355

33. An Act to prohibit, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, the Exportation of Jesuits Bark from Great Britain. 360

34. An Act to prohibit, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, the Exportation of Cotton Wool from Great Britain. 361

35. An Act for imposing, until the End of the next Session of

Parliament, a Duty on Cotton Wool, the Growth of the Briti/lp Colonies, exported from Great Britain. Ibid.

36. An Act for further continuing, until the Twenty-fourth

Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, an Act of the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for altering and amending several Laws relating to the Duties of Excise upon Malt.'Ibid.

37. An Act for making valid certain Orders in Council, and

Warrants of the Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Entry and Warehousing of certain Goods imported in Neutral Vessela, and for indemnifying all Persons concerned therein; for the remitting of Forfeitures in certain Cases; and for enabling His Majesty to allow, during the Continuance of Hostilities, and until Two Months after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, the Importation of Goods from Coin, tries from which the Br; t{ff} Flag is excluded, in any Vessels whatever. I ltd.

38. An Act for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Exchequer Bills. 362

39. An Act forincreasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Inn-keepers and others on quartering Soldiers. Hid,

40. An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments j and for extending the Times limited for those Pin poles respectively, until the Twenty-fifth Dav of March O , o thousand eight hundred and nine, and to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the fame on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and nine. 363

41. An Act to repeal certain Duties of Excise in Ireland\

and to grant certain Stamp Duties in lieu thereof; and also certain other Stamp Duties; and to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties in Ireland. Ibid.

42. An Act to grant to Ilia Majesty certain Duties and Taxes in Ireland, in respect ot Carriages, Dogs, Fire Hearths, Horses, Male Servants, and Windows, in lieu of former

c.

XIX

(Public General, ) 48° GEO. III.

former Duties and Taxes, in respect of the like Articles.

Page 369

43. An Act to suspend, until the Eleventh Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, the Payment of all Drawbacks on Spirits made or diililled in Great Britain or Ireland, and exported from either Country to the other rdpcdively. 376

44. An Act to prevent the Exportation of Wool to Ireland

before Bond given for the due landing thereof. I Lid.

45. An Act for defraying, until the Twenty-fifth Day of

March One thousand eight hundred and nine, the Charge of the Pav and Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland; for holding Courts Martial on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporal*, a: .d Drummers, for Offences committed during the fitr.e such Militia shall not be embodied; and for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace. 377

46. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and

Cloathing of the Militia in Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight. Hid.

47. An Act for quieting Polilfiions and confirming defcctive

Titles ir, Ireland, and limiting the Right of the Crown to sue iu Manner therein mentioned; and for the Relief of Incumbents in respect of Arrears due to the Crown during the Incumbency of their Predecessors. Ibid.

48. An Act to enable His Mj.-lly's Poss-Master-General of

Ireland to purchnfc Premises for the Enlargement of the General Poll Office in the City of Dublin. 378

49. An Act for accelerating the making up, Examination, and

Audit of the Accounts of the Paymaster-General of His Majesty's Forces. 379

50. ah Ad to suspend the granting of Offices in Reversion,

or for joint Lives with Benefit of Survivorship, for One Year after the passing of this Act, and from thence until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament. 380

51. An Act for making Allowances in certain Cases to Sub-

altern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain, while disembodied. 381

52. An Act to revive and continue* until the Twenty-fifth

Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, and amend so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Scrjiwnt-Majors of the

Militia of England^ disembodi d under an Act of the fame ihffion of Parliament. I hid.

33. An Act for raising the Sum of Three Millions by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight. Ibid.

54. An Act for raj fir g the Sum of One Million fire hundred

thousand Pounds by Exchequer Dills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight. Ibid.

55. An Act for repealing the Duties of Assessed Taxes, and

granting new Duties in lieu thereof, and certain additional Duties to be consolidated therewith; and also for repealing the Stamp Duties on Game Certificates, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof, to be placed under the Management of the Commi{Tinners for the Affairs of Taxes. Hid.

fi. An Act for abolishing Fees received by Officers in the Service of the Cidioms in the several Ports of Inland, and for regulating the Hour* of Attendance and the Number of Holidays to be observed by the faiii Officers and certain Officers of Excise. 405

57. An Act for increasing the Duty on Coiks ready-made,

imported into Great Britain. 407

58. An Act for amending the Law with regard to the Course of Proceeding on Indictments and Informations in

the Court of King's Bench in certain Cases; for authorizing the Execution in Scotland of certain Warrants issued for Offences committed in England; and for requiring Officers taking Bail in the King's Suit to assign the Bad Bonds to the King. Page 407

59. An Act for enabling His Majesty to settle an Annuity on Her Royal Highneis the Duchefsof Brunfavich lilolfen* blitteL 409

6c. An Act for repealing an Act passed in the First Year of King James the Eirlt, intituled, an Act concerning Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and ether Artificers occupying the cut-ting of Leather; and also for repealing and amending certain Parts of several other Acts of Parliament relating thereto. Hid.

61. An Act to continue, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, an Act of the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for appointing Comr; iffior.ers to enquire into the publick Expenditure and the Conduct of the publick liuimefs in the Military Departments therein mentioned. Ibid.

62. An Act for the making perpetual several Acts for the bet-

ter Collection and Security of the Revenues of Cuiloms and Excise in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein; and to make further Provision for the Security of the said Revenues, and for the Execution of the several Acts relating thereto. Hid»

63. An Act to 'amend an Act made in the Forty-seventh.

Year of His present Majesty*8 Reign for securing the Collection of the Duties on Auctions in Ireland. 411

64- An Act to amend an Act made in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for enabling His Majesty to accept the Services of Volunteers from the Militia of //V-land..412

65. An Act to make more effectual Provision for the Build-

ing and Rebuilding of Churches, Chapels, and Glebe Houses, and for the Purchase of Glebe Lands, Glebe Houses, and Impropriations, in Ireland. 413

66. An Act for enforcing the Residence of Spiritual Per ions

on their Benefices in Ireland. 4 7

67. An Act for granting an additional Duty on Copper imported into Great Britain, until the Filth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament. 420

68. An Act for extending the Bounty now payable on Pilchards exported to the li ejl Indies or Mediterranean to Pil-

1 chards exported to any Parts beyond the Seas. Ibid.

I 69. An Act to peimit, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hund: d and ten, Sugar and Coffee to be exported from His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations to any Port in Europe to the Southward of Cape fiinijlcrre,

I and Corn to be imported from such Port and from the

1 Coait of Ajrica into the said Colonies and Plantations. 421 i 70. An Act to provide that British Ships which shall be I captured by the Enemy, and lliull afterwards become the

1 Property of British Subjects, shall not be entitled to the

I Privilege of British Ships. 42y

j 71. An Act to amend so much of Two Acts of this Session ! of Parliament, for carrying into Execution certain Orders

i in Council, as relates to the Duties on Goods exported from die Warehouses in which they have been secured on Importation, and on certain Prize Goo Js imported into Great Britain or Ireland. Ibid.

72. An Act for the ncreate and Preservation of Timber in

Dean and Neats lorfis. 424

73. An Act to improve the Land Revenue of the Crown in England, and also of His Majesty's Duchy of Lancajlrr. 42 5

74. An Act for the better Collection of the Duties on Malt

made in Great Britain. 433

7j. An

c

j

XX

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

75. An Act f >r providing fiiiiable Interment in Church-yards

ur Parochial Burying Grounds in England, for inch dead Human Bodies as may he call on Shore form the S: a, in Cases of Wicck or otherwise. - Bage 438

76. An Act for raising the Sum of Ten Millions Five hundred

thousand Pounds byway of Annuities. 440

77. An Act to enable His Majesty to veil the Right of Appointment of Mailer of the Free School of Londonderry in the City and County of Londonderry, in the Bishop of Derry for the Time being. Ibid.

7S. An Act to grant to His Majesty Duties upon Malt made in Ireland., and upon Spirits made or dillilled in Iceland; and to allow certain Drawbacks on the Exportation thereof.

441

79. An Act to amend the Two Acts for the collecting of the

Malt Duties in Ireland, and regulating the Trade of a Malt Her. 444

80. An Act to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine, and to amend fever: .! Acts for granting certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland; and to grant new Duties on the Importation of East India Sugar and Foreign Spirits; and to reduce the Duty on British Plantation Coffee imported. 446

81. An Act to amend the several Acts for the regulating and

securing the Collection of the Duty on Spirits dillilled in Ireland.'Ibid.

82. An Act to make perpetual and to amend several A dts

for the better regulating the issuing and granting of Permits and Certificates, for the Conveyance and Protection of certain Exciseable Goods in Ireland. 450

83. An Act for raising the Sum of Seven hundred and fifty

thousand Pounds by way of Annuities for the Service of Ireland. 451

84. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act,

passed in the last Session of Parliament, to make more effectual Provision for the Prevention of Smuggling, and for regulating the Periods for cancelling and delivering up certain Bonds relating to the Revenue of Cuiloms. 452

85. An Act to regulate the Trade between Great Britain and the United States of America until the End of the next Session of Parliament. 454

86. An Act to revive and continue until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, an Act of the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries. Ibid.

87. An Act for repealing the Rates and Taxes taken by licen-

fed Hackney Coachmen, and for establishing others in lieu thereof; and for amending several Laws relating to Hackney Coaches. 455

88. An Act to restrain the Negotiation of Promissory Notes

and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum in Etlg^ land. 458

89. An Act for enabling the Commissioners appointed to ex-

amine Accounts of Publick Expenditure in the Barrack Office, more speedily and effectually to investigate the said Accounts. 460

90. An Act to enable the Commissioners for auditing Publick

Accounts, and the Commissioners for the Affairs of Barracks respectively, to send and receive Letters and Packets

on the Business of their Offices free of Pollage. 461

91. An Act for enabling the Commissioners appointed to examine Accounts of Publick Expenditures in the West Indies, more speedily and effectually to investigate the said Accounts. Ibid.

92. An Act to repeal so much of an Act, made ixv the Forty -

seventh Year of His present Majesty, for charging the Sum of Twelve Millions two hundred thousand Pounds, raised for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven, upon the Duties of Customs and Excise granted to His Majesty, during the Continuance of the present War, as relates to Money tliued for Charges of Management of Stock redeemed. Page 462

93. An Act to repeal so much of an Act of the First Year of King James the First, as relates to the Penalties on Shooting at Hares; and also to repeal an Act of the Third Year of King George the First, relating to Gamekeepers. Ibid.

94. An Act for repealing so much of an Act made in the Parliament of Scotland, in the Fourth Session of the First Parliament of Queen Anne, intituled, Act for preferring the Game, as relates to the Shooting of Hares. 463

95. An Act for continuing, until the First Day of August

One thousand eight hundred and eleven, an Act of the Forty-fifth year of His present Majesty, for allowing, under certain Reilridiions, the bringing a limited Quantity of Coals, Culm, or Cinders, to London and Westminster, by Inland Navigation. Ibid.

96. An Act for the better Care and Maintenance of Lunaticks,

being Paupers or Criminals in England. Ibid.

97. An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's

Treasury, to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of flicit Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight. 470

98. An Act for letting to Farm the Duties on Horses hired by the Mile or Stage, to be 11 fed in travelling, and on Horse3 hired for a less Period of Time than Twenty-eight Days, for drawing Carriages uh d in travelling Poll, or otiicrwife, in Great Britain, and for be Ter securing the said Duties. Ibid.

90. An Act for depofiling Prize Goods liable to Duty in Warehouse8 under the Care of the Officers of the Customs and Excise, and for reducing Spirits condemned as Prize to a proper Strength, for Flume Consumption. 473

ico. An Act for extending the Provisions of an Act made in the Forty-feveutli Year of His present Majesty, so far as respects the Payment of Prize Money arising from Captures made by Foreign in Conjunction with British Ships, to Captures made by the Laud Forces of Foreign States in C011-jundlion with the British. 475

101. An Act for ex ling ui filing the Right of Way over a Lane or Road leading aero is the Exercising Ground in front of Chat ban Lines, and for veiling the Soil thereof iti His Majesty, R.s Heirs and SuccelTbn. Ibid.

102. An Act for appointing Commissioners for carrying into Execution m Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting to His M.; j; : fty a Duty on Pensions and Offices in England; and an Act made in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight. Ibid.

103. An Act for further extending the Provisions of several Acts, for establishing the Bank of Ireland; and for empowering the Governor and Company of the said Bank, to advance the Sum of One Million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, Iriffs Currency, towards the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight. 476

104. An Act for the better Regulation of Pilots, and of the Pilotage of Ships and Vessels navigating the British Seas. 479

105. An Act to authorize His Majesty, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, to make Regulations respecting the Trade and Commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope. 495

106. An Act to remedy the Inconvenience which has arilen, and

XXI

(Public General, ) 48° GEO. III.

awl may arise, from the Expiration of Acts, before the passing of Acts to continue the fame. Pag* 495

107. An Act to enable the Secretary at War to enforce the making of Returns from Clerks of Subdivisions, and others, in relation to Fines, Half Bounties, and Residues of Sums due under certain Acts relating to the Defence of the Realm, for the Purpose of directing the Distribution thereof to the Persons entitled thereto. Hid.

108. An Act for carrying into complete Execution and Effed certain Provisions contained in an Act pa fifed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for making Compensation to the Patentee Officers of the Pleas Side of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland, as far a9 respects the Compensation to John Ml Clin toe I, and William Fcsler Mi Clint ock, Esquires, Patentee Officers of the Office of Serjeant at Arms of the said Court of Exchequer. 496

109. An Act to regulate the Trade between Great Britain and the Portuguese Territories, on the Continent of South America. 497

no. An Act for the further Encouragement and better Regulation of the British White Herring Fishery, until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament. 498

III. An Act for enabling His Majesty to establish a permanent Local Militia Force, under certain Restrictions, for the Defence of the Realm. 511

III. An Act for raising the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds by Treasury Bills for the Service of Ireland for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight. 524

113. An Act to empower Grand Juries in Ireland, (or Persons appointed by them, ) to sell or exchange Ground that has been occupied by old Court Houses, Gaols, or County Infirmaries, and the Materials thereon. Ibid.

114- An Act for raising the Sum of Six Millions, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service 01 Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight. Ibid.

llj. An Act to grant to His Majesty Countervailing Duties on Spirits imported into Ireland from Scotland; and to allow Equivalent Drawbacks on Spirits exported from Ireland to Scotland. 525

116. An Act for granting to His Majesty Rates of Postage on the Conveyance of Letters and Packet* to and from the Island of Madeira, and to and from the Portuguese Territories on the Continent of South America. Ibid.

117. An Act for repealing the Duties upon Silks painted and stained, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof. 526

118. An Act to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Com

or Grain, for a limited Time. Ibid.

119. An Act for regulating the charging of the Duty on

Spirits imported into Great Britain, according to the Strength thereof. 527

120. An Act for reducing the Excise Duties on Coffee imported into Great Britain, and for directing that Coffee and Cocoa warehoused shall be subject to the Regulations of an Act of the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for permitting certain Goods imported to be secured in Warc-houses. Ibid.

121. An Act for reducing the Duty of Customs on Coffee

imported into Great Britain when taken out of Warehouse for Home Consumption. 528

122. An Act for vesting all Estate and Property occupied for the Barrack Service in the Commissioners for the Affairs of Barracks 5 and for granting certain Powers to the said Commissioners. J29

123. An Act for the Discharge of Debtors in Execution for Small Debts, from Imprisonment in certain Cases. 530

124. An Act for continuing the Premiums allowed to Ships

employed in the Southern Whale Fishery. Pngc 531

125. An Act to permit the Importation of Rice, Grain, a.f l

Flour, from any Foreign Colonies on the Continent of Am-'-rica into certain Ports in the West India, and to allow certain Articles to be imported from the United States of America into the British Provinces in North America, for the Purpose of Exportation to the British Islands in the IFeft Indies. Ibid.

126. An Act to permit Goods secured in Warehouses in the

Port of London to be removed to the Out-ports for Exportation to any Part of Europe, for empowering His Majesty to direct that Licences which His Majesty is authorized to grant under His Sign Manual may be granted by One of the Principal Secretaries of State; and for enabling His Majesty to permit the Exportation of Goods in Vessels of less Burthen than are now allowed by Law, during the present Hostilities, and until One Month after the Signature of the Preliminary Articles of Peace. 532

127. An Act to render valid certain Marriages solemnized in certain Churches and Publick Chapels in which Banns had not usually been published before or at the Time of passing an Act made in the Twenly-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better preventing of Clandestine Marria^rs. Ibid.

128. An Act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the

Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Office of Paymaster-General, as requires*certain Accounts to be examined and settled within certain Periods, by the Secretary at War, and enabling His Majesty to make Order!* for examining and settling such Accounts. 533

129. An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the

Eighth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act to take a'way the Ben fit of Clergy from certain Offenders for Felony, as takes away the Benefit of Clergy from Persons dealing privily from the Person of anotjier s and for more effectually preventing the Crime of Larceny from the Person. Ibid.

130. An Act for pi-eventing the various Frauds and Depre-

dations committed on Merchants, Ship Owners, and Underwriters, by Boatmen and others, within the Jurisdiction b£ the Cinque Ports; and also for remedying certain Defcda relative to the Adjuilinent of Salvage, under a Statute made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne. 534

131. An Act for further continuing until the First Day of

May One thousand eight hundred and nine, an Act of the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for suspending Proceedings in Actions and other Proceedings relating to the Woollen Manufacture. 540

132. An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act, passed 111

the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for the Encouragement of Seamen and better manning His Majesty's Navy, to Cases arising in consequence of Hostilities commenced since the passing of the said Act. Ibid.

133. An Act for enlarging the Times appointed for the first Meetings of Commissioners and other Persons, for putting in Execution certain Acts of this Session of Parliament. Ibid.

134. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the marking of

Bags and Pockets of Hops. Hid.

135. An Act to amend an Act made in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty for more effectually carrying intfc Execution the Purposes of an Act made in the hirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of His Majesty, to give further Time for the Payment, on the Conditions therein mentioned, oi In-ftalment3 on certain Loans advanced to the House of Alexander

pioujlcn

e

xxii

The TITLES of

Houston and Company to Charles Ashwell Esquire, and to ] William Johnstone Esquire, being Persons connected with and trading to the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent, so far as relates to the Real and Personal Eilatpsof William Mac Dow ally James Mac Dow all, and Robert Houjlcn Rae, in the West Indies and cl fc where, except in Scotlandr. Page 541

136. An Act to indemnify all Officers and Persons who have

carried into Execution any of the Provisions of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for completing and increnfing the Militia of Great Britain, in relation to the Militia of the Tower Hamlets. Ibid.

137. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act of the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for coufoli-dating and rendering more effectual the few nil Acts for the Purchase of Buildings and further Improvement of the Streets and Places near to Westminster Hall and the Two Houses of Parliament. -{lid.

138. An Act for defining and regulating tljc Powers of the

Commission of Teinds, in augmenting and modifying the Stipends of the Clergy of Scotland. 542

139. An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to

be raised by Lotteries. 544

140. An Act for the more etTedlual Administration of the

Office of a Justice of the Peace, and for the more effectual Prevention of Felonies within the District of Dublin Metropolis. 545

141. An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Duties of

Atteffed Tax es, and of the Tax upon the Profits of Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices, and to regulate the Assessment and Collcdlion of the fame. 548

142. An Act for enabling the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, to grant Life Annuities. 556

143. An Act to repeal the Stamp Duties on Licences

granted by Justices of the Peace for selling Ale, Beer, and other Exciseable Liquors by Retail; and for granting fcther Duties in lieu thereof. 578

the STATUTES,

144. An Act for the more effectual Protection of Oyster Fisheries and the Brood of Oysters in England.*Page 580

145. An Act for enabling His Majesty to grant Annuities to the Judges of the Court of Session, Jutliciary, and Exchequer in Scotland, upon the Resignation of their Offices.

58r

146. An Act for vesting the Stock of the Court of

Session in Scotland in Trustees, for the ercdling Buildings for the better Accommodation of the College of Justice, and a publick Gaol, in the City of Edinburgh, and for ether Purposes therein mentioned. 582

147. An Act to permit the Sale of the Danish Prize Ship

Conjlantia Maria, and her Cargo, in the Port of Fowey, in the County of Cornwall. 583

148. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of

Money out of the Contoliduted Fund of Great Britain, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament* Ibid.

149. An Act for repealing the Stamp Duties on Deeds, Law

Proceedings, and other written or printed Xnstruments, and the Duties on Legacies and Succefiions to Personal Estate upon Inteflaeics, now payable in Great Britain; and for granting new Duties in hevi thereof. 587

150. An Act for enabling His Majesty to establish a per-

manent Local Militia Force in Scotland> under certain Restridlior.s, for the Defence of the Realm. 636

151. An Act concerning the Administration of Justice in Scotland, and concerning Appeals to the House of Lords.

638

152. An Act for granting certain Duties on Worts or Wash

made from Sugar during the Prohibition of Distillation from Corn or Grain in Great Britain 64a

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED;

OR PRINTED COPIES WHEREOF ARE DECLARED TO BE EVIDENCE.

i. AN Act to continue and amend an Act of the Thirty-fe-

P* cond Year of His present Majestyffor repairing the Road from the Town of Middleton in Tcrfdale, to the Gate in the new Inclosures, called The Edge, in the Parish of St. Andrew's Auckland, and a Branch therefrom to Eggleston Bridge, in the County of Durham. Page 648

ii. An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for paving, clear.sing, lighting, and watching the Streets and Publick Passages in the City of W'tnchester, and several Pari flics in the Suburbs thereof, and for removing and preventing Nuisances therein. Ibid.

iii. An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of the several Acts relating to the Oxford Canal Navigation. Ibid.

ir. An Act for continuing and amending Two Acts of the Fifth and Twenty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Hurst-Green to the Extent of the Parish of Burwajh, in the County of Sufferc. Ibid.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing 'the Road from Scale Bridge to Bury Saint Edmunds, in the County of Suffolk. Ibid.

vi. An Act for enclosing Lands in Chapel Allerton, in the West

Riding of the County of 7'ork. Etsge 648

vii. An Act for continuing t lie Term, and enlarging the Powers

of Three Acts, for repairing the Road from Northallerton, through Thirsk and Eafr.gwold, to Burton Stone, near the City of York, and also the; Road from Thirsk to 7'opchffr, in the County of York. Ibid.

viii. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the

East London Water Works to purchase certain other Water Works and to amend an Act of the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty relating to the Paid East London Water Works. Ibid.

ix. An Act for better atteffing and collecting the Poor and

other Rates in the Parish of Saint Saviour, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, and regulating the Poor thereof. 649

x. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the

Powers of Two Acts of His late and present Majesty for repairing the Roads from Hinckley to Melbourne Common, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, in the Counties of Leicester and Derby. Ibid.

(Local& Personal, ) 48° GEO. III.

xxiii

xi. An Act for completing the Improvement of the 'Port of

Bris.oL Page 649

xii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Eajington,

in the North Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

xiii. An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the Barrjky Canal Navigation, and certain Railways and other Roads to communicate therewith; and for increasing the Rates, Tolls, and Duties thereby granted. Ibid.

xiv. An Act to continue several Acts for granting a Duty of

Two Pennies Scots upon Ale and Beer brewed in the Town of /ikrbrotbeck, in the County of Forfar. Ibid.

xv. An Act for nuking and maintaining a Road from Leeds to Rounday in the West Riding of tile County of 2 ork. Ibid.

xvi. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township or Minera, in the Panl'h of Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh. Ibid.

xvii. An Act for regulating the Statute Labour, and re-

pairing the Highways and Bridges, in the County of Dumbarton. Ibid.

xviii. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Lrr.ydui Canal to complete the lame. Ibid.

xix. An Act for continuing the Term of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from the Town of Biddenden, to join the Turnpike Road which leads from dji'ford to Feverfam, at Boundgate, in the County of Kent. Hid.

xx. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of so much of an Act, of the Forty-second Year of His Majesty's Reign, as relates to building and maintaining a House of Correction in and for the City and County of sllcrd.cn. Ibid.

xxi. An Act for better attefling and collecting the Poor and

other Rates, in the Parish of Saint Mary Newington, in the County of Surrey, and regulating the Poor thereof. Ibid.

Xxii. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act of King William the Third, for erecting Hospitals and Work-houses, in the Borough of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, and for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there. 650

niii. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, for draining and preserving certain Lands and Grounds in the Parishes of Tid Saint Giles, and Newton in the ljle of £lv, in the County of Cambridge, and in Fid Saint Mary's in the County of Lincoln, and for adding thereto certain other Lands in Tid Saint Mary's aforesaid, lying contiguous to the Lands described in the said Act. Ibid.

xxiv. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Barton, Watnfule HouJ'e to Rife-ham Hedge Corner, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Lincoln. Ibid.

Xxv. An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for making and repairing a Road from the Well End of Gainforough Bridge to East Retford and to Gringlej-upon-the-Hill, in the County of Nottingham. Ibid.

X xvi. An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of Three Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Tadcafer Bridge, within the County of the City of Fork, to a Place called Hebmoor lame End. Ibid.

xxvii. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Beverley by Mdefcroft, to Kendell Houfr, and from Molescroft to Bainton Balk, in the County of York. Ibid.

48 Geo. III.

xxviii. An Act for continuing the Term and altering the

Powers of several Acts for repairing the Road from Car-I fie to Penrith, and from Penrith to Eamont Bridge, in the County of Cumberland., Page 650

xxix. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two

Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from New Chappel, in the County of Surrey, to Dithcheling Bojl Hills, in the County of Sussex; and for amending the Road from Ditcheling Bojl Hills to Bright!)elmJLne, in the County of Sussex* . Ibid.

xxx. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two

Acts, passed in the Seventh and Eleventh Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Spcrnal HJh, in the County of Warwick, through Studley, to the Town of Birmingham. Ibid.

xxxi. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the IVf rhsworth Turnpike Road, in the Hamlet of Ideridgeliay^ to the Town of Diffld, in the County of Derby. Ibid.

xxxii. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge

the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cron ford Bridge to 1. a rig ley MilI, in the County of Derby. Ibid.

xxxiii. an Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge

the Powers, of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Market Croir, i: i the Township of Chtheroe, to Salford Bridge, in the Town of Blackburn, for diverting a Part of the said Road, and for making a Branch ot Road to communicate with the Black urn and Preston Road, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

xxxiv. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge

the Power's of Two Acts of His present Majesty, so far as as the same relate to the Two Diitrifts of Roads therein described, leading from High Bridges to Uttoxeter, and from Sjath to the Hallway from thence to Hanging Bridge, in the County of Stafford. Ibid.

xxxv. An Act foriucloling Lands in the Parishes of Gaywood

and Mintlyn, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

xxxvi. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Thake-ham, Sullington, and Shipley, in the County of Sussex. 651

xxxvii. An Act to continue and amend Two Acts for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Road at IVrotham Heath in the County of Kent, to the Turnpike Road Ratling from Croydon to Godstone, in the County of Surrey. Ibid.

xxxviii. An Act to continuethe Term, and alter the Powers, of

Two Acts, for repairing the Road from the Mansfield and Chef erfcld Turnpike Road, to Buntingfeld Nook, in the County of Derby; and for making a new Road from Tup: on Nether Green to Stubbing Edge Latie and Knot Grefs, in the said County. Ibid.

xxxix. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Great IValfngham, Little Walsingham, and Houghton next lVul'-

frig ham, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

xl. An Act to alter and amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for draining, preserving, and improving certain Low Grounds and Carrs, in the several Parishes of Saint John of Beverley and of Skidby, in the East Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

xli. An Act for building a Bridge over the river Nef at Inverness, widening certain Streets, improving the present Harbour, extending the Royalty, supplying the Inhabitants with Water, regulating the Police, and lighting the Streets of the said Burgh. Hid.

xlii. An Act for regulating the Police of the Barony of Gorbals, in the County of I.anerk; paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets and Pattages thereof, erecting a Bride-

well

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

well or Workhouse therein, and for'other Purposes relating thereto..Page 651

jeliii. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parish of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Law after. Ibid.

xliv. An Act for the further Supply of the City and Suburbs of Glasgow and Places adjacent with Water. Ilid.t

xlv. An Act for paving, cleansing, watching, lighting, and regulating the Streets, and other publick Places, within the Town of Fermoy, in the County of Cork, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Obstructions therein, and for establishing a proper Police in the said Town. Ibid.

xlvi. An Act for making a Railway from or near to the Town of Kilmarnock, in the County of Ayr, to a Place called The Tioon, in the said County. Ibid.

xlvii. An Act for the Improvement of the Harbour of Tioon, situate on the West Coast of the County of Ayr. 652 xlviii. An Act Mr making a navigable Cut from the East Side of the River Tees near Stockton into the said River near Port rack) in the County of Durham; and making various other Improvements in the Navigation of the said River between the Town of Stockton and the Sea. Ibid.

xlix. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of the several Acts relating to the JVcrc fhr and Birmingham Canal Navigation. Ibid.

1. An Act for the more cafy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Hundred of Codjhcath, and other Places therein mentioned, in the County of Kent. Ibid.

li. An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the City of Rochfrr, the Parish of Si rood, and several other Parishes and Places in the County or Kent. /Lid.

3ii. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Maidstone to Key Street, in the County of Kent. 653

liii An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of Three Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Kingsloa upon-Hull, to and through the Town of Aid a by, and from thence to the Town of Kirk Ella, in the County of the said Town of King for - upon-Hull. Ibid.

liv. An Act to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of an Act for repairing the Road from Kinross, in the County of Kinross, to Alloa, in the County of Clackmannan. Ibid.

Iv. An Act for repairing the Road from the Town of A thy, in the County of Kildare, to the Town of Cajlleeomer, in the County of Kilkenny, and to the Town of Leigh fin Bridge, in the County of Carlow, and from the Town of Carlow to the said Town of Cajiletcmer. Ibid.

lvi. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Three Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing tire Road from Chefhrfeld, in the County of Derby, to Work fop, in the County of Nottingham, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, so far as the same relate ' to the Road from Chesterfield to IT or kfop. Ibid.

Ivii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act uf His present Majesty, for repairiugthe Road from the Nottingham and Mansfield Turnpike, in the Liberty of lAidworth, to the Colliery near Pin.xton Green, in the County of Nottingham. Ibid.

lviii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from / Tor IfIp, in the County 01 Nottingham, to Attercliffe, in the County of York. Ibid.

Kx. An Act for continuing and amending an Act, puffed in

the Twenty Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Nottingham to the Town of MansfAd, in the County of Nottingham. Page 653 lx. An Act for amending an Act, pasted in the last Session of Parliament, for making and maintaining Roads from Percy's Cross to Milf eld Burn, and from ITooler to Bowflon Bum, in the County of Northumberland. Ibid.

Ixi. An Act to continue and enlaigc the Term and Powers of Two Acts, for repairing the Road from Tunbridge fVelh % in the County of Kent, to Ringles Cross, near Uufeld, in the County of Sussex. Ibid.

lxii. An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Key Bridge acrofa the river Avon, in the Borough ot Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucfer, and for making and forming convenient Roads thereto. Ibid.

Ixiii. An Act for repairing the Road from Fofton Bridget through the Town of Grantham, to the Division tone on fTithim Common, all in the County of Lincoln, and for repealing l'several Acts relating thereto. Ibid.

lxiv. An r" dl for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from MacclrfAd to Nether 'Labley, in the County of Chester, and for making a new Road from Dirties to Macclesfield aforesaid.^... 6J+

lxv. An A dl for the more eftedlually repairing a certain Road called The IT at ling Street Road, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Salop and Stafford. Hid. lxvi. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Key berry Bridge to the Passage at Shnlldon, and from the said Bridge to the Pier or H arbour of Torquay, in the County of Devon. Ibid.

lxvii. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two several Acts of His late and present Majesty, for amending the Road from Shrewf-lury to IVrex ham, in the County of Denbigh, and from Wrexham to Chester, and several other Roads therein mentioned, so far as respects the Chefer Dillricl of the said Roads.^Ibid.

lxviii. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts of PI is present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Tunbridge Wells, in the County of Kent, to SwiJ'tJden, and frorr^ Frant to PoffiTigworth Great Wood; and for amending a certain Piece of Road communicating with the said Roads. Ibid.

lxix. An Act for removing Doubts as to the Application of certain Surplus Monies paid for measuring, searching, and sealing Cloth, in the West Riding of the County of York, under Two Acts of His present Majesty. Ibid.

lxx. An Act to alter and amend an Act of the Thirty-full Year of His late Majesty, for the due making of Bread, to regulate the Prize and Assize thereof, and to punish Per-foiis who ftudl adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread, so far 33 the fame relates to the Weighing of Bread to be baked and fold within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and within Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange. Ibid.

lxxi. An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for extending the Provisions of Two former Acts relating to the Use of Hoise Hides in making Boots and Shoes, and preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the Flaying thereof, and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof. C56

lxxii. An Act for vesting detached Parts of the settled Estates of the Right Honourable Thomas Lord Le Dc- spencer, in the County of Kent, in him and his Heirs, and for substituting and settling other Estates of greater Value, and more convenient to be held with the Bulk of the

said

XXV

(Local 6? Personal, )48° GEO. III.

said settled Estates, in lieu thereof, and in Exchange for the fame. kJage 656

kxiii. An Act for vesting the detached Estates, deviled by the Will the late Henry Hervey Aston, Esquire, in Truilecs, upon Trull to sell the same, and to lay out the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates. Ibid.

hxiv. An Act for enabling John William Spicer, Esquire, to grant Building Leases of Lands in the Punlh of Saint Mary Newington Butts, in the County of Surrey, for Terms of Years not exceeding Ninety-nine Years. Ibid.

hxv. An Act for efteftuating an Exchange between Thomas Wiliam Coke, Esquiret and the Trustees of his settled Estates. Ibid.

lxxvi. An Act for vesting certain Manors, Rents, ami Tythes, in the Counties of Wcjlnr.rland and Cumberland, Part of the Estates settled ly the Will of Sir Lyon A Wright

Fletcher, Baronet, deceased, in Truilecs, to be sold, and to enable the Devisees under the fame Will to eufranchise certain customary Estates holden of several Manors in the said Counties, settled by the fame Will, and for applying Part of the Money ^riling from such Sales and Enfranchise-ments in pajing oft certain Legacies given by the said Will, and veiling the Remainder in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses. Ibid.

lxxvii. An Act for enabling the Governor and Directors of the Hospital for Poor French Protestants and their Defendants residing in Great Britain> to grant such Part of the Scite of the Buildings and the Lands belonging to the said Hospital, or such Part thereof as they shall think proper, upon Building Leases. 657

hxviii. An Act for inclufing Lands in the Manor of KMy Lonsdale, in the County of We/hnorland. Ibid.

lixix. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Chip-ping Milton and Ribchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

lm. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Bawdef-we.'!and Ling, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

hxxi. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Scaster, in the County of Lincoln. Ibid.

hxxii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Rothbury, mhe County of Northumberland. Ibid.

lxxxhi. Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Abergele, in the County of Hid.

kxxiv. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Bodham, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

lxxxv. An Act for dividing Lands in the Parish of Wickleavood, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

lxxxvi. An Act for forming, paving, and otherwise improving certain Streets and other publick Passages and Places, in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Mid diefx. Ibid.

hxxvii. An Act for lighting, watching, and regulating the Streets and Lanes, and other publick Pullages and Places, in the Town of Beverley, in the County of York* Ibid.

Uxxviii. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Hundreds of Westbury, Warminster, Bryusbury, and Damtrham South, in the county of Wilts, t / Hid.

liT\ix. An Act for the better and more easy rebuilding of the Town of Chudleigh, in the County of Devon; for determining Differences touching Hotifes demolished by the late Fire there; and for preventing future Danger by Fire. Ibid.

xc. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for re-pa.ring the Road from tiic Bottom of Church Lane, in the Tivvvu of Newcastle-under-Lvue, in the county of Stafford, to the Road from /Poor to Cinder, near Namptrvich, in the County of Chester, and other Roads therein mentioned.

57

xci. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Rotherham to The Four Lane Ends, near Wortley, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Hid.

xcii. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Romford and Whitechapel Road, to or near to Tilbury Fort, in the County of Essex. Ibid.

xciii. An Act for vesting in new Trustees certain Estates and Property in Ireland, of the Right Honourable Walter Earl of Ormonde and OJfjry in Ireland, and Baron Butler ill England, which have not been Lid or disposed of under and by virtue of Two Acts of Parliament, made in the Thirty-fifth and Forty-tifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty. 658

xciv. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Stone, iru the County of Stafford. Ibid.

xcv. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Marllen9 Sutton Saint Michael, Sutton S ant Nicholas, and Withington^ and certain Chapelries, Township, and Parishes adjacent thereto, in the County of Hereford- Ibid.

*cvi. An Act to enable the Commercial Insurance Company of Dublin to sue, and be sued, in the Name of their. Secretary. Ibid.

xcvii. An Act for making more effectual Provision for maintaining, regulating, and employing the Poor of the Parish of Saint Luke, in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

xcviii. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parish of Ashton-under-Lyne, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and within the Townshipi of Stay Icy, and other Places therein mentioned, in the County Palatine of CLJler. Ibid.

xcix. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Surrey Canal to supply with Water the several Towns, Dill rifts, and Places therein mentioned, and t<\ amend the several Acts relating to the said Canal. Ibid.

c. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts for repairing the Road from Saint Giles's Poundto Killourne Bridge, and for making a new Road from the great Northern Road at Islington to the Edge ware Road near Paddington, in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

ci. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Brighthelmstone Road at Pyccombt to the CuckfiAd Road at Stapltfield Common, and from Pyecombe to the Henfield Road at Poytiings Common, in the County of Sufex. Ibid.

ci: . An Act for empowering Trustees to tell and convrv the Freehold and Copyhold Estates devised by the Will of John Crofter, Esquire, deceased, and to lay out the Money anting by the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses. Ibid.

ciii. An Act Lr regulating the Proceedings in the Courts Baton of the Manure of ShtjfulddvA Ecclesill, in the County of York. - Ibid.

civ. An Act for rebuilding the Pier, and for improving the Harbour of Berwick-upon-l zveed. Ibid.

cv. An Act for continuing, altering, and enlarging the Powers of io much of an Act of H.s present Majesty, as relates to making effectual the Statute Labour in the Shire of Invtrrufs, and lev\ inga Convcrlion of Money in lieu thereof, and otherwise regulating, making, and repairing Highways and Bridges in the said Shire. 659

cvi. An Act to continue Two Acts of the Parliament of Ireland, for the Improvement of the Harbour of Drogheda. Ibid.

cvii. An Act for enabling the Justices of the Peace for the E a Hern Division of the County of Sussex, to takedown the'd2^t prclent

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

prefect Shire Hall or Sessions House in the Town of Lewes, and for enatEng them to build another Shire Hall or Scflicv.s I louie in a more convenient Situation within the fa; d Town. ptlgC 699

cviii. An Act for rendering' more eftcdual an Act of His preler.t Majesty, for draining certain Lowlands lying on both Sides the River Witham, in the County of Lincoln; and for redoring the Navigation of the said River from the High Bridge v.i llic City of Lincolk, to the Sea. Ibid.

cix. An Act to amend ami enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty, for the more ealy and specdv R»*covery of Small Debts in the Town and County of the Town of Kin flon-upon-Hnil. Ibid.

cx. An Act for the more rafy and fpcedv Recovery of Small Debts within the Township of /Volverhmrpton, and in several Pari flics and Places therein mentioned, in the County of Stafford. Ibid.

cxi. An Act for altering and amending an Act of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge over the River Thames at Henley upon Whames, in the County of Oxford. Ibid.

cxii. An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts for repairing the Road from Lander, in the Shire of Berwick, to and through Kelso, in the Shire of Roxburgh, to the Marchhurn. Ibid.

-Xxiii. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road leading from the Town of Stamford, to the Division Stone in South With dm, in the County of Lincoln. , b. Ibid.

cxiv. An Act for continuing the Term of an Act for repairing the Road from Merlin's Bridge to Pembroke Ferry, in the County of Pembroke. 660

£Xv. An Act for effecting the Sale of certain Eilatcs devised by the Will of the Right Honourable Edward late Lord Thurlow, and for laying out the Money to arise by such Sales in the Purchase of other Estates, and for settling the same to the Uses of his Lordship's Will. Ibid.

£ % v\. An Act for enabling the Mailer, Warden, Fellows, Brethren, Sifters, and Scholars of the College of Gods Gift in DulwieJ.>, in the County of Surrey, to grant a Lease or Leases of certain Estates belonging to the lame College, in the said County, pursuant to an Agreement entered into for that Purpose 5 and also to grant Building Leases of other Parts of the fame Estates, and for other Purposes therein-mentioned. ibid.

xvii. An Act for vesting certain Estates in the Counties of Warwick, Middlesex, and Montgomery, late of the Right Honourable Robert Earl of Catherlough, deceased, in Trustees, in Trull to be sold, and for investing the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the subsisting Uses of the Will of the said Robert Earl of Catherlongh, and for other Purposes therein-mentioned. Ibid.

/: xviii. An Act for enabling the Trustees under the Will of William Banhes, Esquire, deceased, to change the Order of Sale of the Real Estates, late of the said William Panics, and for enabling the Devisees under the Will of the said William Banhes, to grant Leases of such Part of his Estates as shall remain unfold. Ibid.

/rxix. An Act for vesting Part of the settled and devised

Estates of Sir John William De la Pole, Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, For Sale, and fur settling the remaining Part of the said settled and devised Estates in the Manner therein mentioned. Ibid.

{tax. An Act to enable the Trustees of the Will of Thomas Peter Legh, Esquire, deceased, to grunt building and repairing Leases of certain Estates in the Parish of IVarring-ton, and in the Township 0fJJIeakley near Manchester, in the County of Laneasler, and to accept Surrenders, and for ap.

pointing of new Trustees, and for other Purposes. Pa«e 6fo exxi. An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act made in the Firil Year of the R; : gn of His late Mrj.'fty King George the Second, intituled, Sin Jltl to perpetuate and bitter regulate the Chari.'ajie Foundation of Doctor Nathaniel Foy, late Lord Bishop of Waterford and Lift: .ore, in the City of Wateriord, and for other Purposes therein mentioned. - Hid.

cxxii. An Act for appointing new Trull>es for carrying int Execution the Trulls and Powers contained in the Settlement executed on the Marriage of John si nip h left Esquire, with Eliza Sinn his Wife. Ibid.

cxxiii. An Act to enable Nathaniel Lee Helen Esquire, and others, to grant Building Leases of Lands at and near Hackney, in the County of Middlesex, devised by the Will of the late Bap'.ijl Lee Esquire. Hid.

cxxiv. An Act for .veiling the Share of Thomas Knight Cook an Infant, of and in the Estates late of the Reverend Thomas Knight Clerk, deceased, in Trustees upon Trull, to carry the-Contract* entered into for the Sale thereof into Execution, or otherwise to sell and dispose of the fame, and for investing the Money to arise therefrom under the Direction of the Court of Chancery in the Purchase of other Lands to be conveyed to the Use of him the said Thomas Knight Cook, and his Heirs. Ibid.

cxxv. An Act for confirming and rendering valid and effectual an Exchange made in the Year One thousand seven hundred and sixty-two, between William Alcllish Esquire, deceased, and Charles Mcliff: Esquire, his eldest Son, also deceased, and the Vicar of Blyth, in the County of Nottingham, of Lands and Hereditaments of the said William Meilish and Charles Meilish, in the Parish of Blyth, for a small Part of the Glebe belonging to the said Vicarage. Ibid.

cxxvi. An Act to enable John Holton Were, Devisee for his own Life in Possession of certain Freehold and Copyhold Estates situateat or near Kilburn in the Parish of Hampstead, in tilt? County of Middlesex, under and by virtue of the Will and Codicil of Ilollon Were late of Saint Martin's Lane, in the said County of Middlesex, Gentleman, deceased, to grant Building Leases of the fame Estates for any Term not exceeding the Term of Ninety-nine Years. 661

cxxvii. An Act for enabling Sir Oswald Mojley Baronet, to grant certain Lands and Hereditaments in the Parish of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Laneasler, for the Purposes of the Manchester publick Infirmary, Dispensary, Lunatick Hospital, and Asylum, and for wring the Property and ElTcds belonging to the said Charity in Trustees for the Benefit thereof. Ibid.

cxxviii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Wailing* ton, in the County of Oxford. Ibid.

cxxix. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Hathersage, in the County of Derby. Ibid.

cxxx. An Act for allotting Lands in the Parish of Chcrtfry and Manor of Chertsey Beomov.d, in the County of Surrey.

Hid.

cxxxi. An Act for inclosing Lands in fhat Part of the Parish of Saint /ifaph, in the Counties of Flint and Denbigh, which is not within the Franciiife of Rhuddlan, in the said County of Flint. Ibid.

cxxrii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Horton, in the County of Stafford. Ibid.

cxxxiii An Act for allotting and inclosing the Forest or Chase of C harnwood, otherwise Chat ley cm. or Chafe and Roth Icy Plain, in the County of Leiccjhr. Ibid.

cxxxiv. An Act for inclosing Lands in the several Manors of Kingston-upon-Thames and Imworth, otherwise Imbercourt, 7 in

[Local G? Persona!, ) 48° GEO. III. xxvii

in the County of Surrey, and for felling Part of such Lands for the Purpose of providing a Court House and Market Hou fe for t he said To wn. Page 661

cxxxv. An Act forinclolino Lands in the Parish of Chechley, in the County of Stafford. I Lid

cxxxvi. An Act to amend Two Acts, 10 far as relate to sup-plyinjj the City of Londonderry with Water, improving the Harbour of the said City, and the Regulation of Pilots and Vessels tiling the fame; and for extending the Jurisdictionof the Court held in the said City for the Recovery of Small Debts. Hid.

cxxxvii. An Add for supplying with "Water the Inhabitants of the Borough of Colche/ler, ^in the County of Effrx. Ibid.1 cxxxviii. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts of His present Majesty, ior amending the Road from near Milford, through I/aJhmere, to the Portsmouth Road between Lip pock and Rake, in the Counties of Surrey, Su/fex, and 'Jo nth amt* Ion. 662

cxxxix. An Act for repairing the Roads from Tavrrnfpite to the Towns of Pembroke and 7enby, and to Iluhberston Euling, and from Lovflon Mountain to Canaston Bridge, in the County of Pembroke. Ibid.

cxl. An Act for carrying into Execution an Agreement entered into between the Honourable and Right Reverend Janes Lord Bishop of Ely and John Tharp the Elder, of Chippenham Park, in the County of Cambridge, Esquire, for the Exchange of the Advowson of the Rectory of Snaitwell, in the County of Cambridge, Part of the PoffelTions of the See of Ely, for the Rectory of Bur gate, in the County of Suffolk, vetted in the said John Tharp. Ibid.

CxlL An Act for vesting the settled Estates of the Right Honourable Philip Earl of Hardwicke, situate in ther County of Gloucester, in Trustees, upon Trust, as to certain Parts which have been contracted to be sold, to convey the same to the respective Purchasers, and as to the Residue, in Trust to sell the same, and for investing the Purchase Monies, under the Direction of the Eligh Court of Chancery, in other Estates to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses. Ibid.

alii. An Act for altering'and enlarging the Powers of several Acts, passed in the Thirty-fifth, Forty-fourth, and Forty-fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enabling the Lord Bishop of London to grant a Lease, with Powers of Renewal, of Lands in the Parish of Paddington, in the County of Middle/.x, for the Purpose of building upon. Ibid.

Cxliii. An Act for vesting in Trustees, the Personal Estate of the Reverend Richard Daniel, Matter of Arts in the Uni-icrfity of Dublin, and making them a Corporation for the Purposes of carrying into Effect the charitable Delignsand Intentions of the Will of the said Richard Daniel. Ibid.

cxliv. An Act for vesting the Fee Simple of the Estates deviled by the Will nt Edward Car./well, Gentleman, deceased, iu Trustees for the charitable Purposes therein mentioned. Ibid.

cxlv. An Act to amend Two Acts passed in Ireland, for the better L iucation of IVrfous proiclung the Roman Catholick

Religion, and for the better Government of tV.e Seminary established at May north for the Education of such lVrfous, so far as relates to the Purchase of Lands and compounding Suits. Page 662

cxlvi. An Act for supplying the Town and Parish of Woolwich, in the County of Kent, with Water, and for amending so mifch ef an Act of the last Session a3 relates to the EreClion of a Market I loufe in the said Town. Ibid.

cxlvii. An Act for repairing the Road from Milford to Sit 'inton and to MuTm's Bridge, and from tlier.ee to CarlL* Bridge, and to the Top of Merlin's Hill, in tire County of Pembroke. Ibid.

cxlviii. An Act for inclefing Lards in the Borough of I co-minster, in the County of Hereford, and in the Township of Luston, in the Parish of Eye, in the said County; and for paving, and otherwise improving the Streets and other publick Places within the Town of Leominster, in the said County. II; J.

cxlix An Act for effectuating an Exchange between the President and Scholars of St. John Baptjft College, in the University of Oxford, and Christopher Hull of So offer ay, in the County of Kent, Esquire. Ibid.

cl. An Act to confirm and render valid and effectual a Partition of divers La ids and Hereditaments in the Counties of Carlow and Kildare, in Ireland, formerly the Estates of Jeffery Paul Esquire, deceased. Ibid.

cli. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates of Paulin Hugget, an Infant, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Morey arising therefrom in Part Discharge of certain Incumbrances charg 'd thereon. Ibid.

clii. An A oft for melding Lands in the Parish of Kirk Srneatcn, in the West Riding of the County of York. 663 cliii. An Act forinclofirg Lands in the Borough and Parish of Tezvhesbury, in the County of Gloucester, and for vesting the After or Latter Math of a Meadow called Severn Ham, within the said Borough and Parish, in Trustees for certain Purposes. Ibid.

cliv. An Act for exchangW Part of the settled Estates of the Right Honourable Francis Earl of Moira, situate in England, for Part of the Estates of the Right Honourable Flora Mure, Countess of Loudoun, his Wife, situate in Scotland, including the Castle of Loudoun. Ibid.

civ. An Act for vesting an Estate called Kiilingworth Farm, in the County of Northumberland, being an Fllate deviled by the Will of Thomas Bonner esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of Legacies, and for laying out the Reliduc of the Money in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses. Ibid.

clvi. An Act for vesting in Samuel Robert Gauffer, of North Minims, in the County of Hertford, Eiqniie, a Messuage and Farm, with the Appurtenances, iu North Aidants aforesaid, and for applying the Money to arise thereby in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses as the Estate fold. Ibid.

clvii. An Act to prevent the Right of Presentation to the Rectory and Parish Church of Simonburn, in the County of Northumberland, from lapsing for a limited Time. I lid.

xxviii The TI TLE S of the STATUTES,

LCCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

NOT PRINTED.

1. AN Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Anttejley,

in the County of Nottingham.

[ si ml for making Compensation fur Tithes."]

2. , An Act for ir.closing Lands in the Township of Aid-brot/gh, in the County of York.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

3. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Ffing-ton, and Parish of Buflbury, in the County of Stafford.

4. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Harltai, in

the County of Cambridge.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.']

5. An Act for wch/fnig Lauds in the Parish of West Tarring, and the Precincts thereof, in the County of Sffx.

6* An Act for vesting certain Lands belonging to the Right Honourable William ICyndham Lord Grenville, and Ann Baroness Grenville, his Wife, and a Purfonage House to be built on the said Lauds, in the Rector for the Time being of the u lited Parishes of Boconuoc and Braddock, in the County of Cornwall, in Exchange for the Parsonage Hotffe of Boronnoc, and certain Glebe Lands belonging to that Part of the said united Parishes called Boronnoc.

7. An Act for empowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to fell such Parts and Portions of the entailed Estate of Cull can, and other Hereditaments, situated in the County of Ayr, which belonged to, and were entailed by David, late Earl of Ca/fl/is, deceased, as shall be sufficient for Payment of the Debts contracted by him and feis Predecessors, 11: 11 owing and affecting, or which may be made to affect the said entailed Ellate; and for creating a Fund for the Purchase of other Lands and Heritages to be entailed in lieu of the Parts and Portions so fold.

9. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Clophill, in the County of Bedford.

[ And for making Compenfiti.n for Tithes.]

9. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of.FetherJlom, in the Parishes of Haltwhistle and Lamley, in the County of No rthuni V rland.

10. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Llan-guntirg and I Jar. fie, 'h.111, in the County of Carmarthen.

11. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Jfell, in the County of Cumberland.

[And for making Compnfaiion for Tithes.]

12. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Tivctshall ISaint Margaret, and live flail Saint Mary, in the County of Norfolk*.

13. An Act for inclosing Lands in OrlingLury, in the County of Northampton.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes. J

14. An Act for inclosing Lands in lrthlingborough, in the County of Northampton.

[And for waking Compensation for Tithes.]

15. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Quarnt otheruife Quarndon, in the County of Derby.

16. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Pdriihes of Bronte, Oakley, Tbrandejton, l axity, and Eye, in the County of Suffolk.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.J

17. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Priorf-

dran and Colmar, otherwise Cdemon, in the County of Southampton* v

18. An Act to enable the Reverend Thomas d Btchett, and his Issue Male, to take the Name, and bear the Arms of Turner, pursuant to the Will of Martha Turner, Widow* deceased.

19. An Act for naturalizing Charles Frederick Pnfchoud.

20. ^11 Act for empowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to fell such Parts of the entailed Eiiatej of Carbifon and Pitcairly, in the Counties of Ayr and Fife, in Scotland, belonging to James Cat heart, Efcjuire, as shall be sufficient for Payment of the Debts affecting the same.

21. An Act to amend an Act of His present Majesty for inclosing and draining Lands within the Honor, Manor*, and Parish of Wonmgay, in the County of Norfolk.

22. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Luton, in the County of Bedford.

23. An Act for inclosing North Heath Common, in the Parish of Pulborough, \u the County of Sussex.

24. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Bredon, iiv. the County of Worcester.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes."]

25. An Act to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Carlmel, -in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

26. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Easing--wold, in the North Riding of the County of York.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

27. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Township of Carlton, in the Parish of Coverham, in the North Riding of the County of York.

28. An Act for inclosing Lands in the several Township or Liberties of Womborn, Orton, and Swindon, in the Parish.

of IVomborn, in the County of Stafford.

29. An Act for inclosing Lands in Blisworth, in the County, of Northampton.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

30. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Swinflcad, in the County of Huntingdon.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

31. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Winter bourn* IVafle, otherwise Monckton, in the County of Dorset.

32. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Winterbourne Albas, in the County of Dorset.

33. An Act for inclosing Lancs in the Parish of Hankerton, in the County of Wilts.

34. An Act for inclosing, and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Parishes of Strdley and Biiboruugh, in the County of Nottingham.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

35'. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Pari lb of Byford, in the County of Hereford.

36. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Bolton, in the County of Well morel and.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

37. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Cley next the Sea, and Field Dolling, in the County of Norfolk.

38. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Pari ill of Iiarlington, in the County of Bedford.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

39- An

XXIX

[Local & Personal not pri, ) 48° GEO. III.

32. An Act to a ter, amend, and explain an Act of His present Majesty, fur inclosing Lands in the Parish of LI an-da'ioL-n, in the County of Carnarvon,

4: . An Act for ineloiingLands in the Parish of Chute, in the County of H itts,

41. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Ashman-iau: h, in the County of Norfolk,

42. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Neal if lt'an\ in the County of Norfolk,

43. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of North Ha /A m and Ft!wing ham, in the County erf Norfolk.

*4. An Act for inclosing Lands in t!ie Parish of Ujhopfirow, ju the County of I Hilts; and also a Common Pallure, called Pursue!, in the said Parish, and the Parishes of War- riin Vr, Norton Havant, and Sutton Ft tty, in the said County.

45. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Upton-cum-Clairtx, in the County of Buckingham.

4/5. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Hamlet of Aston Cpd.rpe, and in the Parish of Aston TirrolJ, in the County of Berks.

4; . An Act for inclosing Lands in Great Croglin, in' the Courty ct Cumberland.

48. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Claxton and R Aland, in the County of Norfolk.

49. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Codford Saint Peter, in the County of I Vi Its.

p. An Act for naturalizing John Henry S'sin. p. An Act for naturalizing John Frederick Ujko. p. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Satgh-ton, in the County Palatine of Che/nr.

53. n Act for inclosing Lands in the Pari flu*', of Deer-kafl and Lyei otherwise Leigh, in the County of Gloucester. [And fir making Compensation for Tithes.]

p. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Lang-frtl, in the Counties of Berks and Oxford; or one of

them.

55. An Act for embanking the Salt Marshes in the Parishes of Frifoti and Butterwick, in the County of Lincoln, and for inclosing the fame, and other Lands within the said Parishes.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

Vt. An Act for vesting the settled Estates of John Ingle and Margaret his Wife, in Trustees to be sold, and for laving out the Monies thence arising in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses as the Estates fold.

5; . An Act for enabling the Heirs of Entail in Possession for the Time being of the Lands and Ellate of Rothemur-ckus, in the County of Inverntfs, North Britain, under the Authority of the Court of Session, to contmft for the Sale of the Fir Woods growing thereon, and for the better Execution and Fulfilment of the Powers and Conditions contused in the Deed of Entail affecting the said Lands, and Bate.

58. An Act for altering and amending an Act of His present Majesty, for inclosing Lands in the Township of Fullourn, in the County of Cambridge.

39. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of IVeiref.ey, in the County of Huntingdon, and for allotting Lands in the Pa; ith of Gamlingay, in the County of Cambridge.

60. An Act for allotting and dividing Lands in the Pariflt

of Girtcn, in the County of Cambridge.

61. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Fyling* dales, in the County of York.

62. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Wfl Markham, in the County of Nottingham.

[And jar making Compensation for Tithes.']

63. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Paufli of Portchef.crf otherwise Porchester, in the County of Southampton

6+. An Act to alter and amend an Act, putrid in the Thirty* seventh Year of His present Majesty, for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Township of Hilh.vi, in the Parish of Monk FryJ/on, in the West. Riding of the County of l'ork.

65. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor or Parish of

Skcgby, in the County of Nottingham

£.Allotment to the King in Con: /erf a lion of his Title in right of the Crown, to Herbage, Covert and Layer fur his Dtcr and B.acts in his Forcfl of Sherwood, over toe humor ot Parish of Skegby ]

66. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Tregrug, in the County of Monmouth.

67. An Act for allotting Lands in the Parishes of Fulrnodfieri with Croxtcn, Stibbard, JAtile Ryburgh, and Great Ryburgh, ir. the County of Norfolk.

68. An Act to amend an Act of His present Majesty, for inclosing a certain Warren called Sheffield Warren, in the

- Parish of SheffieldEnglifk, in the County of Southampton.

69. An Act for naturalizing Albertina Haafe and Sophia Haafe.

70. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Ganflon, in the County of Nottingham.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

71- An Act for inclosing Lands in the several Parishes of IAanbedrog, Llanfhangel, Bachelltth, Llangiun, and Llan* ieflyn, in the County of Carnarvon.

72. An Act for vesting the Real, Freehold, and Chattel Estates and Lands, which formerly belonged to Willie, tit Birmingham, late of R of shill, in the County of Gal wry, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of his Debts and Lagncies, and for laying out the Surplus of the Monies arising from such Sale or Sales, after Payment of such Debts and Legacies, in the Purchase of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Ireland, to be limited and settled to the several Uses and upon the Trulls therein mentioned.

73. An Act to enable the Executrix and Executors in Trust: of the Will of Alexander Deant to grant Leases of Lands and Grounds in* the City of Cork, and in the Liberties of the said City, and to apply the Rents and Profits thereof to the Uses of the said Will.

74. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Ardingtcn, in the County of Berks, and in the several Parishes, Tytli-ings, cr Hamlets of East I lend red, Wtjl llendred, F.nfl Lockings, West Loslinge, and St'eventon, in the same County.

75. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Little Somerford, in the County of Wilts.

76. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of the Reverend Charles Majfy with Mary Anne Rofslewin his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposea therein mentioned.

77. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of South Cernry» in the County of Glousester.

A

TABLE

Containing THE TITLES of all

the statutes,

Pafied in the THIRD Session of the FOURTH Parliament

O F

The United Kingdom of Great Britain and

49 GEORGE III.

PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS.

). A N kBt for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Milt, Sugar, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain; and on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates in Enjlan<t\ for the Strvice of the Year One thousand eight hundred and nine. P<*ge 665

7. An Act for raising the Sum of Ten Millions fire hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and nine. 675

3. An Act for raising the Sum of One Million five hundred

thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and nine. Ibid.

4. An Act to alloar a certain Proportion of the Militia of Great Britain, to enlist voluntarily into the Regular Force. Ibid.

5. An Act to allow a certain Proportion of the Militia in

Ireland voluntarily to enlist in: o His Majesty's Regular Force*. 676

6. An Act for the Relief of Prisoners in Custody for Non-

payment of Money pursuant to Orders of Courts of Equity. Ibid.

J. An Act to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain, in the United Kingdom, for a limited Tune. Ibid.

t. An Act to suspend the Importation of British or Irish made Spirts into Great Britain, or Ireland reiprdively, until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine. 677

). An Act to grant Bounties on the Importation of Flax Seed into Ireland from Great Britain, until the Eighth Day of jfpriJ One thousand eight hundred and nine; and to amend the Laws for the Regulation of the Linen Ma-nufadure in Ireland^ so far ai relates to Importer! of Flax Seed. Ibid.

49 Geo. III.

10. An Act to continue so much of an Act of the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, as allows a Bounty upon double refined Sugar exported, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven; and so much of the same Act a a allow r a Bounty on Raw Sugar exported, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten. Page 678

11. An Act for further continuing, until the Twenty fifth

Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, certain Bounties and Drawbacks on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain; and for suspending the Countervailing Duties and Bounties on Sugar when the Duties irrposed by an Act of the Forty*sixth Year of His present Majesty shall be suspendtd. Ibid.

12. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters. Ibid.

13. An Act for the more efKdually preventing the forging

of Bank Notes, Bank Bills of Exchange, and Bank Ib.tfc Bill*, and the Negociation of forged and counterfeited Bank Notes, Bank Bills of Exchange, and Bank Pod Bills, of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland. 685,

14. An Act for repealing an Act of the Parliament of

Scotland, relative to Child Murder $ and for making other Provisions in iieu thereof. Ibid.

15. An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the Times limited for those Purposea respectively, until the Twmty-firth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten; and 10 permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the fame on* or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and ten. 6$6

C V

XXXII

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

10. An Act to allow the Importation of Rum and other Spirits from the Island of Bermuda into the Province of Lower Canada, without Payment of Duty, on the fame Terms and Conditions as such Importation may be made direct'y from His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in the West Indies. PaSc 686

17. An Act to authorize His Majesty, during the present

War, to make Regulations respecting the Trade and Commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope. Ibid.

18. An Act for continuing until the Twenty-fifth Day of

March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, several Acts for the free Importation of Cochineal and Indigo; and until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, an Act of the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, to permit the Exportation of Wool from the British Plantations in America. Ibid.

19. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal

Marine Forces while on Shore. 687

10. An Act to make perpetual several Laws relating to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures; to the allowing the Importation of Rape Seed, and other Seeds used for extracting Oil, whenever the Prices of middling British Rape Seed shall be above a certain Limit; to the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in His Majesty's Plantations in America; and for amending and making perpetual several Laws relating to the preventing the ciandtstine running of Goods., and the Danger of Infection thereby; and to the allowing the Importation of Seal Skins cured with Foreign Salt free of Duty. 689

21. An Act for granting Annuities to discharge certain Exchequer Bills. Ibid.

T2. An Act for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain >Goods and Commodities into and from the Port of Falmouth in the Island of Jamaica* Ibid.

23. An Act for further continuing until the Twenty fifth

Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, an Act made in the Thirty.ninth Year of His present Majesty, for prohibiting the Exportation from and permitting the Importation to Great Britain of Corn; and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision without Payment of Duty. Ibid.

24. An Act for charging with Duty Spent Wash, re-dif-

tilled in Great Britain. 690

25. An Act to permit, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, the Importation of Tobacco into Great Britain, from any Place whatever. Ibid.

26. An Act for allowing until the Twenty-fifth Day of

March One thousand eight hundred and ten, the Importation of certain Fish from Parts of the Coast of His Majesty's North American Colonies; and for granting a Bounty thereon. Ibid.

27. An Act for establishing Courts of Judicature in the

Island of Newfoundland and the Islands adjacent; and for re-annexing Part of the Coast of Labrador and the Islands lying on the said Coast to the Government of Newfoundland. 691

28. An Act to enable the Clerks of the King's Coroner and

Attorney in the Court of King's Bench to be admitted as Attornies. 694

29. An Act for the Appropriation of Twenty thousand

Pounds out of the Consolidated Fund of Irelandt towards the Encouragement of the laving of Flax Seed for lowing in Ireland. 695

30. An Act to continue until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, certain Acts lor regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland, and for warthoufing in

Ireland, Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations.

Pa*e 69$

31. An Act to continue until the Twenty-fifeh Day of

March One thousand eight hundred and fen, an Act of the Forty first Year of H; s present Majesty, for prohibiting the Exportation from Ireland, and for permitting the Importation into Ireland, Duty free, of Corn and other Provisionc. Ibid.

32. An Act for continuing and making perpetual several Duties of One Shilling and Sixpence, repealed by*an Act of the la ft Session of Parliament, on Offices and Employments of Profit, and on Annuities, Ptnfiona, and Stipends, and thereby granted for One Year to the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine. Ibid.

33. An Act to grant an Excise Duty on Spirits made or distilled from Sugar in Ireland\ during the Prohibition of Dili illation from Corn or Grain there, in lieu of the Excise Duty, now chargeable thereon, and to allow a Draw, back on the Export thereof to Foreign Parts. 69$

34. An Act to permit the Registry at Malta of Ships taken

as Prize. Ibid.

35. An Act for the more convenient Payment of Pensions to

Widows of Officers of the Navy. 699

36. An Act to amend an Act made in the Forty-fifth Year

of H: s present Majesty, for amending and rendering more effectual an Act of the Parliament of I reland> for erecting and establishing Public Infirmaries or Hospitals. 701

37. An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid

to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers. 702

38. An Act for further continuing until the Twenty-fifth

Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eleven, an Act made in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland\ Ibid.

39. An Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of such Lands and Hereditaments as have been purchased for better securing His Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Portsmouth; and for extending the Lines and Works at Dover 5 in pursuance of an Act made in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty. Ibid.

40. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to establish a permanent Local Militia Force, under certain Restrictions, for the Defence of the Realm. Ibid.

4r. An Act to amend an Act made in the Forty eighth. Year of His present Majesty, to provide that British Ship* captured by the Enemy, becoming the Property of British Subjects, shall not be entitled to the Privilege of British Ships. 705

42. An Act for better regulating the Publick Records of

Scotland. 7 06

43. An Act for regulating the Mode in which the Average

Price of Brown or Muscovado Sugar, exclusive of the Duty thereon, is to be ascertained under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty. 709.

44. An Act to permit Goods brought in as Prize, and re-

ffored by the Court of Admiralty, or which have been seized as Droits, and so restored, to be sold or transferred within this Kingdom, without paying the Home Consumption Duty. 710

45. An Act for more conveniently paying of Allowances on the Compassionatc Lift of the Navy, and of Half Pay to Officers of the Royal Marines. Ibid.

46. An Act to authorize the principal Officers of the Cuf-

toms in tht British Colonies and Plantations in America and the West Indies, to examine Witnesses on Oath. 712

47- A.

xxxiii

(Public General, ) 490 GEO. III.

47. Aa AA to -permit certain Article#, the Growth, Pro-

duction, or Manufacture of Europe, to be laden and shipped on board Ships arriving with British North American Produce, and Fish taken by Settler* in the British Nrtb American Colonies, at any Port of Europe, in order to be exported to the principal Ports in the British Colonies and Plantations in North America, Pag* 713

48. An Act to amend and render more cffeAual an Act,

paired in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to establish a permanent Local Militia Force in Scotland, under certain Rcftnctions, for the Defence of the Realir. 714

49. An Act to authorize His Majesty to permit, until the T#cQty-Hfch Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, any Goods and Commodities to be imported into and exported from Nova Scotia and New Brtmjwick, in any Ship or Vessel whatsoever. 7 \ y

50. An Act to amend so much of an Act mide in the Thirty -

fevmlh Year of His present Majesty, for granting to His M.ijc!?y certain Stamp Duties, as relates to the Limitation according to which the Discount on Newspapers is regulated. I bill.

51. An Act to continue until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and ten, and amend certain AA* fov appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities. Perquisites, and Emoluments received in several Public Offices in Ireland; to examine into any Abuses which may exii in the fame, and into the Mode of receiving, colUAng, issuing, and accounting for public M>ney in Ireland. yi6

52. An Act for raising the Sum of S'X Millions, by Exchequer B lls, fer the Srrvice of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and nine. Ibid.

53. An Act for completing the Militia of Great Britain. Ibid.

54. An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors ir< Ireland. 7 24

55. An Act for rcAifying Mistakes in the Names of the Commissioners appointed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament for appointing Commdfioners for carrying into Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions and Offices in England, tnd an Act, made in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raifrd in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand ftvtn hundred and ninety-eight, and for appointing other Commissioners together with those named in the first mentioned AA, to puc in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Milt, Sugar, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain, and on Pentions, Offices, and Personal Estates in England, for the Service of the Year Ooe thousand eight hundred and nine, also the said Act made in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty and for indemnifying such Persons as have aAcd as Commissioncn for executing the said Acts. 725

56. An Act for completing the Militia of Ireland. Ibid.

57. An Act for improving the Quality of Beer in Ireland, by further preventing the Use of unmalted Com, or of any deleterious or unwholesome Ingredients therein, and for the better securing the Collection of the Malt Duties in Ireland. 726

58. An Act to explain and render more effcAual an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland io the Thirty-sixth Year of Hi» present Majesty's Reign, for the Encouragement and Relief of Friendly Societies. 729

59. An Act to permit the Trade between Great Britain and the United States of America to be carried on in Ships or Vessefe belonging to the Inhabitants of the said States. 730

4

60. An Act for allowing the Importation from any Port in Europe or Africa, of Good3 or Commodities the Growth or Produce of any Country, unril Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace. Page 7.JO

61. An Act for making Sugar and Coffee of Martinique and

Mariegalanle liable to Duty on Importation as Sugar and Coffee not of the British Plantations. Ibid.

62. An Act to amend several Acts for the Prevention of

Smuggling; for better securing the Duties on Coals, Culm, ard Cinders; and for permitting the Exportation of Salt, Pepper, and Wine from Gutrtj'cy or JerJty to Sark, in small Packages. Ibid.

63. An Act for repealing the Duties on the Materials used

in making Spread Window Glass and Crown Glass, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for the better Collection of the said Duties. 733

64. An Act to amend an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament for enabling the Commissionera for the Reduction of the National Debt to grant Life Annuities. 738

63. An Act for giving JuriidiAion to J11IIices of the Peace to hear and determine Profcculions for Penalties incurred by any Offence against the Laws relating to the Revenue of Customs; and also requiring all Goods, cutlomable and not exciseable, seized by any Police or Peace Officer, to be brought to the Custom-House Warehouse in London, within a certain Period. 739

66. An Act for the Abolition of certain Holiday#, and for

altering and extending the Time for keeping open the Chief Office of Excil'e. 741

67. An Act to amrnd an Act passed in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for the Red. motion and Sale of the Land Tax, and to make further Provision for exonerating small Livings and Charitable Institutions from the Land Tax. 742

68. An Act to explain and amend the Law of Bastardy, so far as relates to indemnifying ParisheR in respect thereof. 743

69. An Act to irdemn'fy Persons who have inadvertently

printed, published, or difoerfeJ Paper* or Books without a full Dcfeription of the Place of AbHe of the Pi inters thereof, from Penalties incurred under an Act of the Thirty-ninth Year of His Majesty's Reign. 743

70. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, to enable His Majesty's Postmaller General of Ireland to purchase Premises t*>r the Enlargement of the General Poll Office in the C tv of

1 Dublin. Ilul.

71. An Act for raising the Sum of Fourteen Miliums Six

hundred thousand Pounds by way of Annuities. Ibid.

72. An Act to continue until the Twenty-fifth Day of

March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, certain Acts of the Parliament of Ireland, for the Improvement of the City of Dublin, by making wide and convenient Passages through the fame, and for regulatirg the Coal Trade thereof, and for other Purposrs. Ibid.

73. An Act to grant to His Majesty Duties upon Spirits mad# or distilled in Ireland, and upon British Spirits imported into Ireland, and upon Licences to sell Spirituous Liquori in Ireland in Quantities not leis than Two Gallons. Ibid.

74. An Act to continue until the Fifth Dav of July On#

thousand eight hundred and ten, several Acts for granting certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Draw* backs and Bounties on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into and exported from Ireland. 746

75. An Act to provide for the better Collection of the Duties and Taxes on Carriages, Servants, Horfrf, and Dogs, in Ireland. Ibid.

76. An Act for vesting in the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland\ by Advice of the Privy Council

the Power ot prohibiting

XXXIV

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

the Exportation and carrying Coadwife of Gunpowder, Sa'tpetre, Arms, Ammunition, and Naval Stores. Page 749

77. An Act to amend the several Acts for securing the Duties on Paper made in Ireland. 750

78. An Act for raising the Sum of One Million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, by way of Annuities and Treasury Bills for the Service of Ireland. Ibid.

79. An Act for raising the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds by Treasury Bills for the Service of Ireland for the Year One thousand eight hundred and nine. 751

80. An Act for allowing Dealers to road their own Coffee on certain Conditions. Ibid.

8l. An Act to amend several Laws of Excise relating to Payer, Silks, and Salt, and for authorizing the Seiztir* of Utensils in Cases where Vessels used in Excise Manu-fast >rie* are subject to Forfeiture. 752

82. An Act to amend several Acts passed in the lad and pre-tent Sessions of Parliament, relating to the Local Militia.

754

83. An Act for the Amendment of the Laws now in force

in Ireland, relative to P. rlons entering into Recognizances in Criminal Cases, in Custody under any Fine, or undet such Recognizance. 755

84. An Act forameuding th t Irish Road Acts. 756

85. An Act for defraying, until the Twenty-fifth Day of

March One thousand tight hundred and ten, the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland; for holding Courts Martial on Servant Miprf, Serjeants, CjrporaU, and Drummers, for Offences comtnited during the Time such Militia shall not be embodied; and foi making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace. 761

86. An Act to make Provision, in certain Cifes, for the

Wives and Families of ballotted Men, Substitutes, and Volunteerp, serving in the Militia of Ireland. Ibid.

87. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloth-

ing of the Militia and Local Militia in Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and nine. 765

88. An Act for making Allowances in certain Cases to Sub-

altern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain, while disembodied. 768

89. An Act to revive and continue until the Twenty-fifth

Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, and amend so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of England, disembodiedimder an Act of the same Session of Parliament. Ibid.

VO. An Act for providing Relief for the Wives and Families of the Militia Men in Scotland, when called into actual Service. Ibid.

9. An Act to empower the Judges to try Civil Causes in their own Counties in England. 775

92. An Act for charging the Sum of Eleven Million?, raised

for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and nine, and the Sum of Seven Millions nine hundred and thirty-two thousand one hundred Pounds in Exchequer Bills, funded pursuant to an Act of this Session of Parliament, upon the Duties granted to His Majesty during the Continuance of the present War, andor certain Periods after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace. 776

93. An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's

Treasury, to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aid* or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain^ for the Year One thousand cig bt hundred and nine, 777

94. An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money so

be raised by Lotteries. Page 777

95. An Act for further regulating the Constitution of the Board of Commissioners for auditing the publick Accounts*

778

96. An Act to provide for a durable Allowance of Super- annuation to the Officers of Excise, under certain Restrictions. 77

97. An Act for empowering the Board of Ordnance to exchange Lands at Purfleet, in the County of E/Jex, for other Lands in the said Parish. 780

98. An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs

cNargrable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in litu thereof. Ibid.

99. An Act to amend the several Acts for the regulating and

securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirits diddled in Ireland; and for the regulating the Sale of such Liquora by Retail. 881

100. An Act to amend the several Acts for securing the Collection of the Duties on Auction? in Ireland. 888

101. An Act to regulate the Fees payable by Persons charged with Treason, Felony, and all other Offences, at Affixes and Quarter Sessions in Ireland; and for amending an Act of the Parliament of Ireland, made in the Thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, relating thereto- 889

102. An Act to appoint Commissioners to enquire and examine, until the Fird Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eleven, into the Nature and Extent of the several Bogs in Ireland, and the Practicability of draining and cultivating them, and the bed Means of effecting the fame. 89*

103. An Act to amend an Act made in the last Session of

Parliament, for making Provision for the building and rt-building of Churches, Chapels, and Glebe Houses in Ireland. 892.

104. An Act to amend several Acts made in the Parliament

of Ireland, for granting Lift Annuities with Benefit of Survivordrp. 894

to <5. An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, an Act of this present Session of Parliament, to suspend the Importation of British or Irish made Spirits into Great Britain or Ireland respectively. Ibid.

106. An Act for allowing further Time for taking Goods

out of Warehouse, and paying Duties thereon. Ibid.

107. An Act for the more effectual Recovery of Penalties

and Forfeitures, incurred in the British Colonies and Plantations in America* 895

108. An Act to amend the several Acts respecting the Payment of Wages and Prize Money, and Aibtment of Wages, to Persons serving in His Majesty's Royal N*vy.

llid-

109. An Act to repeal several Acts respecting the Woollen

Manufacture, and to amend other Acts relating to the said Manufacture; and for allowing Persons employed in any Branch of the Woollen Manufacture to set up Trade in any Place in Great Britain. 899

no. An Act to rectify a Midake in an Act made in this Session of Parliament, for continuing and making perpetual several Duties of One Shilling and Sixpence on Offices and Employments. 902

hi. An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, an Act of the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty,

for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the publick Expenditure, and the Conduct of the publick Bufinrfs in the Military Departments therein mentioned. Ibid.

122. An

XXXV

(Public , )

Iis Act Ad to amend an Act passed in the Forty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, to provide for the Detence of the Realm, with resprft to the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments for the publick Service. Page 902

113. An Act for better regulating the Office of Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia. 903

114. An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of

Three Millions for the Service of Great Britain. 905

115. An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors in England. 906

116. An Act to make further Provision for the Execution

of the federal Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters, and Thing*, under the Management of the Commissioners of Cutloms and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, in Ireland. 907

117. An Act for lowering the Duty of Excise on Coflee, of the Growth of His Majesty's Dominions in Africa. 914

Ji8. An Act, for better (ecuring the Independence and Pu-tity of Parliament, by preventing the procuring or obtaining of Scats in Parliament by corrupt rriftices. Ibid.

119. An Act to give to the Persons named by His Majesty, pursuant to an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act concerning the Adminijl ration of Justice in Scotland, and concerning Appeals to the House of Lords, further Time for making therr R-port or Reports. 915

120. An Act for amending and reducing into One Ad of

Parliament the Lveral Laws for raising and training the Militia ot Ireland. 916

121. An Act to alter and amend the Laws relating to

Bankrupts. 942

122. An Act for preventing Frauds and Depredations commuted on Merc .a*t». Ship Own«*rs, and Underwriters, by Batmen aid others; and also for remedying certain Defects* relative to the Adjustment of Salvage in England under an Act nude in the Twelfth Year of Queen Anne,

945

49° GEO. III.

123. An Act to explain and amend an Act made In the Forty* fifth Year of His present Majesty, for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually manning His Majesty's Navy during the present War; and for the further Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more tflcftually providing for the Interest of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, and the Royal Hospital for Soldiers at Chelsea; and to extend the Provi-f >n8 of the said Act to Cases arising in confcuuerce of Hostilities commenced since the passing of the said Act.

Page 952

124. An Act for altering, amending, and explaining certain

Acts relative to the Removal of the Poor, and for making Regulations in certain Cases touching the Examination of Panpejrs as to their Settlement; and for extending to all Parishes certain Rules and Orders in Workhouses, undea an Act of the Twenty* second Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor. 961

125. An Act to amend an Act made in the Thirty-third

Year of His present Majesty, for the Encouragement and Relief of Friendly Societies. 963

126. An Act for the further Prevention of the Sale and Brokerage of Offices. 964

127. An Act for further augmenting the Salaries of certain

of the Judges of the Courts in Westminster Hall, and of the Chief and Second Justice of Chesterx and Justices of the Great Srflions in Wales. 96S

128. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Sums of

Money out of the Coulolidated Fu id of Great Britain % and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and nine; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. 969

129. An Act to prevent the enhfting of Local Militia Men into the Regular Militia of any other C >urty or Stewartry than the County or Stewartry to which they belong. 974

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED;

OR PRINTED COPIES WHEREOF ARE DECLARED TO BE EVIDENCE.

LAN Act for continuing the Term and Powers of several A Acts passed for repairing the Harbour and Quay ot Watehett, in the County of Somerset. Page 975

ii. An Act for amending an Act of the Forty-fourth Yearot His present Majesty, for regulating certain Fisheries in the CouDty of Cumberland, and other Places therein mentioned, so fir a* respects the Full cry in the River Derwent. Ibid.

j

iii. An Act for better enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Aberdeenshire Canal Navigation to raise the necessary Fund to complete the same. Ibid.

iv An Act for more effectually improving the Streets, Lants. and Pubbck Passages, in the Town of Gainsborough io the County of Lincoln, and for laying a Duty on Coals [and Z.MI-J brought to the said Town to be sold. Ibid.

v. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Ro

thtrham to Swinton, in the West Riding of the County of Tore. Ibid.

vi. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Aftf of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Afbbourn to Sudbury, and from Sudbury to Toxall Bridge. tud from Hatton Moor to Tvtburyt in the Counties of Derby

2

and Stafford, and for making Two new Branches of Road to communicate therewith. P<*gc 97$

vii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers ot Two Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Derby, Leicester, and Warwick. Ibid.

viii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Rad-

cliffe. and the Townftvp of Ainsworth, in the Parish of Middleton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

ix. An Act har inclosing Lands in the Townships of Working-

ton and IWmfcnles. and Manor of Workington, in the Parish of Workington, in the County of Cumberland. 976

x. An Act for amending so much of an Act of the Forty-

first Year of His present Majesty, for buihhng and krrp-ing in Repair the Pier at Sht'rrness, in the Isle of Socppy# in the County of Kent, ard for other Purposti therem-mertioned, as relates to the said Pier. Ibid.

x: . An Act to continue the Term, and alter the Powers, of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Township of Saituey, in the County of Flint, to the Town of Flint*Rid.

x i. An

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

xii. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from

Horsham to join the Turnpike Road leading to Guildford, with Two Branches therefrom, in the Counties of Sussex and Surrey. P°gc 916

xiii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Boconock, Bradded: , and Saint Winnow, in the County of Cornwall.

Rid.

xiv. An Act for more effectually repairing, improving, and

keeping in Repair several Roads in the Counties of Brecon, Radnor, and Glarmorgan, and for making and maintaining Two new Branches of Road to communicate therewith. Rid.

xv. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Carmarthen and Cardigan, so far as relates to the Llandovery District, and for amending certain other Roads communicating therewith. Ibid.

Xvj. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing the Road between Hockliffe in the County of Bedford and Stony Stratford in the County of Buckingham. Ibid.

xvii. An Act to enable the Bristol Dock Company to borrow a further Sum of Money for completing the Improvements of the Port and Harbour of Bristol. Ibid.

Xviii. An Act for establishing and well-governing the Charitable Institution called The Society of Stewards and Sub-Jcrilers for maintaining and educating Poor Orphans of Clergymen until of Age to be put apprentice 5 and for incorporating such Society; and fur more effectually enabling them to carry on their charitable and useful Dtfigns. Ibid.

Xix. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Wakefield to Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of Turk. 980

xx. An Act to alter and amend an Act of the Parliament of

Ireland passed in the Thirty.third Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act respecting the Collection of publick Money to be levied in the County of the City of Dublin by Preferment 5 and for the better Regulation of the Mode of E etion and Office of Treasurer of the publick Money of the City of Dublin. Ibid.

xxi. An Act for extending the Royalty of the City of

Edinburgh: for disannexing Part of the Parish of Saint Cuthbert's from the said Parish, and uniting it to the Parish of Saint Andrew; for further regulating the Assessment for the Poor 111 the said Parishes j for erecting Two new Churches; for discontinuing certain Churches, and annexing the Parishes thereof to other Parishes; for further regulating the Revenues of the said City applicable to the Payment of Ministers* Stipends, and for draining the Mea dow on the South Side of the said City. 983

X xii. An Act for explaining and amending an Act passed in the Thirty-firtt Year of His present Majesty, for the better Maintenance and Support of the Poor of the Parish of Sunderland near the Sea, in the County Palatine of Durham, and for increasing the Rates therein directed to b- imposed. Ibid.

xxiii. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or

Tram Road from the River Severn at the Quay in the City of Gloucester, to or near to a certain Gate in or near the Town of Cheltenham in the County of Gloucester, called The Knapp Toll Gate, with a collateral Branch to the Top of I.eckhampton Hill, in the Parish of Leckhampton9 in the said County. Ibid.

xxiv. An Act for the further Improvement of the Harbour

of Carnarvon in the County of Carnarvon, and for other Purposes relating thereto. 984

xxv. An Act for better supplying the Inhabitants of the Town of Rochdale and the Neighbourhood thereof with Water. Page 984

xxvi. An Act to continue and amend Two Acts for repairing

and widening the Road from the present Turnpike Road at Haverhill to Redcross in the Parish of Shelford in the County of Cambridge. Ibid.

xxvii. An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repaying several Roads therein described, so far as the same relate to the Road from the Turnpike Road between the Town and County of Poole and Wimbome Minster in the County of Dorfd, to the Turnpike Road between Blands ford Forum and Dorchester in the County of Dorset. Ibid.

xxviii. An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the

Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Kipping' r Cross to Lamberhurst Pound and Pullen's Hill, io the County of Kent, and to Ftimwell Vent in t'.ie County of Sussex, and certain other Roads in the said Acts described. Ibid.

xxix. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the First small Bridge or Culvert which crofTes the present Turnpike Road from Cheltenham to Gloucester, on the Gloucester Side of Siaverton Bridge, to join the fame Turnpike Road in the Town of Cheltenham in the County of Gloucester. Ibid.

xxx. An Act for maintaining and repairing the Road leading from the City of Glasgow» through Cowcaddens, to that Part of the River of Kelvin called The Milnford of Garfcube. Ibid.

xxxi. An Act for more effectually making and repairing the

Great North Road leading from the North Queensferry in the County of Fife to the City of Perth, and to the Town of Dunfermline. Ibid.

xxxii. An Act for altering an Act passed in the Forty-fifth

Year of His present Majesty, for repairing Roads in the County of Ayr. Ibid.

xxxiii. An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the

Powers of Three Acts passed in the Fourth Year of His late Majesty, and the Sixth and Twenty.sixth Years of H a present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Godstone in the County of Surrey, to Highgate in the Parish of East Grinstead in the County of Sussex. 985

xxxiv. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Acts for repairing the Road leading from Galley Corner adjoining to Enfield Chafe in the Parish of South Mims in the County of Middlesex, to Lemsford Mill xxx the County of Hertford. Ibid.

xxxv. An Act for allowing the Timber on Part of the

settled Estates of Dame Jane St John Mildmay Widow* in the Counties of Essex, Somerset, Dorset, and Southampton, to be cut down, and for applying the Monies thence anfing in the Purchase of Estates to be settled in Manner therein-mentioned. Ibid.

xxxvi. An Act for repairing and amending certain Roads in

the County of Peebles, and for better regulating the Statute Labour within the same. Ibid.

xxxvii. An Act for rendering more effectual several Acts

fnr repairing the Turnpike and other High Roads in the County of Edinburgh, and for repairing the Roads from the City of Edinburgh to the Town of Leith. Ibid.

xxxviii. An Act for more effectually making and repairing

the Road from CarJowrie Bridge on the River Almond\ to Linlithgow Bridge on the River Avon, and other Roads in the County of Linlithgow. Ibid.

xxxix. An Act for more equally and effectually assessing and collecting the Poor Rates within the Fariih of Saint

Anne

J /T I

{Local & Personal \)490 GEO. III. xxxvii

Atkie (commonly called Saint Anne Limehoufie) in the County of Middlesex. Page 985

*1. An Act for better assessing and cnllrftirg the Poor and other Rate, in the Parish of Saint Nicholas, in the City o' Rochejhr, in the County of Kent, and regulating the Poor thereof. Ibid.

xli. An Act for repealing an Act passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of Hi* present Majesty, for the Improvement of the River Hr(ar and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County Palatine of Durham, and for the more effift'ial - Prifcrration and further Improvement of the fame River, Port, anJ Haven. - Ibid.

xlii. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of the several Act relating to the Siratfiurdapon*Avon Canal Navigation. Ibid.

lliii. An Act for amending and rendtring more efiYftual an Act passed in the Fifteenth Year of His present Majesty, for draining and Dreserving certain Lane's and Grounds in the Pjriftns of Wijlech Saint Peter's and Wifberh Saint Mary's, and in the Hamlets ot IVificck Alurroiu and IVifhech Guy him, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge. Ibid.

llit. An Act for iiicloiii(g and draining Lanls in the Parishrs of Thurl ton, Haddifcoc, and Tlsorpe next Haddificoe, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

xlr. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of IPs late and present Majesty, for repairing the Roil from Harlow Bush Common to Stump Croft, in the County of Fffex.

xlu. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts passed in the Seventh and Twenty-eighth Years of His prdrnt RLjesty, for amending and widening the Road from the Bell Ian at Northfield, in the County of Worcester, to the U'ooti.n Turnpike, in the great Turnpike Road from Stratford - upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, to Bir-ninf.'jm, in the fame Couity. 986

llvii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act p>(T: d in the Twenty eighth Year of His present Majesty, far widening and kerping in Repair the Road from the Town of Walfalllo Hamflead Bridge, and other Roads therein nv n tinned, ail : n the County of Stafford. Ibid.

llvi'i. An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of fevera*

' Arts of His late an 1 present for repairing the

Ro*d from Dipelon Wharf, near Guilford, through Guide fri, to Alfold Bars in the County of Surrey. Ibid.

iU. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His on-sent Majesty, for repairing the Road from Hmdcross to Hen field, and from Bceding to Horsham, in the Couniv of Suffix. Ibid.

I An Act for enlarging the Term Pnd Powers of an Act of H.s pr.lent Majesty, for amending the Road from Tedding-ton to the Turnp'ke Road between J: vcsham and Perjhorc, ir the C«r.: n: y of Worcester, and for making a new Piece of R <aJ to communicate therewith, in the County of Glou cejcr. Ibid.

Ii. An Act for repairing, widening*, and imoroving the Road iiahnghom the Town of Rickmerj worth, in the County of Hertford, through the Village ot Pinner, by Harrow-onahe-iiil. in the C ur ty of Middle fix, to or near the Swan Pujiuk House at Sudbury Common, in the Turnpike Road Ic.ding from Harrow to London. Ibid.

hi. A» AA lor continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Power* o> lo much of Two Acts for repairing thr Road from the End of the County of Stafford, in the FoH Road towards the City of Chester, through Woor*, in the County of Salop, to Nantwich in the County of Chester,*d from Nantwich to Tarforley, and from thence through Tarvin, in the said County of f, 7*y?r#v to the said City of Lifer, and the Road from Northwieh to the Croft in*. 49 Gcc. III.

Tanoin aforesaid, as relates to the Second District of Roads comprized in the said Acts. Page 98

liii. An Act to continue the Term and enlace the Powers of an Act for repairing the Road from Blackburn to Burs-cough Bridge, in the County of Lancaster. Ibid.

liv. An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Two Act of H'.a present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Tenterden to the several Places therein mtn'.iontd, in the County of Kent. Ibid.

Iv. An Act for continuing Two Acts of the S'xth and Twenty.sixth Yr&rs of Hi* present Majesty, for repairing several Roads Itrding from the Town of JVareham, and in Purbetkf in the County of Dor fit. Hid.

lv\ An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Two Act" for repairing the Road from the South End of Newton Abbott to the Passage Way in Klvgf^ur, oppo-site Clifton, Dartmouth, Hardnfs, and other Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of Devon. Ibid.

lvii. An Act for continuing the Term and erlarging the Powers of several Acts passed for repairing the Rood from Cranford Bridge, in the County of Middle fix, to that End of Maidenhead Bridge which lies in the County of Bucks, and for amending the Road from Slough to a certain Place in Eton, and from Langley Broom to Dalchelt Bridge, in the County of Buckingham. Ibid.

lviii. An Act for more efTtftuolIy repairing the Road from the Powder Mills on Houtflow Heath, in the County of Middlesex, to the Twenty Mile Stone on Eg ham Hill, io the County of Surrey. Ibid.

lis. An Act for voting a Workhouse and Premises, situate in the City of Londonderry, in Trustees to be sold, and for applying the Purchase M »ney in building another School

House, and for better regulating the fame. 9S7

lx. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Kelfial. in the Parish of Turvin, in the County Palatine of Chfler.

'Ibid.

Ixi. An Act f*>r inchfuig I.and* in the Township of IJan-Trewyn, Bodlowydd, and Bryn-cymme. in t^e M<nor of IJan-elidan, in iht Panih of Llanciulan, in the County of Denbigh. Ibid.

lxii. An Act for inclosing Lamb in the Parishes vl B rad well, Belton, and Frit ton. in the County of Suffolk. Ibid.

xiii. An Act for iKc'ofing Lands in the Parishes of Cortcn, Iloplon, and Govleflon, in the County of Suffolk. Ibid.

lxiv. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Panih of Great Witch-ingham. in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

lxv. An Act for inclosing Lmds in the Parish of Simonbum, in the County of Northumberland. Ibid.'

lxvi. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Elton and IVinfier, in the Parish of Txoulgreave, in I he County of Derby. Ibid.

lxvii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Barfcn-in the-Clay, in the County of Bedford. Ibid.

lxvri. An Act for inclosing Lnnds in the Manor and Townflrp cf Adetston. in the North R ding of the County of To k. Ibid.

lxix. An Act for making Provihon for such of the Sub-Regdtrars or Deputy Registrara of the High Court of Chancery as from Age or Infirmity shall be afH sted with permanent Disability, and be incapacitated for the due Execution of their Office; and for making further Provision for the Two Stniors of the said Regillrars, for the Clerks in the lGgulrar'fi Office, for the Mailer of the Report Office, and for providing additional Clerks in the Report Office of the Lid Court, and for making other Payments and Regulations in rftpeft of the said Offices. Ibid.

lxx. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, to enable the itveral Persons therein named to dilp'aft t ot

xHviii The TITLES of the STATUTES,

of the federal Houses therein mentioned in London and West-mfier, bt Lottery. Page 990

lxxi. An Act to enable c Company of Proprietors of the Sunnfirth and Keadby C ajnal Navigation to raise a further Sum of Money for the Discharge of their Debts, and to hnish and complete \ c said Canal Navigation, and for amending the fevera/ Acts passed relative thereto. Ibid.

lxxii, An Act for ame nding, altering, and enlarging, the Powers of the federal Acts relating to the Warwick and Napton Canal Navigation. Ibid.

lxxiit. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of the several Acts passed for making a navigable Canal from the Trent to the Mersey, and other Canals connected therewith. Ibid.

Jxxir. An Act for explaining and amending Two Acts for improving the Navigation of the River Clyde to the City of Glfgow. Ibid.

lxxv. An Act to enable the Jnftiers of the Peace for the several Parts of Lindsey, Kcjhvcn, and Holland, constituting the Three D vifioi»6 of the County of Lincoln, to provide a convenient House, with fnitable Accommodations, for His Majesty's Judges at the Assizes for the said County. Ibid.

Ixxvi. An Act for regulating the Police of the Town and Liberties of Kinfale, and for the Regulation and Improvement of the Port and Harbour of the said Town, and of the F.'fheries thereof, and for other Purposes therein mentioned. Ibid.

lxx vii. An Act to continue the Term, and render more effectual, several Acts passed for opening, cleansing, repairing, and improving the Harbour of Southwold, in the County of Suffolk. Ibid.

lxxviii. An Act for amending several Acts for making navigable the Rivers Wye and Lugg. in the County of Hereford, and for making a Horse Towing Path on certain Parts of the Banks of the said River Wye. Ibid.

lxxix. An Act for better paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the several Streets, and other publick Passages and Places, within the Town and Franchise of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein. Ibid.

lxxx. An Act for itic better supplying the City of Dublin with Water. 991

lxxxi. An Act to authorize the raising of Money to defray the Expences of erecting a Prison and publick Offices in the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick. Ibid.

lxxxii. An Act to revive and continue the Term and Powers of certain Acts, for widening and improving the Entrance into the City of London, near Temple Bar, for making a { snore commodious Street at Snow Hill, and for raising on the Credit of the Orphans' Fund certain Sums of Money for those Purposes. Ibid.

itxxiii. An Act for the Improvement of the Pattage across the Frith of Forth, called The Queen ferry. Ibid.

lxxxiv. An Act for building a new Bridge across tb % River Tone, and enlarging the Bridge at Shuliern, both in the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, and also for widening and improving the Approaches to the said Bridges, and removing and preventing Obstructions and Nuisances

thereon. Ibid.

lxxxv. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Wenfum, between the Scite where the Gates called King Street Gates formerly flood, and Carrow dbbey, to the Hamlet of Thorpe, IB the County of the City of Norwich. Ibid.

lxxxvi. An Act to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from the Pinfold in Balby, in the County of York, to Worksop, in the County of Nottingham« Ibid.

lxxx vii. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from a Place called Nantgaredig, adjoining the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Llanfilofawr to the Town of Carmarthen, through the Village of Brechfa to the River Tivy near Llanlooney Church, and also a Road from Brechfa aforesaid to the Village of Llanfawell, all in the County of Carmarthen. Fage 991

lxxxvitu An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers of in Act of His present Majesty, for amending the Road leading from Congleton to Colley Bridge, and other Roads in the said Act mentioned, in the Counties of Chester and Derby. 992

lxxxix. An Act for making and maintaining Turnpike Roads for the Town of Malmesbury, to or near to the Town of Wootton Baffett, Sutton Benger Church, and Dauntfey Gates in the County of Wilts. Ibid.

xc. An Act for repairing and maintaining the Road from Wootton Basset in the County of Wilts, to the Two Mile Stone on the Turnpike Road from Swindon to Marlborough in the said County. Ibid.

xci. An Act for amending and improving the Road from the North End of the Town of Tonbridge to the Village of Ightham and Two other Roads communicating with the fame, all in the County of Kent. Ibid.

xcii. An Act for amending and improving the Road from Stockerfhead at the Top of Charing Hill, to a certain Place where the fame joins the Road from djbford to Canterbury, all in the County of Kent. Ibid.

xciii. An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from the End of the County of Stafford to the City of Chester, and from Northwich to Tarvin in the County of Chester, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, so far as respects the Third District of the said Roads. Ibid.

xciv. An Act for making and maintaining a Road over Horley Common in the County of Surrey, to a Place called Black Corner, and from thence to join the Brighthelmston Turnpike Road at Cuckfield, in the County of Sussex. Ibid.

xcv. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Tunbridge Wells in the County of Kent, to the Cross Ways near Mares field Street, and from Florence Farm to Forest Row, io the County of Sussex. Ibid.

xcvi. An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of an Act of the Thirty-seventh Year of His present Majesty for amending the Road from or near Edenfield Chapel to the Township of Little Bolton, and for making and maintaining a Road from the said Road at or near Booth Pits, to or near Bury Bridge, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ib'uL

xcvii. An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts of Hi* present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Reading in the County of Berks, through Henley in the County of Oxford, and Great Marlow to Hatfield in the County of Hertford> and also the Road leading out of the said Road at Marlow over Great Marlow Bridge through Byfham to or near the Thirty Mile Stone in the Road leading from Maidenhead to Reading aforesaid. Ibid.

xcviii. An Act for tffVfting the Sale of an Estate at Tachbrook in the County of Warwick, devised by the Will of John Norris Esquire, deceased; and for applying sufficient of the Money in discharging Incumbrances 00 certain Eftatts at Cwmyoy and Lanthony in the Counties of Monmouth and Hereford: and for paying the Residue thereof to Walter Salvage Landoe Esquire; and for settling the said Eft ate* at Cwmyoy and Lanthony to the Use of the Will of the said John Norris. ^id.

jteix. Aa

XXXIX

(Local & Personal49° GEO. III.

xcix, An Act for inclosing a Moor or Common called Middle-hope within the Park and Forest of Weardale in the Parish of Stanhope, in the County of Durham. Page 992

C. An Act for dividing and allotting Lands in the Parishes of Barford Saint Martin and South Newton* and for extinguishing R-ghts of Common in other Lands in or adjoining the Parishes of Barford Saint Martin aforesaid, and Baver* foci, in the County of Wilts. Ibid.

ci. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Portbury, in the County of Somerset. /bid.

cii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Cheadale, in the County of Stafford. 993

ciii. An Act for inclosing Waste Lands in the Township of Lifcard in the Parish of Wallasey, in the County Palatine of Ctefter. Ibid.

dr. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of IVhiston sod Parish of Kingsley, in the County of Stafford. Ibid.

cv. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Bledlow, in the County of Buckingham. Ibid.

Cfi. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor and Towoship of Idle, in the Parish of Calverley in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

cvii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Marsworth, in the County of Buckingham. Ibid.

criii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Long Wit ten ham, in the County of Berks. Ibid.

dx. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manors of Abdon and Stoke St, Milborough, in the County of Salop* Ibid.ex- An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Stockton, in the County of Wilts. Ibid.

Cxi. An Act for repealing such Part of an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, as imposes a certain Proportion of the County Rate for the County of Kent upon the Eastern Division of the said County, and certain Proportions upon the Western Division of the said County t and also, so much of an Act passed in the Forty-feienth Year of His present Majesty, for empowering the JoAicei of the Peace for the County of Kent, to make a fair and equal County Rate for the said County, as directs the Churchwardens and Overseers therein mentioned, to make certain Returns of the Rental or Value of Estates within their Parishes at the Periods and in the Manner therein auntioned, and imposes a certain Penalty upon such Churchwardens and Overseera for making Default therein, and for amending the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts. Ibid.

aui. An Act for altering, amending, and enlarging the Powers of Several Acts for making and maintaining the Thames and Severn Canal Navigation. 996

cxrii. An Act for enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, so far as relates to the establishing a nightly Watch, and for maintaining the Poor within the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

exit. An Act for building a Chapel of Ease in the Town of Worthing, in the County of Saffex. Ibid.

Of An Act for amending an Act of the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for paving and improving the Town of Worthing, in the County of Sussex, and for building a Market House and establishing a Market in the said Town. Ibid.

ciri. An Act for building a Church on Gateshead Fell, in the Parish of Gateshead, 997

cxrii. An Act to amend and render more effectual Two Atts for the Maintenance and Support of the Pier and Harbour, ind paving and lighting the Town of Margate, in the County of KenL 99b

cxviii. An Act for better supplying with Water the Borough of Portsmouth, and the Parishes of Portsmouth and Portsea, and Places adjacent, in the County of Southampton. Page 998 cxix. An Act for effecting the Drainage and Improvement of the Lands and Grounds lying in the late Great Common in Sutton Saint Edmund*s, within the Parish of Sutton Saint Mary otherwise Long Sutton, in the County of Lincoln t and for authorizing the Drainage and Improvement of tie Lands and Grounds lying in the late Little Common in Sutton Saint Edmund'b aforesaid. Ibid.

cxx. An Act for embanking, inclosing, and draining Lands within the Parish of Frijhenty, in the County of Lincoln. Ibid.

cxxi. An Act for making and keeping in Repair a Road or Passage for Horses on the Banks of the River Severn, between a certain P ace at Coalbrooke Dale to and above the WeJJh Bridge in the Town of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, for hauling and drawing Vessels along the said River. 999

cxxit. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty, for better supplying the Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds, in 1 he County of York, with Water, and for more effectually lighting and cleansing the Streets and other Places within the said Town and Neighbourhood, and for remo\ing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and for creding a Court House and Prison for the Borough of Leeds, and for widening and improving the Streets and Passages in the said Town. Ibid.

cxxiii. An Act to alter and explain Two Acts to enable the Globe Insurance Company to sue in the Name of their Treasurer, and to inrol Annuities. Ibid.

cxxi?. An Act to alter and explain Two Acts for enabling the Pelican Life insurance Company to sue in the Name of their Secretary, and to inrol Annuities. Ibid.

cxxv. An Act to alter and explain Two Acts for enabling the Albion Fire and Life Insurance Company to sue in the Name of their Secretary, and to enrol Annuities. Ibid.

cxxvi. An Act for widening and altering Ouse Bridge over the River Ouse, and Fofs Bridge over the River Fofs, in the City of York; for widening, raising, and improving certain Streets, Lanes, and Passages leading and near to the said Bridges; and for making certain other Improvements in the said City. iooq

cxxvii. An Act for consolidating and uniting the Powers of, several Acts passed for amending several Roads near the Borough of Ashburton and the Town of Newton Bushell, and from or near the North Side of the Town of T*otness towards Ashburton aforesaid, for building a Bridge across the River Dart. at or near a Place called Emmett, in the County of Devon, and for amending and improving the said several Roads. Ibid.

cxxviii. An Act for continuing, explaining, and amending an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and improving the Roads leading from the Stone9 End in Kent Street. in the Parish of Saint George Southwark. to Dertford, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Kent and Surrey. Ibid.

cxxix. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Bcttws* Abergele, in the County of Denbigh. Ibid.

cxxx. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Caerwys %

in the County of Flint. Ibid.

cxxxi. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Eaton, in the County of Nottingham. Ibid.

cxxxii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish if Woodflone, in the County of Huntingdon. Ibid.

cxxxiii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of King*s Cliffs, in the County of Northampton. Ibid.

i 2 h cxxxiv* An

xl The TITLES' of the STATUTES,

cxxxiv. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Caddy and Parish of Spotborough, in the County of York.

Page ioooo

cxxxt. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Gateshead.

in the County of Durham. Ibid.

cxxxvi. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Glutton-with-Holme, in the County of Huntingdon. /for/,

cxxxvii. An Act for the Application of the Purchase Money of certain Lands, taken from the Pofltflions of the See ot

Winchester. under the Provisions of an Act of the Forty-sixth; Year of His present Majesty. intituled, An Act for veiling

ter tain Messuages, Lands, Trnements, and Hereditaments in Trvjlees, for better feenring His Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores at Portsmouth, and for extending the Works and Lines at Dover. Ibid.

raxxviii. An Act for enabling the Kennet and Avon Canal Company to raise a sufficient Sum of Money to complete the said Canal, and for amending the several Acts for making the same. icoi

xxxix, An Act for e^sting a new Gaol and House of Correction, and new Courts of Justice, in and for the County Palatine of Durham, and purchasing proper Scites for tfe fame; and f r disposing of the old Gaol and House ot Correction and Courts of Justice there 5 and making an equal County Rate for those Purposes. Ibid.

cxl. An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and otherwise improving the Streets and other Publick Passages and Places in the Town and Borough of Oswestry, in the County of Salop. Ibid.

Ctli. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parish of Merthyr Tidfil, and other Places therein mentioned, in the Counties of Glamorgan, Brecon, and Monmouth. Ibid.

cxlii. An Act for building a Bridge acrofa the River Thames. from or near Vauxhall Turnpike, in the Parish of Saint Mary Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of Saint John, in the C»ty and Liberty of Westminster, and County of Middlesex, and for making'convenient Roads thereto. - Ibid.

cxliii. An Act for taking down and re-building the Whole

or Part of a certain Bridge called Wallingford Bridge, in

the Borough of Wallingford, in the County of Berks, and for opening, widening, and improving the Avenues or Ap proachcs to the said B idge. 1002

cxliv. An Act for taking down and re-building certain Parts of North Bridge and Tickford Bridge, io the Parishfs of New port Pagneil and Lathbury, in the County of Buckingham and for widening and making more commodious the said Bridges, and the Approaches thereto. Ibid.

cxlv. An Act for repairing and maintaining the Road from Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford to Abbots Bromley, and from Bagois Bromley to the present Turnpike Road at or near Shirley IVich, in the said County. Ibid.

cxlvi. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Qarmarthen to Lampeter pontflephtn, in the County of Cardigan, and other Roads in the said Act mentioned, so f*r as the same relate to the Carmarthen District of Roads, and for coaLlidating in the farine Act and Trust certain other Roads in the said County of Carmarthen. Ibid.

cxivii. An Act for making and repairing a Road from Soho Hill, in the Parish of Handsworth, to the Walsall Turnpike Road, on the Northern Side of Hamflead Bridge; and also another Road from Brown s Green to a House called The Friary, all in the County of Stafford. Ibid.

cxlviii. An Act for vesting the settled and orher Estates of John Pierson Foote Esquire, in the Parish of Calflock, in the County of Cornwall, in Trustees upon trust, to fell and to

stand possessed of the Money anting from the Sale thereof/ upon the Trulls therein mentioned. Page 1003

cxlix. An Act for enabling the M'.nifter and Church wardens of the Parish of Allhallows Barking, in the City of Londons to grant a Lease of certain Estates belonging to the same Parish, pursuant to an Agreement entered into for that Purpose. Ibid.

cl. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Hamlet and Chapelry of Wheatley, in the Parish of Cuddfden, in the County of Oxford. Ibid.

cl; . An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Hayes, in the Courty of Middlesext and for extinguishuig the Tithes in the said ParJh. Ibid.

clii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Maxey with Deepingaie, Norlhborough, GUnton with Pea kirk, Elton* and Kelpstone, in the County of Northampton. Ibid.

cliii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Shobdon, Aymejlrey, an'? Lingers, in the County of Hereford, and for fxtingu shing Tillies in those Parishes. Ibid.

cliv. An Act for inclosing Goring Common, or Goring Heath % and ctrtain Waste Lands, in the Parish of Goring, in the County of Oxford. 100

civ. An Act for continuing the Term of, and altering and amending an Act, pasted in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repealing two Acts of His late Majesty/ for the Regulation of LafUge and Ballallage in the River Thames, and to make more effectual Regulations relating-thereto. Ibid.

clvi. An Act to alter and amend several Acts pafLd in the* Fortieth, Forty-fourth, Forty-fifth. Forty-sixth, and Forty* seventh Years of His present Majesty, for making Wet Docks, Batons, Cuts, and other Works, for ti c greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and' Revenue, within the Port of London, ard for other the Purposes therein mentioned relating thereto, and to enlarge the Powers and Authorities by the said Acts granted to the London Dock Company. Ibid.

clvii. An Act for amending an Act for better supplying the Ci'y and Liberties of Westm)njhr9 and Pjrts adjacent, with Water, and for enlarging the Powers thereof, 1004

clviii. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tram Road from the Summit of the Hill above Churchway Engine, in the Forest of Dean, in the County of Glouester, to a certain Place in the said Forest called C'tnderford Bridge.

1005

clix. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from the River IVye, at or near to a Place called Lidbrook, in the Parish of Ruardcan, in the County of Glvucesler, to or near- to a Place called the Lower Forge, below Newern, in the Parish of Lydney, in the said County, and for making other Railways therein mentioned in the Forest of Dean, in the J County of Gtoucejhr. Ibid.

clx. An Act to continue and amend several Acts for repairing Roads in the County of Dumfries, and converting the Statute Labour within the said County into Money. Ibid.

clxi. An Act for enlaigi/.g the Term and Powers of several1 Acts of H s late and present Majesty, for repairirg the Roads from Mead Brook, in the County of Gloucester, to Christian Mafford Bridge, in the County of Wilts, and other Places therein mentioned, and for extending the said Road to the Centre of Christian Malford Bridge. Ibid.

clxii. An Act for the Exchange of Part of the Settled Estates of the Earl of Guilford, and for the SUe of other Part, XdJ discharge a Mortgage thereon, and for other Purposes.

la n 1.4

clxiri. An Act for the Partition of certain Settled Estates of John Wharton Esquire, situate in the Counties of York % Westmorland, and Durham..dbed.

clxiv. A a

(Local & Personal, ) 49 GEO. III. / ili

chtrr. An Act for vesting certain E(lates' in the Counties of Kent and Sufix. devised by the Will of John Hutton Esquire, deccsfed, in Trustees to be^ fold, and for investing the Money arising therefrom in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the fame Ufep* Page 1005

clxv. An Act for vesting Patt of the devised Estates of John Tirel Morin Esquire, deceased, situate in the Counties of Buckingham and Middlesex. in Trustees to be sold, for discharging Incumbrances affecting the fame, and for laying out the Residue of the Monies to arise by such Sale ia t! e Purchase of other Elates to be settled to the fame Ufea a* the Estates intended to be sold* Ibid.

dxvi. ^n Act for vesting the detached Pa*ta of the ElUte* of IVillum Farrcr Esquire, deceased, in Trustees for Sile,

under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, for paying the Incumbrances affecting the fame. Ibid.

di*»i. An Act for vesting Part of the Real Eft a tee, in the County of Lincoln, deviffd by the Will of Henry Maffingbcrd Esquire, deceased, in Tiullees to be sold, and for applying Part of the Purchase Money in paying off certain Incumbrances affecting the said Edatcs, and for laying out the Residue thereof in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the fame U c*. 1006

diriii. An Act for vesting certain Estates late of the Hoi.01 r able George Jocelyn deceased, in the County of Dublin, in I Trustees to be f Id, and for laying out the Monies thence irifing in the Purchase of Government Securities, to be j settled to the same Uses as the Estates fold. Ibid.

clxix. An Act for vesting in Trustees a certain Tract of Open 1 Paffur*Lind called Box Moor, in the Parish of Hemel- J bempjled, in the County of Hertford, upon certain Trulls, I applying the Produce thereof, and for better securing the R'ghts of the respective Parties entitled to the said Moor. Ibid.

dxx. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Dron field in the County of Derby. Ibid.

dxxi. An Act for reviving, continuing, and amending an Act, passed in the Twenty.sixth Year of H16 present Majesty, for laying a Toll uoon all Hories end Carriages pafli ig on a I Sunday over Bltclfnars Bridge, and for applying the Money to ante thereby towards ir.creasing the Fund for watching, lighting, clcanling, watering, and repairing the said Bri

Ibid.

dxxii. An Act for altering and enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Acts, made in the So'ty-second, Forty-fonrtS >nd Forty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present' Majesty, for making, maintaining, watching, lighting, and watering several Roads to communicate with the West India Docks, in the Isle of Dogs, and the East India Docks at

Blackball, both in the County of Middlesex; and ado ol

several Acts for repairing the Cannon Street Road, in the said County; and also for making, maintaining, watching,

' lighting, and watering a r.ew Road from the said Road communicating with the East India Docks, to Barking, in the County of Esse.c; and for enlarging ti e Powers of an Act passed in the Forty-righth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Road from the Romford and Whitechapel Road to or near to Tilbury

Port, in the County of Essex. Ibid.

chtxin, An Act for coutinuing the Term and enlarging th*

Powers of Two Act of the S xth and Twenty-eighth Years of His present Majdlv, for repairing several Roads lcc-di^g to the Town of Dartford. in the County of Kent. Hid. ftxxv. An Act for extending and enlarging the Powers rr Authorities given by an Act passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An

for the EnframhifcmtnX of Copyhold and Customary Lands, Pared of the Manor of Arundel, and other Manors entailed

1

1

a.

by the Act of Parliament of the Third of Charles the First, and for the Sale of Tithes also entaued by the said A9. Page IC06 clxxv. An Act to empower the Trustees umUr the Will of the R'ght Honourable Edward late Lord Thurlow to grant in Ftc upon Fee Farm Rents, or for long Terms of Years, certain Estates by the fame Will devised in Trull for Sale, ard to pull dowu the Maufion House called Knight's Hill, and to make Roads, and to enf anchife Copyholds, and for other Purposes. Ibid.

clxxvi. An Act for vesting an Ellate, in the County of Z/«-coin, devised by the Will of Francis Lord Le Defpencer, in Trustees, upon Trust, to sell the same, and with the Money arising therefrom to discharge the Incumbrances thereupon, and to lay out the Surplus in the Purchase of other ElDtes to be settled to the same Uses. - Ibid.

clxxvii. An Act for elFcfting the Sale of certain Estates devised by the Will of Henry Partridge Esquire, dectafed, and for laying out the Money to arise by such Sales in the Purchasd of other Ellate, and for settling the same to the like Uses.

iiid.

dxxviii. An Act for vesting certain detached Part* of the Estates devifrd or limited to llrift Uses by the Will of the Right Honourable William late Lord Craven deceased, and situate in the County of Gloucester, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying Part of the Monies arising from the Srie thereof, in d Charge of an Incumbrance subsisting thereon, and for laving out the Residue of such Mornes in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses. 1007

clxxix. An Act for vesting certain Estates, late of Thomas Hodgkins Elqtiire, lying in the respective Parishes of Walsall and Aldridge, in the County of Stafford, in Trullcts, in trull to sell the same, and apply the Purchase Monies arising therefrom in paying off all Incumbrances upon such Estates, and otherwise, under the Directions of the High Court of Chancery..Ibid.

clxxx. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of SharnbrooL in the County of Bedford. Ibid.

clxxxi. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Wilsham-Jlead\ in the County of Bedford. IL'nL»

cixxxn. An Act to enable the Royal Exchange Insurance Company of Ireland to sue and be sued n the Name of their Secretary. IbicL

c'xxxifi. An Act for making new Sewers ard Drains and amending the present Sewers and Drains within certain Dif-rifts under, the Jurisdiction of the Commissioners of Siwera* for the Limits extending from East Mouldjey in Surrey, to Ravensborne in Kent, and for other Purposes relating to the Execution of the Commission of Sewers for the said Limits. Ibid.

cixxxiv. An Act for rendering more effectual Two Acts passed for the better regulating the Pi.or in the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey; for inclosing me Church Yard thereof and for other FurpojVa'therein mentioned relating then.to. 1 Ibid.

clxxxv. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant the Moot Hall, Grand Jury Room, and certain Grounds and Buidmgn adjoining thereto in the Cattle*Garth, within the Sette of the Old Castle of New raft lc- upon Tyne, to the Justices of the P.ace lor the County of Northumberland, for bunding Courts of Justice, and also a Gaol for the said County, and for other Purposes therein mentioned relating thereto... Itjdi

clxxxvi. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the B rough of Southwark to thd Kent Road in the County of Surrey. - Hide

clxxxwi. An Act to repeal so much of an Act paffrd jii the Forty.eighth Year of fl s preitnt Mjje.fty, for in loling Wastes in the Townllirp of A liner a in the County, of Dtftligh* as subjects the Owners of Certain- MiUCS thereioDitro

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

xlii

for working At fame, and as authorizes any Person to get Stone from any Mines of Stone in the said Wades.

Page 1007

clxxxviii. An Act for making and maintaining a Road leading from Barmouth in the County of Merioneth, to Traethmawr in the County of Caernarvon, and for building a Bridge at Traethbach, in the said County of Metioneth. Ibid.

clxxxix. An Act for supplying with Water the Inhabitants of DeptfordGreenwich, and several other Parishes and Places in the Counties of Kent and Surrey. 1008

cxc. An Act for the better Government of the Watermen working on the Passage between Gosport, Portsmouth, and Portsea, and other Places within Portsmouth Harbour, and

to and from Spilhead, St. Helen's, and other Parts within the Isle of Wight, in the County of Southampton, and to and from certain Places in the said Island, and for regulating the Fares of such Watermen. Page 1068

cxci. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Thames from the Precinct of the Savoy, or near thereunto, in the County of Middlesex, to the opposite Shore, and for making convenient Roads and Avenues to communicate therewith, in the county of Surrey. 1013

cxcii. An Act for more effectually supplying with Water the Inhabitants of the Towns of Manchester and Salford in the Parish of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lan caller. Ibid.

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

NOT PRINTED.

I. AN AA to dissolve the Marriage of the Right Honourable J°^n Lord Boringdon with the Right Honourable Augufia Lady Boringdon bin now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Pnrpofrs therein mentioned.

2. An Act for inclosng Lands in the Parish of Langley Marish in the County of Buckingham.

3. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Hurjley and the Manor of Murdon, in the County of Southampton.

4. An Act for inclosing Denjhaw Moor, in the Township of Quick within Saddleworih, in the West Riding of the County of York.

[Allotment to the King, in right of his Duchy of Lancaster, as fesfei to himself his Heirs and Successors of the Honour of Pontefract, in the County of York.]

5. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Jesse Gregson Esquire, with Grace Close his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

C. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Richard Campbell Bazett with Margaret Ann Bazett his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes thefein mentioned.

7. An Act for naturalizing George Dettmar.

8. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Barton Turf\ in the County of Norfolk.

9. An Act for naturalizing Peter Urbanis Sort oris.

10. An Act for naturalizing Rudolph Ackermann.

Si. An Act for inclosing Lands in the several Tithings of Orebefion Saint George and Elston, in the Parish of Orchcston Saint George, in the County of Wilts.

12. An Act for naturalizing Samuel Traugott Gruttner.

13. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Dean, in the County of Cumberland.

14. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Commonable Lands in the Parishes of Congresbury, Week Saint Lawrence, and Puxton, in the County of Somerset.

15. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Rotherftthorpe, in the County of Northampton.

16. An Act for inclosing Lands in the several Parishes of Uastfadwm, LlandiUvawr, and Cayo, in the County of Carmarthen.

17. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Echelford, otherwise AJbfordin the County of Middlesex.

[And for making Compensation for Tit hat.]

18. An Act for allotting Lands in the Parish of Crouton, in the County of Lincoln.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

19. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Sbcrringham id the Couoly of Norfolk.

3

20. An Act for enclosing Lands in the Township of Cudworth, in the Parish of Royston, in the West Riding of the County

[Allotment to the King; in right of his Duchy of Lancaster, as Lord of the Honour of Pontefract.]

21. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Townflrp of Purfton Jack ling, in the West Riding of the County of York. [Allotment to the King, in right of his Duchy of Lancaster, and as Lord of the Manor of Purfton Jackiing.]

22. An Act for inclosing a Tract of Land called Woolridge, in the Parishes of Saint Mary de Lode, or Hartpury, in the County of Gloucester.

23. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Dry Drayton, in the County of Cambridge.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.']

24. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Sir George Berney Brograve Baronet, with Emma Louisa Brograve his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

2j. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Peter Campbell Junior, Esquire, with Elizabeth Lewis Woollery his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

26. An Act for naturalizing Adrian Moens.

27. An Act for naturalizing Christian Frederick Kable.

28. An Act for enabling the most Noble Elizabeth Duchess Dowager of Chandos and the Right Honourable John Lord Henniker, to grant a Lease of certain Lands in the County of Svjfex, for the Term of Ninety-nine Years, to Edward Frijby Howls, pursuant to an Agreement entered into in that Behalf.

29. An Act for empowering the Judges of the Cot rt of S: fiiom in Scotland to fell certain Parts and Portions of the entailed Estate of CaJJJllts for Payment of the Debts contracted by David late Earl of CaJJillis, and still owing; and for altering in Part an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, concerning the Estate of Cullean.

30. An Act for vtfting the Lands of Glenkinglas, and certain

other Lands, being Part of the Lands contained io a Deed, of Entail, executed by the deceased Sir Duncan Campbell, of Lochnell, upon the Fifteenth Day of May One thousand seven hundred and sixtytwo, in Trustees, in trust, to sell the same, and invest the Money arising by such Sale in the, Purchase of other Lands, to be settled and secured to the fame Series of Heirs, and under the fame Conditions and Limitations as are contained in the a fort said Deed oi Entail.

3*. An

(Local # Personal, nol printed]) 49" GEO. III. xliii

Jt. An Act for empowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland, to fell certain Parts and Portions of the entailed Eftite of Locblane, situated in the County of Perth, which belonged to and was entailed by the late Anne Campbell, otherwise Mettnies, of Faimtoun, sufficient for Payment of her Debts, sod to raise a Sura for the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments contiguous to, and convenient for, the said entailed E&ate, to be entailed in the like Manner, in lieu of the Parts and Portions fold.

31. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of High Offley, in the County of Stafford.

33. An Act for inclosing Lands to the Township of Rothwellrith Roy dr, and Quit on with Woodies ford, in the West Riding of the County of York

[dndfor making Compensation for Tithes.]

34. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Abbot/bury, in the County of Dorset.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.}

35. An Act for dividing and incioling Lands in the Parish of Compton Vallenci, otherwise East Compton, in the County of Dorset.

)6. An Act for allotting Lands in the Parish of Fordbam, in the County of Cambridge.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.} j7* An Act for allotting Lands in the Parish of Pimpemet in the County of Dorset.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

38. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Bourn, in the County of Cambridge.

39. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Eaglesfield, in the County of Berks.

40. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Tithing of Phffh, in the County of Dorset.

41. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Normanby and Parish of Ormejby, in the North Riding of the County of York.

42. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Seamer9 in the North Riding of the Coun*y of York.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes ]

43. An Act for inclining Lands in the Parish of Iccomb, in the County of Worcester.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

44. An Act to render valid and effectual the Proceedings of the Commissioners under an Act for dividing and inclosing the several open Fields and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Banvick in Elmet. in the County of York.

45. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Chilton Foliat, in the Counties of Wilts and Berks.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes. J

46. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of £unwellt in the County of Norfolk.

47. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Altofts, in the Parish of Normanton, in the West Riding of the County of York.

4* An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Chidham % in the County of Sussex.

49. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Lbmftmacb, in the County of Pembroke.

30. An Act for inclosing Landa in the Parish of Berrynarbor, in the County of Devon*

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.] jt* An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor ot Marjke, in the County of York.

52. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Thoralbyt in the Parish of Aifgarth, in the North Riding of the County of York*

33. An Act for inclosing Ladds k the Parish of Lingfcld} in the County of Surrey

54. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Wheatacre All Saints, in the County of Norfolk.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

55. An Act for inclosing Lands in Glenfieldt in the Cotioty of

Leicester.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

56. An Act for inclosing the Open and Common Fields, in the Parish of Angmering, otherwise East Angmering and West Angmering annexed, in the County of Suffer.

57. An Act to enable the Reverend George Marwood (lately called George Metcalfe), and his Issue, to take, use, and bear the Surname and Arms of Marwood, porfuant to the Will of fane Turner, Widow, deceased.

58. An Act for naturalizing Charles Cummerow.

59. An Act for empowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to fell such Parts of the entailed Eftare of Pitreavh in the Parish of Dunfermlinend County of Fife in Scotland^ now bcloneing to Shovel Blackwood Esquire, as shall be sufficient for Payment of the Debts afleding the fame*

60. An Act for inclosing Lands in and adjoining or near to the Parish of Mordifoid. in the County of Hereford.

61. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Raven/den, in the County of Bedford.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.J

62. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Bodbam, in the County of Norfolk.

63. An Act for inclosing Lands io Longfutton, in the County of Somerset.

64. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Mi!ton9 in the County of Berks.

65. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Sutton, in the County of Surrey.

66. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Nannau* uwch-r-Afon, Nannau-isy-r-Afon % and Llanelltyd, in the Parishes of Llanjachreth and Llasulltyd, in the County of Merioneth.

67. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of West Wratting9 in the County of Cambridge.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes. J

68. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Baftldon^ in the County of Berks.

69. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Irtont in the County of Cumberland.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.'}

70. An Act for inc'ofing Lands in the Parishes of Sampford Peyer ell. BurTiJcombe, and Halbert on, in the County of Devon»

71. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Holt and Letheringfett, in the County of Norfolk,

72. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Vill, Hamlet, or Parish of Warningcampt in the County of Sussex.

73. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Ilfington, in the County of Devon.

74. An Act for inclosing Land, in the Parish of North Creahf in the County of Norfolk.

75. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Wenjtey, its the County of York.

76. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Carperby and Parish of Aijgartht in the County of York.

77. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Horbury in the Parish of Wakefield, in the West Riding if the County of York.

78, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township or Hamfet of Cullingworth in the Manor and Parish of Bingley, in the West Riding of the County of York.

79, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of West Wellow, in the County of Wilts.

80* An

xfiv.

The TITLES of the*STATUTES

So. An Act for irtclofinpr Lands in the Parishes of Gillingham and Motcomle, in the County of Dorset.

8r. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Great Wash-bourne, in the County of Gloucester.

82. An Act for confirming and establishing the Division and Inclosure of certain Lands in the Hamlet of Longthorpe, in the County of Northampton.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes

8; . An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of North Dujfield, in the Par.Hi of Skipwlth, in the East Riding of the County of York.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

[No Lease shall he made of Vicarial Allotments without Consent of the King, as Patron of the Vicarage of the Parish and Parish

Church of Sk'pwith. J

84. An Act for naturalizing Gujlavus IVfin.

8-5. An Act for naturalizing Henry Myers.

86. An Act for naturalizing John Horjlman.

87. An Act for filling the Lands and Eliate of Appine. situated

in the County of Argyle, and a Salmon Fishing situated in the County of Inverness, which were comprized in a Deed of Entail made by George late Marquis of Tweeddale, and the Trufhci appointed by George sometime Marquis of Tweedddh deceased, and for iciveiling the Money arising by

such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands to be settled and secured to the fame Series of Heirs, and under the fame Conditions and Limitations as are contained in the aforesaid Deed of Entail.

83. An Act to enable the Rector of the Parish and Parish Church of Saint Mary Woolwich, in the County of Kent, for the Time being, to grant Building Leafea of the Glebe Lands belonging to the said Rectory, and to fell the present Rectory House and Garden, and to build a new Rectory House.

89. An Act for changing the Scite rf Holland Fen Chi pel and for authorizing the Ertdlion and Efiabldhnunt thereof in the Parish of FofJyke. in the County of Lincoln, instead of in

the Parish o f AIgarkir he, in the said County.

90. An Act for liidofing Lands in the Parish of Bredwardine and the Township of Dorfion, in the Parish of Dorston, in the County of Hereford.

91. An Act for indoling Lands in the Parishrs of Flitton-eum

Silfoe and Pulloxhill, in the C >unty of Bedford.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

92. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township and Manor of Leaton, in the Parish of Saint Mary in Shrewjlury, in the County of Salop.

93. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor or Lordship of WeJ} Kington, in the Parish of West Kington, in the County of Wilts.

94. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Fomcctt Saint Peter and Forncett Saint Mary, in the County of Norfolk.

95. An Act for inc'ofing Lands in the Tithing of Wijl Mdbury in the Parish of Cann Saint Rumbold, in the County of Dorset

96. An Act for indoling Lands in the Township of Skelton, in the Parish of Howden, in the East Riding of the County of York.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.']

[No Lease shall be made of Vicarial Allotments without Consent if the King, as Patron of the Vtcai age of thet Parish and Parish Church of Hovvder.j 97 An Act for inclosing and reducing to a Stint several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Township and Manor of AiJLvick, in the Parish of Clapham, in the West Riding of the County of York. t>S. An Act for incl jfing Land, in the Parishes of Strumpfhaw and Sutlinghm, jn'the County of Norfolk.

99. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Whittle fordf in the County of Cambridge.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

100. An Act f >r inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Bishopston and Mancell Lacy, otherwise Much Munfit, in the County of Hereford

101. An Act for inclafing Lands in or appertaining to the Manor and Township of Birkin, in the West Riding of the County of York.

102. An Act for inclosing Linds in the Township, Hamlet, or Manor of Stanton, in the County of Derby.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.] ro3. An Act for settling and f'ecuring the Lands of Tipper-mallow, Meckvcn, and Whitelanh, and the Lands of Cloag or Cdoyock, and other Hereditaments Iving in the County of Perth, to and in favour of Robert Smythe of Methven esquire, and the Series of Heirs mentioned, and under the C mditions and Limitations specified in a D ?ed of Entail made by David Smythe sometime of Methven, deceased, and in lieu thereof for veiling certain Parts of the Lands, Lordship, Barony, and Regality of Methven, and of the Lands and Barony of Rdlour. lying in the said County, in the said Robert Smythe and his Heirs and Affi^ns in Fee Simolc.

104. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Stokeintinhead> in the Counrv of Devon.

103. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Swanlon, Abbot, llamas, and Buxton, in the County of NorJ'o k.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes. J 106. An Act for indoling Lands in the Parish of BJhopstone, otherwise Bushopstone. in the County of Wilts.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.] jo7. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Chatteris, in the Isle of Fly. and County of Cambridge.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

ZcS. An Act for naturalizing NichAas Henry.

109. An Act for uniting the Rectory and Parish Church of Stanmcr, in the County of Sussex, with the adjoining Vicarage and Parish Church of Palmer; and also for exchanging the Parsonage House and Glebe Land of S/anmer, and the Vicarage House of Fulmer for a Piece of Land at Fulmer, Part of the settled Estates of the Right Honourable Thomas Earl cf Chichester. and fora new ParfouageHouse to be built thereon, ?t the Exoence of the said Earl, no. An Act for tflcdluating a Partition directed by the Court of Chancery of certain Fee Farm and Annual Rents arising and i{Tiring within the Counties of Essex and Huntingdon, and of divers Mrfliages, Parcels of Ground, and Hereditamen*3 fiuatein the Parish of Saint Matthew, Bethnal Green, in the County of Midtilcfex, devised by the Will of Henry Bufly Esquire, deceased} and also for enabling the Trtilees or Persons in Poffifiion, as Tenants for Life, of certain of the Premifis to grant Building Leases, and for other Purposes, ill. An Act to enable the Company of Armorers and Brafiers in the City of London to fcl! and convey to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England several Lands and Tenements in the Parish of Saint O/ave Jewry, London, formerly of Dame Elizabeth Morrys, discharged from the TrulL for charitable Purposes affecting the fame, by virtue of the Will of the said Dame Elizabeth Morrys, and to subject other Lands and Tenement of the said Company of Armorers and Brafiers to the like Trulls.

I An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Helptrhy in the Parish of Brajfcrton, in the North Riding of the County Of York.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

[No Lease shall be made of Vicarial Allotments without Consent of the King as* Patron of the Vicarage of Brafferton.J

- THE

C.

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. Britarmiarum Regia,

Quadragesimo septimo.

1 AT the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the Fifteenth Day of December, Anno Domini 1806,

rV in the Forty-seventh .Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace 1*of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith; being the ' First Session of the Third Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland

CAP. I.

An Act to revive and make perpetual and to amend an Act, made in the Forty-second Year of Hit p efent Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, and for expediting the Proceedings relating thereto.

[6th January 1807.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that an Act, made in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present

*'Y Majesty, intituled, n All for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections or Returns of ^2 q j c

Members to serve in Parliament and for expediting the Proceedings relating thereto, which was to continue in 1 force Two Years, and from thence till the End of the Session of Parliament next after the Expiration of the 1 fa'd Two Years and no longer, should be revived and made perpetual be it therefore onafted by the King's Roil Excellent Majesty by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act revived and shall, from and after the pa fling of this Act, be and the fame is hereby revived, and the said recited Act shall rajdc perpetual b:nd the fame is hereby made perpetual.

II. Provided always, and be it onafted, That whenever, on any Complaint by Petition under or by virtue Regulations of any Act or Acts for the Regulation of the Tnals of controverted Elections or Returns of Members to reij* oring the fcr.ein Parliament, it shall happen that the Thirteen Members returned to the House of Commons under the adding or Directions of the said Acts, or any or either of them, shall be entitled by virtue of any Regulations or Provisions in aav of the said recited Acts to choose Two Members or One Member (as the Case may require) to be bythTi added to the said Thirteen Members for the Completion of the Committee to try such Petition, such Thirteen ictur.ied by t M*'mberb ft nil nut choose such Two Members or One Member to be added as aforesaid, until all the other HouCc.

S'bd Committees to he ballotted for on that Day (in the appointing of which the Parties before the House (bill name Two Members to be added to the Members drawn by Lot) shall have been sworn, if such Committees or any of them can he completed: Provided also, that if Two or more Committees shall be ballotted for on the same Day for the Completion of which it shall happen that the Thirteen Members returned to the House shall be entitled to chooie Two Members or One Member as aforesaid, then the Thirteen Members on tie Committee or Committees which shall have been first ballotted for, shall have the Preference successively ia choosing such Member or Members for t.te Completion of such Committee or Committees.

CAP. II.

An Act for raif.ng the Sum of Ten million*, five hundred thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven.

[16th January 1807.]

w Treasury empowered to raise 10, 5: 0, 000l. by Loans and Exchequer Bills, as under the Malt Act (46 G. 3.

" f. 2.1 of hit S/lTion, $ 1, 2. — Intercil 3- d. per Centum per Diem, §3. — Exchequer Bills so issued not u receivable in Payment of any Taxes, &c. before April5, 1808. §4. — Charged on the first Supplies to be " spanted in next SvfTion.^c. — Bank of England authorized to advance 6, coo, 000l. oa the Credit of thit

Ad. t 6."

the

47 Geo. III.

2

C. 3 — 7

47' GEORGII III. Sess. r

A.D. 1807.

U1IC

iSoo

46 G 3. c. 97.

Recited Act cU-cUrtd to cafrnd only to Corn, flee, rt.r G.owrh of Gic-i? Btiuin or jiclat.d.

CAP. III.

An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven.

[22ft January 1807.]

[/« all ref peels {except the Dates) this Act is similar to 46 G. 3. c. 2. — As to Ireland, fee CJjapter 40. of this S'Jfion*]

CAP. IV.

An Act for continuing f and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England $ and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven.

[22d January 1807.]

4* Commissioners of Land Tax appointed under 45 G. 3. c. 48. & 46 G. 3. c. 107. empowered to put this " Ad ia Execution. §4."

all other respects (except the Dates) this Act isfimilar to 46 G. 3. c. 3.}

CAP. V.

An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify tKemselves for Offices and Employments; and for extending the Times limited for those Purposes respectively, until the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and seven, and to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the fame on or before the First D2y of Michaelmas Term One thousand eight hundred and seven. £19th February 1807.]

[5>r 44 G. 3. c. 7. and References there.)

CAP. VI.

An Act to continue, during the present War, and until One Year after the Termination thereof by the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, an Act made in the Forty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, for empowering His Majesty to accept the Services of such Parts of His Militia Forces in Inland, as might voluntarily offer themselves to be employed in Great Britain.

j [ 19th February 1807.]

u 44 G. 3. c. 32. continued by 46 G. 3. c. 3 1. recited and further continued during the War, See. § I. — Act " shall not extend the Term of voluntary Engagement. §2. — Act may be altered this Session. §3."

CAP. VII.

An Act to declare that certain Provisions of an Act of the last Session of the last Parliament, intituled, An Act to permit the free Interchange of every Species of Grain between Great Britain and Ireland, shall extend to Grain the Produce of those Countries only.

[19th February 1807.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to permit the free 4 Interchange of every Species of Grain between Great Britain and Ireland, it was enacted, that from and after the passing of the said Act, all Bounties and Duties payable on the Exportation and Importation of Corn, Grain, Malt, Meal, Flour, or Biscuit respectively, from Great Briain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great j0W/n/w, should ceaie and be no longer payable; and that it should be lawful for any Person to carry and export out of and from any Port or Place in Great Britain to any Port or Place in Ireland\ and out of and from any Port or Place in Ireland, to any Port or Place in Great Britain, and to import into any Port or Place in Great Britain from any Port or Place in Ireland, and into any Port or Place in Ireland from any

Port or Place in Great Britain without Payment of any Duty whatsoever on that Exportation or Importation in any British or Irish Ship or Vessel, owned and navigated according to Law, any Sort of Corn or Grain,

' Meal, Flour, Bread or Biscuit, whatever the Average Price of Corn or Grain might be in either Country at the

Time of such Exportation or Importation: For obviating of any Doubts or Difficulties in the Construction of the said Act be it enacted and declared by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in tins present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act, and the several Clauses and Provisions therein mentioned relating to the Exportation and Importation of any Sort of Corn or Grain, Meal, Flour, Bread or Biscuit, from Great Britain to Inland, or from Ireland to Great Britain, wa9 intended and shall be construed to extend, and the fame is hereby declared to extend only to Corn or Grain, Meal, Flour, Bread or Biscuit, being the Growth. Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain or Ireland respectively, and not to any Corn or Grain, Meal, Flour, Bread or Biscuit, being the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any other Country or Place; any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

A.D. 1807.

47 GEORGII III. Sess. r. C. 8-12. 3

CAP. VIII.

An Act to continue for the Term of Seven Years certain A&3 of the Parliament of Ireland, for preventing the Importation of Arms, Gunpowder, and Ammunition, and the making, removing, telling, and keeping of Gunpowder, Arms, and Ammunition, without Licence.

[19th February 1807.]

Injh Acts 16 G 3. c. 42. 39 G. 3. c. 37, (continued by 40 G. 3. (/.) c. 96. §11, 13.) further continued " foT Seven Years, from ill Aug. 1807."

CAP. IX.

An Act for allowing the Exportation annually of a limited Quantity of Worded Yarn to Canada.

[19th February 1807.]

WHEREAS Worsted or Woollen Yarn is an Article that is necessary to compleat the Aftortment of 1 Goods for the Indian Trade in Canada 5 and it is expedient that the Exportation of the fame in a

certain limited Quantity Should be allowed notwithstanding the Laws now in force for prohibiting such Hi«Vaj fly

1 Exportation; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty by and with the Advice and JE'V

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament a Tern bled, and by wetted Yj'n

the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act\ it shall and may be lawful for H13 n, r CXCtCd

Majesty, by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, to permit the Exportation of any On; ntity of s, ocoU> yc-«T*y

Worded or Woollen Yarn, not exceeding Five thousand Pounds Weight in any one Year, from the Port of , un' !, 1€

London, to be transported to the Province of Lower Canada, in such Proportions, at Inch Tiv.si?, in such Lower^Cinoda

Manner, and subject to such Regulations and Restrictions, as shall be directed and appointed by 1 Ii> Majesty, uwcr J

by and with the Advice aforesaid; any Thing in an Act passed in the Twenty-eighth Year r present

Majesty8 Reign, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into one Act of Parliament, fevral Laws now 28 G. 3. c 38*

in bang for preventing the Exportation of live Sheep, Rams, and Lambs; Wool, Woolf els, Martinss, S'ortlings,

him, and Worsted; Crutls, Coverlids, Waddings, and other Manufactures or pretended Manuf id arts made of

Wool flighty wrought up or dbet wife put together, so as the fame may be redu ed to and made use of as Wool

again; MaUrnJfcs cr Bedsfluffed with Combed Wool or Wool Jit for combing; Fullers Earth, Fulling Clay and

TobaccoPipe clay, from this Kingdom, and from the Isles of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, into Foreign Parts', and for rendering more effectual an Act passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of King Henry the

Eighth, intituled, 1 An Act for the Winding of Woolf to the contrary notv ithilanding.

CAP. X.

An A <ft for raising the Sum of One Million by Treasury Bills for the Service of Ireland for the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven.

[19th February 1807.]

u Bills charged on Supplies of the present Session, or on Irish Consolidated Fund. §6.*

[In all other Particulars (except the Sum) th.j c.d is similar to 46 G. 3. c. 46 ]

CAP. XI.

An Act to authorize His Majesty, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, to make Regulations respecting the Trade and Commerce to and from the Caff oj G: d Hope.

[19th February 1807.]

[ (ee 46 G. 3. c. 30. to which this Act is p e; fe!y similar.]

CAP. XII.

An Act to aholsfh certain O Rices in the Culfoms in Ireland', and to abolish or regulate certain other Offices therein..[19th February 1807.]

WHEREAS certain OlTtces in His Majesty's Clifton s in Ireland, hereafter enumerated, which have 1 T? usually granted by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Ireland, have been found to he

uraiecefTary, and other Offices in the said Customs, which have been also usually granted by like Letters Patent, although the Duties, or some thereof, are necessary or used, have been commonly executed by

Deputies appointed by the Patentees respectively; and it is expedient that some of the said Offices Should he aholidied, and that others Should not in future he granted by Letters Patent, and Should be abolished, so far

at any of the Duties thereof shall appear not to be necessary or tifeful, or may more properly be discharged

by other existing Officers; and that Proviiioii Should be made for the Discharge of inch Duties, in such Manner as shall be found convenient to the puLlick Service: May it therefore p lea fe Your Majesty that it tnay be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Offices in the Customs and Port Duties of Ireland herein after specified, that is

to fav, The Office of Cuilomcr in the several and respective Ports of Baltimore, lieljajl, Cork, Dovaghadce, Certain Oflk* Drogheda, Dundalk, Galway, Killy1egs, Kinfale, Larne, Limerick, Londonderry, Newty, Ross, Tralee Waterford, in the Cult m. > Wexford, Wicklow, and Toughal; the Office of Searcher, Packer, and Gauger in the several and rrfpeiftive in 1<eland shall Ports of Dublin, Belfaff, Co k, and Drogheda', the Office of Searcher in the several and respective P.'rts of Donaghadee, Dundalk, Galway, Kinfale, Larne, Limerick, Londonderry, Niwry, Ross, St-angfrrd, uco^c

4

Ceitaln other Offices Cha*J not in future ho granted by Patent except under the Pi ovi lions of this Aifi, and

ih.*ll he aK-lilhcd or regulated .accordingly.

Picfent Officers nut compellable to give moie Attendance. CormnifTMners of Cudurrs, wi: h Approbation of tt e Treasury,

Jtc ni3y provide for tl e Execution of such Offices as appear necesfaiy.

Persons appointed to execute a? y of the Offices to be regulated under this A A, may act under such A ppoiiuuuut unnl such K< gulaiion is nude.

Commissioners of Cuffcm?, with Content of Treasury and LyidLtf utenant, n.ay give Saluwej, &c. and also rmkc Comprnfation for Offices abolished.

Accounts of new Appointments (h-dl be laid before Parliament*

C. 12. 470 GEORGII III. Sess. i. A.D. 1Scy.

lVatcrford> JVexford, and Youghal; the Office of Taller of Wines and Surveyor of Out?, and the Office of Surveyor General of Ireland, shall not, nor shall any of them, from and after the passing of this Act. be granted to any Person or Persons whomsoever; and that such of the said several Offices as are vacant shall forthwith be, and the same are hereby wholly abolished; and that such of them as are not vacant shall hereafter from Time to Time, as the tame shall respectively become vacant, be in like Manner abolished; and the same are hereby, from and after the respective Times when the same shall respectively become vacant as aforesaid, wholly abolished.

II. And be it further enacted, That the several Offices in the Customs and Port Duties of Ireland herein after specified, that is to say, The Office of Comptroller and Accountant General, the Office of Examinator of Customs, the Office of Craner and Wharfinger in the Port of Dublin, the Office of Regiller General of Shipping for Ireland, the Office of Customer of the Port of Dublin, < usually called Cullomer and Collector of the Port of Dublin), the Office of Clerk of Ship Entries in the Port of Dublin, the Office of Clerk of the Coast for Dublin, the Office of Comptroller of the several and respective Ports of Dublin, Belfast, Cork, Drogheda, Dundalk, Killybeggs, K'mfcde, Larne, Limerick, Londonderry, New y, Ross, Sligo, Sfrar.gford. Tralee, Waterford, Wixford, U'ickl.nv, and Yovghal, being Offices the Duties whereof are in Part useful and necessary, shall not, nor shall any of such Offices, from and after the passing of this Act, be granted to any Person or Persons, by Patent or otherwise, save as herein after mentioned; and that such of them as are vacant shall forthwith be abolished, and the same are hereby abolished, fare as herein after provided; and that such of them as are not vacant, shall hereafter from Time to Time, as the lame finll respectively become vacant, be in like Manner abolished;and the same are hereby accordingly, from and after the respective Times when the same shall respectively become vacant, abolished, save as herein after mentioned.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Officers before mentioned, nor any of them, shall not be compelled to any other Attendance on the Duty of their several Offices, during the Continuance of the existing Grants to them, than has heretofore been given.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Customs £: ul Port Duties in Ireland, with the Approbation of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, and of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, to provide for the Execution of such of the Duties of the several Offices last mentioned as shall in their Judgement appear to he necessary or useful, either by appointing (by Instrument under their Hands, with the Approbation aforesaid), proper Persons to execute, during their Pleasure, such necessary and useful Duties of so many of the said Offices as are vacant as aforesaid, and of so many of the said Offices as are not vacant, when and as the same shall respectively become vacant; or by consoliduting in One or more Office or Offices, or separating into dillindl or different Offices, such necessary and useful Duties respectively, and otherwise regulating such Offices respectively, in such Manner as the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Dut es, with the Approbation of the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer, and the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Inland, for the Time being, shall, in their Judgement from Time to Time think fit and proper.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who shall Or may, before the Fifth Day of January G*ne thousand eight hundred and seven, have been appointed to execute any of the Duties of any of the find several Offices not wholly abolished by the Provisions of this Act, shall, to all Intents and Purpo(cs, have the fame Power and Authority to execute and perform such Duties of such Offices respectively as they would have had if this Act had not been made, until such Persons respectively, or fume other Person or Persons, shall be appointed to execute such Duties respectively, under the Authority of this Act; and that all Persons who shall or may be appointed to execute any of the Duties of any of inch Offices, under the Authority of this Act, shall have the fame Powers and Authorities, to all Intents and Purposes, to execute and perform such Duties respectively, as the fame Persons respectively would have had if such Persons had been appointed tu such Offices respectively before the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seven, according to the Terms of the several Warrants, Commissions, or Inlinunents, which such Persons so to be appointed shall respectively receive from the said Commissioners cf Customs and Port Duties, with the Approbation aforesaid, for executing such Duties respectively.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lid Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, with the Approbation of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, and of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Inland, to appoint such Salaries to be taken and had by the several Persons who shall be appointed by the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties to execute any of the Duties of any of the said Offices, not wholly abolished by this Act, as the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, with fu^h Approbation, shall think fit.

VII. And be it further enacted, That on the absolute Abolition of any Office under the Provisions of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland for the Time being, with the Approbation aforesaid, to make such just and reasonable Compensation, as they shall in their Judgement think proper, to the Deputy or Deputies, Clerk or Clerks, or to any other Person or Persons, who* on or immediately before the passing of this Act, was or were employed in such Office so abolished as aforesaid.

VIII. Provided alway s, and be it enacted, That when and as often as it shall be found necessary to make a new Appointment under the Authority of this Act, for the Execution of any of the Duties of Inch of the Offices herein mentioned as shall be requisite to be performed, although the Patents are abolished, the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties shall in all such Cases lay an Account of the fame before both Houses of Parliament within Fourteen Days after the Beginning of each Session, describing the Office, and the Amount of the Salary which shall be appointed for the same.

A.D. 1807.

47 GEORGII III. Sess. 1. C. 13.

Cap. xm.

An Act for Inverting certain Commissioners appointed for the Examination of Accounts and Expenditure relating to the Office of Barrack Mailer General, with certain Powers and Authorities necessary for the Examination of such Accounts and Expenditure.

[19th February 1807.]

WHEREAS by a Warrant under His Majesty's Royal Sign Manual, dated the Eighteenth Day of

September One thousand eight hundred and six. Colonel Charles Hcrries and Wiliam Bragge Esquire,

wm appointed Commissioners during His Majesty's Pleasure for inquiring into and ascertaining what Sums of

Money bad at any Time, since the Twenty-fourth Day of December One thousand seven hundred and

ninety two, been issued to or received by Oliver De Lancey Esquire, either as Superintendant General of

Baracks or as Barrack Mader General, or for the Service of the Barrack Department, or issued to or received by any other Person or Persons on his Account for such Service, and likewise for inquiring into ' th.* Expenditure thereof, and further for inquiring and ascertaining what Part or Parts thereof do dill

remain in the Hands of the said Oliver De Lancey, or of any other Person or Persons chargeable therewith;

and also for inspecting, examining, and dating all Accounts of the said Oliver De Lancey, or of any other Person or Persons in any wise relating to the Receipt or Expenditure of such Sums of Money or any Part or Parts thereof, and likewise for examining and inquiring into the Terms and Fulfilment of all Contracts for ' Buildngs, or supplying of Stores for the Serviie of the Barrack Department, which shall have been made or entered into by the said Oliver De Lancey, cither as Superintendant General of Barracks or as Barrack Mader

General, or by any other Person fur the Service of the Barrack Department, whether by Authority of the ' saul Oliver De I.ancy or otherwise, during the Time that the said Oliver De Lancey held either of the said ' OfKees or aCled as such Superintendant General of Barracks or as Barrack Mader General, and whether all such Contracts have been performed and fulfilled according to the Tenor and Effe£l thereof, and if the fame ' or any of them have not been performed and fulfilled in what respect and to what Extent in Value and other., ife, and why and for what Reason the fame have not been performed and fulfilled, and likewise for infpt fiing and examining the several Warrants, Orders, Authorities, and Vouchers, whi< h should be produced 1 to tlier, 1 for flippyrting and verifying such Accounts: And whereas the said Colonel Charles Hcrries and 4 ll' '!uim Brugge were by the f; .id Warrant required to observe such Orders and instructions in relation to the 4 P.-einifrs, as they should at any Time receive from His said Majesty or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being: And whereas it is essential to the full and proper Execution of the said Powers contained'in the said Commission, and to the Examination of the said Accounts and Expenditure, and of the Matters ' and T .111 gi je'aiing to the said Barrack Jdepartment, specified in the said Warrant, that full Power and Authority should be given to them the said Colonel Charles He r'tes and William Bragge Esquire, for the

Purposes aforesaid; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice a d Cor.leat of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by tic Authority of the same, That for the hetrer Execution of the Trust reposed in them the said Commissioners nar.ird in the said Warrant are hereby authorised to meet and fit from Time to Trim? in such Place or Places u.th.n the Cities of I.cndon and Wyhmvjlc, ar elsewhere within the United Kingdom as they shall find most C(.'rv\' c t, with or without Adjournment; ami to find their Precept or Precepts under their Hands and Seals ftr any P/rfon or Person3 whomsoever, and for such Books, Papers, Writings, or Records relating to any Cantraris, Derings, Transinftions, or other Matters or Things referred to them, as Hull be necessary for turning into Execution th.1 Trust reposed in them, all which Person or Persons are hereby required and dire died pun.vurily to attend the said Commissioners at such Time and Times, Placr and Places as shall be by them a; >poi.t'rJ, and such Person or Persons as shall so bo font for (hull, if he or they require the fame, have such rab tnbly Costs and Charges as the said Commissioners shall in their Discretion think fit to allow to each of t'.r m rc lpcrOfiively.

II. And, for rendering more effectual all such Examinations as are intended to be had under this Act, be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissionerv, and they are hereby authorised and required to e zmieinou Oath, or Affirmation of Persons being Quakers, (which Oath or Affirmation they or either of them arc oris hereby authorised to adnrnilter) all Persons whom they shall find Occasion to call before them to be examined touching all Matters and Tilings neceslhry for the Execution of the Trust reposed in them

III. And be it further enacted, T'liat if any Person or Persons summoned to appear before the fakl C< mr, fT.-n.ers ill 'll w'lfully neglect or refuse to appear before the said Commissioners, or to bring or produce any Accounts, Books, Papers, Writings, or Records relating to any Contends, healings, Tnmfactions or other Matters or Things respecting which the said Commissioners are by the said Warrant airhorised and threried to inquire, that ffinll be in his, her, or their PoTtflion, Custody, or Power, and which he, ihe, or tHy Call have been required by such Precept tv» produce, or shall refuse to be sworn, or being Quakers ill11 vfule to affirm, er being fw-orn, or being Quakers having affirmed, shall refuse to answer to and befoxc such Commiflinr.ers any Qin flion on Oath or Affirmation touching or concerning any Thing relating to any such Contracts, Dealings, Transiuff ions, Accounts, Matters, or'Things, every Inch Person so refilling to comply mthaiiv such the lawful Requifitiens, of the said Commissioners, shall be liable to the Payment of such Fine to his Majesty as the Court e>f Jvvchequer, on Application made to the said Court by the said Commissioners, or by His Majesty's Attorney General, flnll think fit to set and i in pole; which Fine the said Court is hereby authored ana empowered to set and impose, according to their Discretion, and to enforce in such Manner and by fiickProecfs as the said Court shall think proper.

C.-mm'iriinfr# ^pp lined t>y H.» Mj if if y e up >wi icd ro fend for Pcif^n* ai d Recutdj.

Cvmm'iri.'ner*

empowered Iu examine im O.nh.

Pv'rfp H r» sufi: g k; app ir ur lo

pi; rttn e t ApcrSr

or 'luhtig o dc fwn 11 or anl wcr*

m.iv Ik fined by tli" Con t of Excluquer.

P rfons in Pi ir.>n rruv i moved by Hat tad Corpus.

Oath of the CommnAoiiers.

Apennines of Perjury on false Evidence.

His Majesty to appoint Comn»ilT»o»ier» 'not being M. P. in eale of A'acaucy.

Limitation of Action*,

6 Mo..in*.

General lfllre.

Treble Cults.

43 G. 3. c. io6.

Clerk to Commissionm for '{. king Evidence under reeled Act ditll be IwOfB.

Ko Voter (b .11 be a Coromif-tooer to take Evidence.- nor Clerk to fuefc Commi&oucr*.

C. 13, 14. 470 GEORGII III. ScfT.r. A.D. 1807.

IV. And whereas it is expedient to make Provision for bringing Persons detained in Custody under Civil or Criminal Process to be examined before the said Commissioners touching such Matters and Things as are necessary for the Execution of the Trust reposed in them; be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for any Judge of His Majesty's Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas respectively, or for any Baron of His Majesty* Court oi PIxchequer of the Degree of the Coif, at his Discretion, on the Application of the said Commi (Turners, to award a'Writ or Writs of Habeas Corpus for bringing any Prisoner or Prisoners detained in any Gaol or Prison in that Part of the United Kingdom called England before such Commissioners, to he by them examined touching the Matters and Things aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners before they exercise any of the Powers and Authorities given to them by this Act shall take an Oath before the Chancellor of the Exchequer, or before the Matter 01 the Rolls for the Time being, (which Oath they and each of them arc and is hereby authorized and required to administer), the Tenor whereof shall be as followeth; (that is to say, )

I A.B. do swear, That according to the best of my Skill and Knowledge, I v ill faithfully, impartially,

*and truly execute the several Powers and Trusts vetted in me by His Majesty's Warrant, dated the Eighteenth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and six, and by an Act, intituled, yin sUi [here

hjertthe Title of this Act-\ according to the Tenor and Purport of the said Warrant and the said Act.'

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons upon Examination on Oath, or, being Quakers, upon Affirmation, before such Commissioners, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, every such Person so offending and being thereof duly convicted, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law now in force Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjuryre subject and liable to.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case of a Vacancy or Vacancies by Death, Resignation, or Removal of either or both of the said Commissioners, it shall be lawful for His Majesty to nominate and appoint such Person or Persons, not being a Member or Members of the House of Commons, and from Time to Time in like Manner to appoint any other Person or Persons in the Room of any Commissioner or Commissioners so appointed, and dying, resigning, or being removed, as His Majesty may think proper, to supply any such Vacancy or Vacancies; and that every Person so nominated and appointed, having taken the Oath of Offi e above mentioned, shall be held, deemed, and taken to be invested with all the fame Powers and Authorities as are by this Act vested in the Commissioners appointed under His Majesty's said Warrant of the Eighteenth Day)f September One thousand eight hundred and six, in Manner herein before mentioned.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Action shall be brought against the said of or eiiher of them, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, for any Matter or Thing whatsoever done or committed under or by virtue or in Execution of this Act, unless such Action shall be brought within Six Calendar Months next after the doing or committing of such Matter or Thing; Provided also, that if any Action or Suit shall be hereafter commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Matter or Thing done under or by virtue or in the Execution of this Act, such Person or Persons may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence; and if the i laintiff shall become nonsuited or fuss-T Discontinuance, orr mbear further Prosecution, or if Judgement shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants, such Defer , «nt or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, for which he, she, or they shall have the like Remedy as where Costs by Law are given to Defendants,

lt Act may be altered or repealed this Session. §9."

CAP. XIV.

An Act to amend several Acts, for regulating the rial of Controverted Elections or Returns of

Members to serve in Parliament, so far as the same relate to Ireland. [ 19th February 18.>7.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Forty-fecoml Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, V An Act for regulating the Trial of Controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in the United

( Parliament, for Ireland, and it is expedient that further Regulations should be made for carrying the said Act

into Execution; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent o the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, when any Person shall be appointed to be Clerk to any Commissioners under the said recited Act, for the Purpose of examining any Matters or Things referred to them by any Select Committee of the House of Commons, in Manner directed by the said recited Act, such Person so appointed to be Clerk shall be sworn by the Chairman of the said Commissioners, faithfully and truly to take down in Writing the Evidence adduced before the said Commissioners, and from Day to Bay, -as Occasion may reqiire, to transcribe, or cause the same to be transcribed, for the Use of the salt! CtrmnniTioners; and that in taking down the said Evidence in Writing, he will give the cxaft Words in which such Evidence shall be delivered in as accurate a Manner as the fume can puffibly be duv.e, and will in all Things conduct himself, as such Clerk, without Favour, Aiicftion, or Malice, according to the best of his Skill and Judgement.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be chosen or appointed to be a Commissioner under the said recited Act, for the Purposes of examining any Matters or Tilings referred to Commissioners by any Select Committee of the House of Commons, for the Trial of any Petition under the Provisions of the said recited Act, or to be Clerk to such Commissioners, who shall have voted at the Election in question, or who shall have or claim any Right or Title to vote for the County, City, Borough, Town or Place, respecting which

the

A.D. 1807.

47 GEORGII III. Sess. i. C. 14.

(talc lhe speciftc ions to e.ich; where Objections ire flared in lupporr of w'.ion no Evidence it

tta F.efbon or Return complained of, or other Subject Matter of such Perition arose or happened, without the CoaicRt and Approbation in writing of the Petitioners and Sitting Members by and against whom any such Petition shall be preferred.

III. Provided always, That any Objection to the Appointment of such Commissioner shall be made at the oVie^hn to fuel* Tire of his being chosen and appointed, and that any Objection to the Appointment of such Clerk shall be made AppoinniKnt*. at the FirtI Meeting of the Commissioners, otherwise any Objection cither to the Appointment of Commissioner

or Clerk fhdl be invalid and of none Effect, and such Appointment of Commissioner or Clerk shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Parties appearing before any Sele& Committee of the House of LA* of Vot^i

Commons, under the said recited Act, and delivering any Lifts ot Votes, or of the Names of Voters, to which objected t» shall either of the said Parties propose and intend to object, shall in such Lifts specify and particularize against every Vote, and against the Name of every Voter contained in such Lift, the speciiic and particular Ground or Grounds of Objection upon which such Party purposes and intends to object against such Vote or Voter respectively; and that no Evidence shall be adduced before such Select Committee, or before any Commissioners to be appointed under the said recited Act, against the Validity of any Vote or Voter upon any Ground of Objection to such Vote or Voter other than One of the Grounds so specified and particularized; and that if any Ground of duccri

Objection shall be stated against any Vote or Voter, and no Evidence shall be produced before such Select maybe reported Committee, or before such Commissioners, to substantiate the Objection against such Voter or Voters, upon frivolous and such Ground of Objection so stated, and if the Select Committee appointed for the Trial of the Petition whereon vexatious

such Proceeding shall arise, shall be" of Opinion that such Proceeding was frivolous and vexatious, the said Committee shall report the same to the House of Commons, together with their Opinion on the other Matters relating to the said Petition; and the Party or Parties against the Votes or Voters for whom any Objection or Objections shall be made, on which no I vidence shall be produced, shall, in such Case, be entitled to recover from the Party or Parties by or on whose Behalf any such Objection or Objections was or were made, the full Costs and Expences incurred by reason of such frivolous and vexatious Objection or Objections; which Costs and E* pence* shall be ascertained and recovered in the same Manner and Form as are now provided by Law for the Recovery of Costs and Expences in Cases of frivolous or vexatious Petitions, or frivolous or vexatious Op-position to any Petition.

V. And be it further enacted, That when any Select Committee of the House of Commons shall re-assemble sc\c£\ corr_ to try and determine the Merits of any Petition under the said recited Act, after any Proceedings shall have been muree*, after had by or before any Commissioners appointed under the said recited Act for examining any Matters which shall Proceeding# have been referred to them by such Select Committee, it shall and may be lawful for such Select Committee to

fend for all or any such Books, Papers, and Records, or other written Documents, as were produced in Evidence before such Commissioners, in like Manner as such Select Committee might have done if no such Proceedings papCr», &c. tad been had by or before such Commissioners, and without directing any Warrant to the Chairman of the produced b. fore said Commissioners, and without ordering or directing the said Commissioners to re-assemble: Provided <wch Commii-

always, that such Select Committee shall, in all other Respects, proceed to try the Merits of such Petition, Ut

in Maimer directed by the said recited Act, and shall determine on all such Matters and Things as shall have [h/commil-tan tried and examined by the said Commissioners from the written Minutes of the Evidence and Proceedings boners, but shall before the said Commissioners, and from the lufpedlion of such Books, Papers, Records, and Documents, 10 not enterimo hr oriy as may relate to such Evidence and Proceedings; but such Select Committee shall not call for, new Pomts o' receive in Evidence, any Extracts from such Books, Papers, Records, or Documents, or other than such increu, 1'

2$ wirereceived and produced before such Commissioners, nor to any Point or Matter not in issue before such

Commissioners.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk to he appointed by any Commissioners for the Purpose of cirrk so fumining Matters and Things referred to them by any Select Committee, under the said recited Act, shall from Co rumiriioners Time to Tiire make or cause to be made tme Copies of the Minutes of all Proceedings before such Commis- ^all kc fiorcr*, and of all such Evidence as shall he given or produced before them, and shall give one such Copy to each Jnrie ^e., KJ0^cr of the Parties interested, or his or their Agent, or to such of them as shall demand the fame, on being paid for c'*c°o7 °T each Sheet of the said Copy, confiding of Seventy-two Words, the Sum of Three-pence, and no more; and Minnies and that fur Copies of the said Minutes and Evidence to be transmitted by such Clerk of the Commissioners to Evue cr.

the Cle rk of the Crown in Ireland, and to the Speaker of the Houfb or Commons, in Manner directed by the ^ct 3* kid recited Act, such Clerk shall receive from the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury in Dublin such Sum c. 106

as the said Commissioners whose Clerk he was, shall think fit, not exceeding in any Case the Sum of Three-

pence for ewry Sheet confiding of Seventy-two Words which such Copy shall contain, and no more; any in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Sum to be received by any Clerk to any such Limein? rhe

Comm fli. mrs for such Copies shall not, in any Litlance, or under any Rate ot Calculation, exceed the Sum of Sum 10 , e filly Pounds for each such Copy, containing as well the Minutes of all Proceedings as of all Evidence given or £|C*, jj!cl<j> produced before such Commissioners and delivered to either of the Parties interested, or his Agent, or transmitted Co.nmitfonrri to the Clerk of the Crown in Ireland, or to the Speaker of the llonfe of Commons respectively; any Thing in f.jr C ipirs of tl*n Act or in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding. Pioc«<iing>, &c

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Order for taking into Consideration any Petition relative to the T[mc for Trill of any Controverted Elec'* ion or Return, or Right of Election, in Ireland, shall not be discharged until reiving

the Expiration of Twenty-eight Days after such Petition shall have been presented to the House of Commons, Recog*»xanerf by reason that the Recognizance required by an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majority's il jm irc*3, d Reign, intituled, An Act for the furtUr Regulation of the Trials of Controverted EUnions or Returns of Antuli

*° iSG.3. c

8

i

Powers of 41 G. 3. c u6, extended to this

Aa.

Irish A£\j 3S G. 3. c. 72. 39 O. 3 c. 33.

46 G 3. c. 123.

So much of Acts 3b & 39 G. 3 as authorises the S^le of Lauds, See. forfeited to the Crown, and of 46 G 3. c. 123. $ 3, as rc; at< s to transfer of Stuck tuC<> nmitfiunct* for National Debt, icpcakd.

Such Transfers shall be made to the Treasury a*'d applied as Quit Rents.

C. 14 — 16. 47° GEORGII III. Sess.i. A.D. 1807.

to serve in Parliament, was not received by the Speaker under the Provisions of the said recited Act, any Thing

in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding; and in cufe such Recognizance shall not be received by the Speaker before the Expiration of the said Twenty eight Days, he shall report the same to the House; whereupon the House shall proceed in such Manner as they would have proceeded under the said recited Act, in case inch Recognizance had not been received by the Speaker within the Space of Fourteen Days in the said Act mentioned: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to alter or enlarge the Time for entering into such Recognizances under the Provisioas of the said recited Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all the Clauses, Powers, Penalties, and Provisions in the said recited Act of the Fort y-second Year of His present Majesty mentioned and contained, and not hereby altered or repealed, shall be applied in Execution of this Act as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Clausee, Powers, Penalties, and Provisions, were expressly repeated and re enacted in this Act.

CAP. XV.

An Act: to continue for the Term of Seven Years, certain Acts for the bett=r'Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to seduce Per foils serving- in His Maj city's Forces by Sea or Land from their Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny or Disobedience.

[! 9th February 1807.]

f< British Aft 37 G. 3. c. 70. (lad continued by 41 G. 3. G. B c 29.); and Irj/Jj Act 37 G. 3. c. 40. <( (continued by 40 G. 3. (/.) c. 96. §12.) recited and further continued for 7 Years from id A.'guf 1807.'*

CAP. XVI.

An Act to amend several Acts for the Sale of His Majesty's Quit Rents, Crown and other Rents, and of certain Lands forfeited and undisposed of in Irelan /.

[17th March 1807.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Parliament of Inland in the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intiruled, Hn Act for the Sale of His Majesty's Quit Rents. Crown and other Rents* and of the Rands forfeited in the Tears One thousand six hundred and forty-one, and Ore thou fundfx hundred andsighiy*efht9

and other Lands yet remaining undisposed of, in such Manner and under jmh Pr<ti)f; : Jps as are therein mentioned: And f whereas an Act was made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thir'y-ninth Year of His present Majed) 's Reign,

to amend the said recited Act of the Thirty-eighth Year: And whereas an Act was made in the last Session of

Parliament toamend the said recited Acts 01 the Thirty eighth and Thirty-ninth Years: And whereas it is expedient that the said recited Acts should be amended in Manner herein after mentioned; be it therefore cr.acted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Coulont of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of all or anyt of the said recited Acts as authorizes the Sale or Dispolalof any Lands, Tythes, Tenements, or Hereditaments, forfeited to the Crown under any of the Acts, in any of the said recited Acts mentioned, and also so much of the said recited Act of the last Session as directs that the Stock or Annuities to be given and paid as the Consideration for the Sale of all or any Quit Rents, Crown Rents, or Composition Rents, payable to His Majesty, or of any Lands, Tythes, Tenements, and Hereditaments, forfeited to the Crown under any of the Acts in the said recited Act mentioned, shall be transferred to the Commissioners appointed by an Act made in the Forty-feeond Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for amending an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign for the Reduction of the National Debt of Ireland* in Trull fertile Purposes of the said Acts, and that all such Stock or Annuities respectively shall and may be from Time to Time paid and transferred, by such Indalments, and in such Proportions, and in such Manner and Form, and under such Conditions and Regulation.^ as the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland* or Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer, or any Three of them, with the Consent of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, shall in that Behalf dirt ft or appoint, be and the fame is hereby repealed; and that, from and after the passing of this Act, all and every such Stock or Annuities as shall be given and paid for the Sale of any Quit Rents, Crown Rents, or Composition Rents, under and by virtue of the said lall recited Act, shall also be transferred by the Person or Persons so paying or

fiving the same to the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or to the Commissioners for erediting the Office of -ord High Treasurer of Ireland for the Time being, in whinli Name or Names the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland are hereby authorized and required to permit Transfers to be made of the said Stock or Annuities respectively, and that such Transfe s be accepted by the said Lord High Treasurer of Ireland* or by the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland for the Time being, or any Three of them, who are hereby required to accept the fame accordingly, and that all and singular the said Stock or Annuities shall remain in vested in the Name of the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland* or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, and shall not be transferred or transferable without the Authority of Parliament, but that all the Interest or Dividends on such Stock or Annuities respectively shall be from Time to Time paid by the said G : vernor and Company into the Hands of such Person or Persons as shall be appointed to receive the same, by Warrant or Power of Attorney under the Hand and Seal of the said Lerd High Treasurer or of the Commissioners appointed to execute the Office of Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, or any Three of them, and shall by force and virtue of this Act be from Time to Time answered, accounted for, applied and appropriated to such and the same Uses and Purposes as the said Quit Rents, Crown Rents, and Composition Rents now are or would hereafter be liable to be applied and appropriated in case the said recited Acts and this Act had not been made.

9 CAP

A.D. 1807.

470 GEORGII III. Sess. i.

C. 17.

CAP. XVII.

An Act to secure the Collection of the Duties on Auctions in Ireland\ and to prevent Frauds therein

[17th March 1807.)

WHEREAS the Laws now in force for feeuring the Collection of the Duties on Auctions, in Ireland, 1 Y have been found inefficient fot the Purpose, and it is expedient that the fame should cease and he

1 repealed, and that one new Law, with such Provision* as may be ncceiTary, should be tnaded; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, /n Act to secure the Colic ftion of the Duties on Jvftions and on Glass Bolter made in this Kingdom, and on Paper printed\ painted, or flawed, in this Kingdom, to serve for Hangings or other Uses, and to prevent Frauds therein; and also so much of Two several Acts, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of His said Majesty's Reign, for amending the said recited Act of the Thirty-eighth Year aforesaid, and also so much of One other Act, made in the Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in the Forty-third Year of His said Majesty's Reign, for amending several Acts for the Collodion and Security of the Revenue of Customs and Excise in Ireland, as relates to the collecting and feeuring the Duties payable on Auctions in Ireland, and to the Exemptions from the same, and so much of any Act or Acts as purport to continue any of the said Acts, so far as the same relate to the Collection of the Duties on Auctions, shall, from and after the Twenty-fourth Lay of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, cease and determine, and Hi all be and are hereby repealed; except so far as may concern the prosecuting, filing for, or recovering, levy ing, orcolledirg any Duties on Auctions, or Arrears of any such Duties, or any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, relating to Auctions, which shall or may have been incurred under the said Acts, or any of them, on or before the said Twenty-fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven.

II. And for the better feeuring the Payment of the Duties on Auctions in Ireland, be it enadeJ, That no Person what foe ver, who at any Time after the said Twenty-fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, shall exercise the Trade or Business of an Audioncer or Seller by Commission at any Sale of any Estate, Goods, or Effects whatsoever, by Outcry, Knocking-dowti of Hammer, by Caudle, by Lot, by Parce1, or by any other Mode of Sale at Auction, or whereby the highest Bidder is deemed to he the Purchaser, or who shall Ad

: h Capacity, shall deal in, vend, or tell, or put up to Sale, any Estate, Goods, or Effects whatsoever, b Public Sale, or otherwise by way of Auction as aforesaid, in any Manner whatsoever in IreUtul, without fir)

j out a Licence to fell by Auction from the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any One of them, or from some Person or Persons appointed by the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, for that Purpose, and every such Licence shall be 01 force until the Twenty-fifth Day of March next after the Time of the granting thereof and no longer 5 And if any Person shall exercise the said Trade or Business of an Auctioneer, or ad in such Capacity in Ireland, without having such Licence in force, such Person shall forfeit for even* such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Person having taken out such Licence to fell by Auction, shall have or cause to be painted on a Board with Letters at all Times in the Day time publickly visible and legible, at lead an Inch long, in White upon a Black Ground, or Black upon a White Ground, the Name and Surname respectively of such Person at full Length, and also the Words, Licenced Audioncer which Board shall be affixed in some conspicuous Place on the Out side of the Front of the Dwelling House of the Person so liccnied, rot more than. Three Feet dillant from the Top of the Outfido Door of such Dwelling House; and such Person shall preserve and keep np the fame Board so painted during the Continuance of such Licence, or in Default thereof shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall forge, alter, or counterfeit, or shall cause to be forged, altered, or counterfeited any Licence to fell by Auction, or shall produce or make use of, or cause to be produced or made use of as a true Licence to fell by Auction, any such forged, altered, or counterfeited Licence, or any Paper purporting to be a Licence in force to fell by Auction, and not being such Licence in foice, such Person shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, One Moiety thereof to His Majesty, and the other to the Person who shall prosecute or sue for the fame, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Dublin, in which no Essoign, Protection, or W'ager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance shall he allowed.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Person felling by Auction shall not at the Time of any such. Sale by Auction, on Demand of any Officer ot Inland Excise and Taxes, or of any Officer of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, produce and (lv.*w to such Officer a Licence to such Person to fell by Auction, in force, ftivh Person so felling shall for every such Default forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and it (h ill and may be lawful for any Peace Officer, at the Request of such Officer of Inland Excise and Taxes, or Officer of Customs and Purt buties, to take such Person so r-'fuffng to shew such Licence into Custody, and to bring him before a Justice of the Peace, who upon Proof of toe Fad shall commit such Person to the House of Correction or other Gaol for any Time not exceeding Three Weeks.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Rates and Duties by Law charged on Auctions shall be and they are hereby declared to be a Charge upon every Audioncer or Seller by Commission, immediately from and after the Knocking-down of the Hammer, or other Closing of the Bidding mi every Article at every Sale by way of Auction; and that the Rates and Duties so charged shall be paid by every such Audioncer or Seller by Commission in Manner and at the Times herein after mentioned: And it shall be lawful for every such

47 Geo. III. C Audioncer

580.3. (\) c 24. § f — ZO.

39 G. 1. (I.)

c 2-.§l.

4> G. 3 (I.)

c. 87.

43 G. 3.

C. 07. $ I, z.

R'cited ai.d for Co.nt.ru ing I hern ifpeuieil -r except to An cur* of Duty, 5tc.

No Person (hull

ici .is an Au«l< i ru cr veil.nut hei g lire* f tl by

Commuftonti* o\ Excite Penalty 50l.

LictnOd A; lwtloiicrf lh.ifl put up u Eo.ua. Pen.illy iol.

Pen.illy Otl f. rgi or Ilf: "?; fjlgt'.l l.lwVIII,

5«I.

IVv'tv on iv'-. P'o'io

L eercv wen required 501.

and Three \Vleks Impri* (unmu)t.

AuctLnter

ctrurgc.ihfe with ti c Duty knocuuijj down tile Lor, arid

nvry return 1 c fume.

io

C. 17.

47° GEORGII III. Sefl.i.

A.D. 1807.

Ford shall be

given 10 p >y

Dulit ?, See. by Auctioneer, m-ith Two Suictiei.

in Dublin Ditlria 500V. and iooI. c; eh Surety;

elsewhere a50l. and >ol. each Surety.

AnArnr rr in Dnhiin D.rtiuft fbnll, 4k Hours t*et'-te S.tle, dritver at il-.c Ofi.rcs of the Kx.nnwator and Co lienor,

Notice of Place and Time of S.de, and a Catalogue of the Goods.

In the Counriy such Notice shall be given Three Days before Sale, and Two Copies delivered to the Collector of the Ddtntf.

Penalty 50b

Declaration whether AuAion was held or not Xh; ill be delivered in Dublin Dillntfl within Seven Day>:

in the Country within 14 Days.

Penalty 50l.

Notice of Appointment of iKputy by A«dtyoftccr.

Auctioneer or Seller by Commission, and he is hereby authorized and required, to retain the Amount of all such Rates and Duties out of the Produce of the Estate, Gooch, or Effects, on the Sale of which such Rates and Duties shall become clue and payable, or out of any Deposit made at any such Sale or Sales on Account of the Purchase Money for such Estate, Goods, or Effects respectively.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every Person in Ireland who, at any Time after the said Twenty-fourfli Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, shall exercise the Trade and Buiinefsof an Auctioneer or Seiler by Commission, or who shall act in such Capacity, shall at the Time of receiving his Licence give Security by Bond to l4is Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, with Two sufficient Sureties, which Bond the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxesin Ireland, or any Person or Persons duly authorized by them to grant such Licences, ishereby authorized and empowered to take, in Manner following; (that isto say>) Every Person who shall exercise such Trade or Business or act in such Capacity within every Part of the Diftri&of the Metropolis of Dublin, or within Six Miles of the Caille of D ublin, shall give such Security by Bond, himself in the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, and his Sureties in the Sum of One hundred Pounds each; and every Person who shall exercise such Trade or Business, or act in such Capacity in any other Part of Ireland, shall give such Security by Bond, himself in the Sum of Two hundred and fifty Pounds, and his Sureties in the Sum of Fifty Pounds each; the Condition of which Bonds respectively shall be, that the said Person who shall exercise such Trade or Business, or who shall act in such Capacity as aforesaid, shall and will deliver every Account of all and every Sale and Sales by him made, and also shall and will make Payment of all and every Sum or Sums of Money arising or becoming due to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, for the Auction Duty for or in lvipedt of all and every such Sale and Sales, at such Times as the same shall by Law be payable; and also shall and will comply with all Rules and Regulations respecting the Sale or putting up to Sale of any Goods, Wares, and Merchandize to be sold or put up to Sale by him, in Manner prescribed by this Act, or by any other Act, in force for securing the Collection of the said Duties.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall exercise tho Trade or Business of an Auctioneer within the Metropolis of Dublin, or within Six Miles of the Caille of Dublin, shall. Forty-eight Hours at least before the Commencement of any Sale by way of Auction, deliver or cauie to be delivered at the Office of the Examinator of Auction Duty in Dublin, and also at the Oflict of the Collector of Excise of the Di/tridt in which such Auction shall be held, a Notice in Writing, signed by such Auctioneer, specifying in each such Notice the particular Place where, and Day and Hour w*cn each Auction is to began; and shall at the same Time, or within Twenty four Hours after delivering such Notice, deliver or cauie to be delivered at each of the said Offices a written or printed Catalogue signed by such Auctioneer, in which Catalogue shall be particularly expressed and set forth every Article, Lot, Parcel, and Thing intended to be sold at such Auction; And every Person who shall exercise the Trade and Business of an Auctioneer in any other Part of Ireland, shall at least Three Days before such Auctioneer does begin any Sale by way of Auction, deliver or cause to be delivered at the Office of the Collector of Excise of the District in which such Sale is intended to be had, Two Copies of a like Notice in Writing, each of which Copies shall be signed by such Auctioneer, specifying therein the Place where, and the particular Day and Hour when, such Sale is to begin; and shall at the same Time, or within Twenty-four Hours after, deliver or cause to be delivered at such Office as aforesaid, Two Copies of a written or Printed Catalogue, signed by such Auctioneer, in which Catalogue shall be particularly expressed and set forth every Article, Lot, Parcel, and Thing, intended to be sold at such Auction: And if any Auctioneer shall fell er put up to sale any Estate, Goods, or Effects by way of Auction, without delivering or causing to be delivered the several Notices and Catalogues herein-before required to be delivered, or shall at any such Sale fell or put up to Sale any Estate, Goods, or Effects not particularly expressed or set forth in such Catalogue, every Auctioneer shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every Auctioneer who shall have delivered or cause to have been delivered any Notice or Catalogue for a Sale by Auction within the District of the Metropolis of 'Dublin, or within Six Miles of the Caille of Dublin, shall within Seven Days after the Day specified in such Notice as the particular Day when such Sale by Auction was to begin, deliver, or cause to be delivered at the Office of the Examinator of Auction Duty in Dublin, and also at the Office of the Collector of Excise in the District in which such Auction shall be held, a Declaration in Writing, signed by such Auctioneer, fctling forth whether or not any Sale by way of Auction h*ad been or was opened or begun under such Notice; and such Auctioneer shall make Oath to the Truth of such Declaration before the said Examinator of Auction Duty, which Oath such Officer is hereby authorizied, empowered, and required to administer, without Fee or Reward: And that every Auctioneer who shall have delivered or caused to have been delivered any Notice or Catalogue in any other Part of Ireland, shall, within Fourteen Days after the Day specified in such Notice as the particular Day when such Sale by Audi ion was to begin, deliver or cause to be delivered at the Office of Excise of the District in which such Sale had been or was intended to be held, Two Copies of a like Declaration in Writing (in like Manner as is herein before required with respect to Persons felling by Auction, within the District of the Metropolis, or within Six Miles of the Caitle of Dublin), to be verified on Oath by the said Auctioneer before the Collector of Excise of the District in which such Sale had been or was intended to be held; And every Auctioneer who shall neglect to make, or deliver or cause to be made or delivered, such Declarations, or to verify the fame by Affidavit respectively, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall vend or sell any Estate, Goods, or Effects, whatsoever as a Deputy for, or an Assistant or Clerk to, or in the Name of any Person licensed to fell by Audrion, ui.leis Notice in Writing signifying the Name and Place of Abode of the Person so deputed to fell, under the Hand of the Auctioneer in whose Name the Estate, Goods, or Effects shall be sold, shall have been given Three Days before the Sale to the Examinator of the Auction Duty in Dublin, and also to the Collector of Excise of the District within which such Auction shall be held, in case such Audtin is intended to be held within ti.c District

7 of

A.D. 1807.

47

0 GEORGII III. Sess. i.

C. 1

11

of th? Metropolis or within Six Miles of the Castle of Dublin; or if the Auction is intended to be held in any other Part of Ireland, unless Two Copies of a like Notice shall be given Three Days before the Sale to the Colle cl or of the District in which such Auction shall be held, signifying the Name and Place of Abode of the Pori on so deputed to fell; nor tinless the Person so deputed shall be then licensed to fell by Auction in the Diet riel within which such Auction shall be held: And if any Person shall so vend, sell, or put up to Sal.* by Auction, any Estate, Goods, or Effcdls, for or on Account of any other Person without such Notice having been given, or without being himself licenced to fell by Auction, every such Person for every such Offence shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and every such Deputy and his Sureties shall be liable for the Payment of the Auelmn Duty accruing upon any such Sale, as well as the principal Audlioueer for whom he acts, and the Sureties of such principal Auctioneer.

XL. And be it further enacted, That every Auctioneer who shall have delivered, or can fed to have been delivered, any such Catalogue for any Sale by Auction, shall be charged and chargeable with and shall pay the L'uty on each and every Article, Lot, Parcel, and Thing, enumerated, mentioned, or entered in such Catalogue; unlebfuch Auctioneer shall, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or any Three of them, make Proof on Oath before the Examinator of the Auction Duty in Dublin, or before the Collator of Excise of the Dillridl wherein such Sale shall be held, or intendedto be held, which Oath such Officers are hereby respectively authorized and required to administer without Fee or Reward, that the Article or Articles, Lot or Lots, Parcel or Parcels, Thing or Things, enumerated and mentioned or entered in such Catalogue, and for which any Allowance shall be claimed by such Auctioneer, was not or were not adlnaliy sold at such Auction cr otherwise disposed of by such Auctioneer, by any Manner or Kind of Contract, Bargain, Sale, or Agreement whatsoever, to the Knowledge or Belief of such Auctioneer.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every Auctioneer felling by Auction within the District of the Metropolis

of D.llin, or within Six Mites of the Castle of Dublin, shall and he is hereby required, within Twenty-six Days after the Commencement of any Sale by w ay of Auction, to deliver or cau(e to be delivered at the Ol&ce of the Examinator of Auction Duty inZh/£//n, and also at the Office of the Collector of Excise of the District within which such Sale shall be held* an exact, true, and particular Account in Writing of the several Articles, Lots, or Parcels, contained in the Catalogue so as aforesaid delivered, specifying in the said Account which of the said Articles, Lots, or Parcels, shall have been there fold, and the Price of every such Article, Lot, or Parcel, and the total Amount of the Purchase Money of each Sale, and also specifying which of the said Articles, Lots, or Parcels shall not have been then fold; and shall, at the same Time, make Oath to the Truth of such A ccount before the said Examinator of Auction Duty in Dublin, which Oath such Officer is hereby authorized, mpowered, and required to administer without Fee or Reward; and if any Article, Lot, or Parcel returned in such Account a<not having been fold, shall really have been sold at the Time of such Account being delivered, every such Auctioneer (hnll, for every such Article, Lot, or Parcel, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds: And every Auctioneer felling by Auction in any other Part of Ireland shall and he is hereby required, in like Manner within Twenty-six Days after the Commencement of any Sale by way of Auction by him held, to deliver to the Collector of Excilc of the DiOridl in which such Sale shall be held, Two Copies of an exact, true, and particular Account in Writing of the several Articles, Lots, or Parcels contained in the Catalogue so as aforesaid delivered, specifying in the said Account which c.f the said Articles, Lots, or Parcels shall have been there fold, and the Price of every such Article, Lot, and Parcel, and the total Amount of the Purchase Money of ?ach Sale, and also specifying which of the said Articles, Lots, or Parcels shall not have been then fold; and shall make Oath to the Truth of every such 2a(L mentioned Account before the said Collector of Excise, which Onth such Collector is hereby authorized, empowered, and required to administer, without Fee or Reward; and if any Article, Lot, or Parcel returned in such Account as not having been fold, shall have really beei sold at the Time of such Account being delivered, every such Auctioneer shall for every such Article, Lot, or Pared, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds: And any Auctioneer who shall neglect or omit to deliver such respective Accounts at the respective Times and Places and to the Persons, and vended iu Manner herein before prescribed, shall, for very such Neglect or Onmfioa, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Goods or Effi dls sold by Auction shall have been sold by Sam ale or otherwise, so that the Auctioneer cannot alcertniu the Quantity act u ally fold, and where such Sale shall have taken place within the District of the Metropolis of Dublin, or within Siv Mika of the Ce.lik of Dublin, the Proprietor of such Goods or sonic Atrent or Person authorized on his Behalf, (bail, within wenty-oue lhys after the Commencement off. ch Sale, delivei to the Examinator of the Auction Duty in Dublin, and also to the Collector of E cilc in the Dictndl in which such Sale shall have taken place upon Oath of such Pro-prbtor or A^ent, which Oath may be adminuLred by such Officers respe<div< ly, an exact Account of the Amount of Inch Goods, - ud the Sum of Voney produced by the Sale thereof: And where such Sale shall have taken pb*c? i: i any other Part of Irc'ivul, such Proprietor or his Agent finll, withia the feed Space of Tvvcj.ty-r.no Dav*. chhvcr Two Copiis of such Account to the Collector of the Ddlridt in which inch Sale (Kill have taken place, upon Oath of such Pr« rictor or Agent, which Oath may be ndnuniilctvti by such Collector; and such Proprietor or h.s Agent shall also in all Cases, within the said Space of Twenty-onr lXu h sif.tr the Commencement of frch Side, luruilh the Auctioneer with a true Copy of such Account; and if tiu.ii Proprietor or his Agent ftiaii neglect to deliver furh Account or Copies thereof to the officeis herein-b.hue f/.r; tinned, and to the Auctioneer in Manner aforesaid, within the said Space of Twenty-one Days, ev.vy such Proprietor or his Ag*flt so neglecting shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pound* furtively fu* h Often

Deputy shall be a iicenferi Auctioneer.

Penalty 50J.

Auctioneer fhi'l be chargeable with the Dury on all Articles in the Catalogue; unless on proof that they were not fold.

Within 26 Day* aficrC<|pvnenc€-ment ol Sale Auctioneer shall tetum an Account »of the Ailiclcs fold or not sold at such Sale, viz. in Dublin Dirt not to the Examinator, &c. Elsewhere to Collector of Excise.

Penalty took

Atvnrmr of A'lwunt , <t PtuchatV Monrv o! Good.*v t! MV San lh t!I

chiis.-ud ?.: 1) vs. Pel.) 10

v\

Au3 ioncers riurgrd with Pury within Fwur Days alter Dr!ivery of Account.

For relieving

Authtn.cCr against bnr-c'it lotcl.aiging I im, if

nccriT.-ry.

Relief so Auctioneer in case of Elf tic or Goods fold without Title.

Com pi.tint (h.ili br made within 12 Okrriar Month1, Uc.

to obtain

Relief.

Rrgul itions m to Sale of l'icce (roods, Ire. exempt (row Duly.

C. 17. 470 GEORGII III. Sess. i. A.D. 1807.

XIV. And be it furlber enabled, That every Au£lioneer shall be charged and chargeable with and shall pay

the Auction Duty payable to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, on every Sale, within Four Days after the Time when every such Account of such Sale, and the Money produced thereby shall have been or ought to have been delivered; upon Tain of forfeiting the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every Default of such Payment* together with a Sum equal to Double the Duty chargeable on such Sale.

XV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Error shall be discovered in any Charge of Duty against any Auctioneer by a greater Amount of Duty than ought to have been charged against such Auctioneer, it shall and may be lawful for him to make his Complaint within Six Calendar Months next after the Error shall have been discovered, before the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, who are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine such Complaint, and upon Proof thereof to relieve the Party so complaining of so much of the Duty, as shall appear to have been overcharged, and if such Duty shall nave been paid it Avail and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to repay the fame: And in case it shall be discovered that any Error has been committed by charging any Auctioneer with a less Amount of Duty than ought to have been charged, it shall and may be lawful for the Ejtaminator of the Auction Duty, and is hereby required to rectify the same as fpccclily as may be convenient, and to report the same to the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, who are hereby required to give Notice to such Auctioneer of the Amount of the Deficiency of the Duty in consequence of such Error; and if such Auctioneer shall not within or.e Month after such Notice shew [efficient Cause to such Comnuihoners of Inland Excise and Taxes why he should not he changed with and pay such Deficiency, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to order a Return to be made by the said Examinator of the Auction Duty to the Office of the Collector ot Excise in which the erroneous Charge was returned, and the Duties specified in the Return of such Examinator, shall be a Surcharge on such Auctioneer; and if such Auctioneer shall not on Demand, or within Ten Days next after, pay the full Amount of such Duties so surcharged, such Auctioneer shall forfeit the Sum of Tcn Pounds, together with a Sum equal to Double the Amount of the Duty which shall be so surcharged: Provided, that no such Return shall be a Surcharge on any Auctioneer, unless it shall have been made and the Amount demanded within Six Months after the Discovery of the Error.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Sale by Auction of any Eftnte, Goods, or Effects P.iall be

rendered void by reason that the Person for whole Benefit the fame was fold had no Title to the fame, or no Right to dispose thereof, then and in every such Caie it shall and may be lawful for the Auctioneer who paid the Duty on the Thing lo fold, or for the Person for whose Benefit the fame was fold, in case such Sale was held in the District of the Metropolis of Dublin, or within Six Miles of the Castle of Dublin, to lay a Complaint before the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland; and the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, upon such Complaint to them made, by or on Behalf of such Auctioneer, or by or on Behalf of the Person for whose Benefit the fame was fold, shall and they are hereby Mithorized and required to hear and determine upon Oath all such Complaints, and examine the Witnesses produced before them by the Parties, and thereupon or upon other due Proof to relieve the Party so complaining, and thereupon to repay the Duty paid in respect of the Estate, Goods, or Effects, the Sale of which shall be rendered void; and in case such Sale was held in any other Part of Ireland then such Complaint shall and may b? laid before the Sub-Com-ir.issioners of Excise in and for the Dillridt in which such Sale was held, who shall and may and they are hereby authorized to hear and determine the lame upon Oath, and to examine Witnesses, and thereupon and upon other due Proof to report to the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, whether such Sub-Commissioners are of Opinion that the Party complaining ought to be relieved or not; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to make such Order for relieving such Party and repaying the Duty as to them shall ieem lit, and such Duty shall be repaid upon the Order of the said Commissioners, or any Three of them accordingly. a

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That such Complaint shall be made within Twelve Calendar Months after such Sale, if the Sale shall be rendered void as aforesaid within that Time; or if the Sale shall not be rendered void as aforesaid within that Time, then such Complaint shall be made within Three 'Months after the Discovery of the Person for whose Benefit any such Eliate, Goods, or Effects, was or were fold having no Title to the fame or no Right to dispose thereof: And no such Complaint shall be made, or any Relief given thereupon unless such Complaint shall have been made within the Time herein-before in that Behalf prescribed; nor in any Case after the Expiration of Three Years.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be exempted from the Payment of the Auction Duty on the Sale of Goods woven or fabricated in the Loom in Ireland, for or in respect of any such Goods fold byway of Auction, unless such Sale shall be carried on in some Warehouse, Room, or Place, whereof a true and particular Entiy in Writing shall have been made by the Auctioneer who shall sell the same, Seven Days before the Sale thereof shall be had, in the Office of the Examinator of Auction Duty and Collector ot Excise, if within the DistricH of the Metropolis of Dublin, or within Six Miles of the Castle of Dublin; and if in any other Part of Ireland, in the Office of the Collector of Excise of the District, within the Limits of which such Warehouse, Room, or Place, shall be fltinted; and unless such Goods shall be openly shewn and exposed at the Time and Place oi such Sale; and that every Auctioneer who shall.fell or put up to Sale by Auction, any such Goods, shall be liable to all the Rules and Regulations respecting Auctioneers, except only as to the Payment of Duty; and except as such Rules and Regulations arc expressly altered relating 7.0 such Sales, and that every Auctioneer shall, within Fourteen Days after the Commencement of any such Auction, in case such Auction shall be Lid in the DiUriel of the Metropolis of Dublin, or within Six Miles of the Castle of Dublin, deliver to the Examinator of the Auction Duty in Dublin, and also to the Collector of Excise in

A.D. 1807. 470 GEORGII III. Sess. i.

C. 17.

i3

the Didrift in which such A uft ion shall be held, a true Account in Writing upon Oath, which Oath the

fold Examinator of Auction Duty is hereby empowered to administer of the several Lots and Parcels of such Goods which shall have been fold, the Price of every Lot or Parcel, and the total Amount of the Money bid at such Auction; and in case such Auctions shall be held in any other Part of Ireland, then such Auctioneer fall within such Fourteen Days deliver Two Copies of a like Account upon Oath to the Collector of E cife of the Dillrift within which such Auction shall be held; and no such Auctioneer shall at any Time knowingly put up for Sale, or fell by Auction, any Piece Goods, or other Goods woven or fabricated in the Loom out of Ireland; nor any Goods woven or fabricated in the Loom in Ireland, which shall not be offered or put up for Sate or sold entire in the Piece or Quantity in which the fame were taken from the Loom, and in Lots, each Lot thereof being of the Price of Ten Pounds and upwards, and bfing fold for or on Account of the Manufacturer thereof; without charging for every Twenty Shillings of the Purchase Money the Rate of Duty by Law' payable thereon; and no such Auctioneer shall be concerned in any untrue or fraudulent Contrivance with Intent to fell any Piece Goods fabricated in the Loom contrary to the true Intent a .d Meaning of this Act; And if any Auctioneer shall neglect to deliver such Accounts as are hereby required relating to the Sale of such Goods, or shall fell or put up to Sale any Piece Goods, or other Goods, or shall be concerned in any untrue or fraudulent Sale, contrary to the Provisions in this Act contained, such Auctioneer (hf.l forever)' Inch Offence forfeit tire Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XIK. And be it further enacted, That no Goods imported into Ireland from any British Colony or Plantation in America, or from any Part of the United States of America, and sold by or for the Account of the original Importer, shall be exempted from the Payment of the Auction Duty thereon, unless on the first Sale thereof, nor unL-fs such first Sale shall be made within Six Calendar Months after such Goods shall be so imported; and the Pmof that such Goods were so imported within the Space of Six Calendar Months previous to such Sale shall be made on the Oath of the Importer of Inch Goods, or in his Absence his known Clerk/before the Examinator of the Auction Duty in Dublin, and before the Collector of Excise of the District in any other Part of Ireland in which such Sale shall be held.

XX. And be it further caacted, That in all Cases where any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize sold by Auction are by Law exempted from the Payment of the Duty on Auctions, the Auctions of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall in all Cases be held by some Auctioneer duly licensed; and such Auctioneer shall, in respect of all and every such Auction and Auctions, be subject and liable to all the Rules and Regulations contained in this or any other Act in force for fee 11 ring the Duties on Auctions in Ireland, except only as to the Payment of Duty on the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize so excepted.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That every Auctioneer who shall fell by Auction any Goods distrained for Non-payment of Rent shall, Two Days previous to the Sale of such Goods, in case such Goods shall have been entrained within the Dilliift of the Metropolis of Dublin, or within Six Miles of the Cattle of Dublin, deliver to the Evaminator of Auction Duty in Dublin, and also to the Collector of Excise of the District within which such Goods shall have bee* distrained, a Notice in Writing specifying the particular Day when, and Place wlu re, such Goods are intended to be sold; and shall also within Twenty-eight Days after the Day speciti.d for such Sale to commence, deliver or cause to be delivered at the Office of the said Examimtor, and also at the Office of the said Collector of Excise, an exact and true Account of every Article or Thing f !.I at such Sale, with the Amount of the whole Sum for which such Articles fold; and in case such Goods (tali have been dist.air.eJ in any other Part of Ireland, then such Auctioneer shall deliver Two Copies of such Not : e ard Account respectively within the respective Times aforesaid to the Collector of Excise of the District wth n which such Goods shall have buen distrained; and the Landlord or other Person on whole Account tbt D. if refs shall be made, flail at the Foot of every such Account certify the exact Sum due for the Rent in refroft of which such Goods shall have been distrained, and that such Goods wore ready and bond Jide

Penalty on

Breach of such

Regulations

50a

Regulations as to Sale of Amci ican Goods exempt from Duly.

Goods exempted from Am'hun Dury, shall he fold only by Licensed Auctioneers.

Regulations to Sale vf G.mds distrained for Rent,

every hitk La-idlerd or lYrlon so offending shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That every Auctioneer who shall fell by Auction any Estate, Goods, or Ellvtri Li/eii for the Benefit of any Creditor by or under the Authority of any Sheriff or Sheriff* in Execution of any Jufg mem, drill specify in th? Accounts to be by him delivered under the Direction of this Act, the Jart; calar r.lhus, Goods, and Effects fold, and also the exact Sum levied under inch Execution; and the hlamit or Vmler Sheriff shall and are hereby required to certify at the Foot ol such Account, that all the Eilat, -, Goods, and Effect*in inch Account speciucd were eally the Property of tlm Person against whom such Ld, '-n, ent was had end o'; l dried, and that the lame, and every Part thereof, were actually iei/.ed in Execution of the fame Jiuig. : ix; and every Auctioneer who shall be employed by the AffVnee* under any Cotnmttiton of Bankrupt Onll hke\.ite lpccify in the Account to be by him d -livered as aforesaid, the particular Estate, GomF, and Eire's loll, and tie Afnguee or Adrg'iees under such Cun mi if: on ft, nil certify at the Foot of such Ac in nt tb; t all the F.ttate, Goods, and Effects specified were really the Property of the Bankrupt at the Ltr? of Ling ff-.tli the said CommiElon; and every such Certificate resprft'.vely shall be produced by every E vil acuiwv er to the Feriftt to whom such Auftior-ecr is by this Act directed to driiver ids Accounts; and such

Certificate of Landlord.

Penalty on

N gl^t, &c.

Regulation at

to Sale of Ejects u'u'tr Execution;

nr fj.inkrupts

Ethcti.

C-rt f: Salt

>te (1; ill be futfudeut Authority

fuc'iAufthmei-r is by tins Act directed to deliver ids v to such Officer to dilcharye tie laid Auctioneer trr

m all Duty on the

k such Good*, by Auction: And' if any Sheriff, t rnler Sheriff, Assignee or Assignees, shall insert or suffer, ptrmittobc inserteti in such Account so to be certified, any Estate, Goods, or Lite

cts whatsoever, other than

Penalty on CcrnhrAtc }, y Sh-nrfs, Ate. iOl.

Regulations as to Sale of Gouda for Benefit of Insurers.

Certificates

Penalty 2o 1.

Auctioneer ih ill produce his Book* to Officer.

Penalty 50l.

Recovery and

Application of Penalties.

1 M5 Car. 2.

c. 8.

46 G. 3. c. icC.

C. 17, 18. 47° GEORGII III. Sess.i. A.D. 1807.

than such as were really the Property of the Debtor or Debtors, Bankrupt or Bankrupts as aforesaid respectively, or if any Sheriff or Under Sheriff shall omit or neglect to certify on such Account, within the Time prescribed by this Act, for the Auctioneer to deliver in nis Account, the true Sum levied, or shall certify thereon any false Sum levied; or if any Assignee or Assignees shall omit or neglect to certify, as is herein-before required within the Time prescribed for the Auctioneer to deliver in his Account, then and in every such Case the Party offending shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That every Auctioneer who shall be employed to fell any Goods damaged by Fire, sold by order or for the Benefit of the Insurer or Insurers of such Goods, or any Agent or Agents of such Insurers, shall specify in the Account to be by him or them delivered, the particular Goods which were fold; and the Insurer or Infv»*ers, or the Agent or Agents of such Insurer or Insurers ordering such Sa'e, shall and he and they is and are hereby required to certify at the Foot thereof, that all the Goods in such Account specified were really fold for the Benefit of such Insurer or Insurers, which Account so certified shall be produced by every such Auctioneer to the Person to whom such Auctioneer is by this Act directed to deliver the fame; and such Certificate shall be sufficient Authority to such Officer to discharge the said Auctioneer from all Duty on the Sale of such Goods by Auction; and if any such Insurer or Insurer*, Agent or Agents, shall insert or suffer or permit to be inserted in any such Account as aforesaid, any Goods whatsoever, other than such as were really fold for the Benefit of him or them as aforesaid, or it any Insurer or Agent shall omit or neglect to certify in such Account the true Particulars of the Goods so fold, then and in every such Case the Party offending shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Auctioneer shall at the Time of delivering the Accounts by this Act required to be delivered to the proper Officer or whenever such Auctioneer shall be thereto required by such Officer, deliver or cause to be delivered to such Officer the original Book or Books of Sale of such Auctioneer, to the End that the Officer may compare the Account produced with the Entries in such Book or Books; and if any Auctioneer shall refuse or neglect to produce to such Officer such Book or Books of Sale within Twenty-four Hours after such Demand, or shall not suffer such Officer fully to examine the fame, every such Auctioneer shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures inflicted by this Act, shall be paid and recovered in British Currency, and shall and may be sued for and recovered, levied, and applied in such Manner and Form and by such Ways and Means, and with such Powers and Authorities as are prescribed, directed, and appointed, in and by an Act of Parliament made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for settling of the Excise or new Impcjl upon His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted; or in and by an Act, passed in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to provide for the better Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters, and Things under the Management of the Comvujfoners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland; or in and by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to the said Revenues, Matters, and Things, or either of them; as fully and effectually to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned and expressed and re enacted in this Act, with the like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party and Parties who shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said Acts or any of them is provided and cna<ted.

" Act may be altered this Session. §26."

Iehnil Duties ci E .c u- .'ii'I Taxes fc; forth in Sc' uic A. granted tn lieu of f ur-ner Duties and T.I.>.;

("c; 1 cl ap.*rjj>ri.itc<i Danes.;

CAP. XVIII.

An Act to grant to His Majesty certain Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes in Ireland, and to allow certain Drawbacks in respect thereof*, in lieu of former Duties of Excise, Taxes, and Drawback?*.

[17th March 1807.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutifnl and loyal Subjects the Commons of Great Britain and Ireland in

'*Parliament assembled, towards raising the ucccssary Supplies to defray Your Majesty's publick Expences in Ireland, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the Duties ' and Taxes herein after mentioned, and do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be cr.adtedand be it matted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confcmt of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto Plis Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, upon and in rofpedt of t'ne several Articles and Things mentioned, set forth, and expressed in the Schedule marked A. hereunto annexed, the several Sums of Money, Duties of Inland Excise and Taxes, as they are rrfpcdtively described and set forth in the said Schedule; and the said Schedule and all the Exceptions, Exemptions, and Regulations therein contained, shall be deemed and taken to be Part of this Act to all Intents and Purposes; and the said several Duties and Taxes shall be in lieu and full Satisfaction of all Duties of Inland Excise ami Taxes granted by any former Act or Acts of the Parliament of Ireland, or of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, on any of the Articles and Things in the said Schedule mentioned, except such Duties ns have been or shall or may be granted or imposed for certain local Purposes in Ireland by any Act or Acts of Parliament and which Duties are or may be appropriated to such local Purposes by the Acts by which the said Duties are or shall be granted or imposed, or by any other Act or Acts.

IT. And

A.D. 1807. 47° GEORGII III. Sell*. 1.

G.18.

TS

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act* all Duties of Stamps imposed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, sin Sift to repeal the several Duties under the Care tf the Commisswners for managing the Duties upon Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper in Ireland, and to grant nrw and additional Duties in lieu thereof and to amend the I anus relating to the Stamp Duties in Ireland, on any Licences which arc subjected to any Duty under this Act, and the Schedule marked A hereto annexed, shall wale and determine, and be no longer paid or payable 5 and that the Duties on such Licences in the said Schedule marked A. to this Act annexed, mentioned, and contained, shall be paid and payable in lieu and in Head of the said Duties of Stamps on such Licences under and by virtue of the said recited Act: And that from and after the passing of this Act it shall not be lawful for the Commissioners of Stamp Dutiec in Ireland to

flint any Licence to any Person or Persons for any of the Purposes following, videlicet; to fell Coffee by etail, or to keep a Coffee House, or to fell Tea or Groceries by Retail, or to fell or make for Sale any Gold or Silver Plate, or to be Hawkers, Pedlars, or Petty Chapmen, or to let to hire any Horse for the Purpose of travelling Pott by the Mile or from Stage to Stage: And that from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons, for that Purpose appointed by the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland. to grant Licences to any Person or Persons for any of the aforesaid Purposes, and also to grant such other Licences as the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or any Person or Persons appointed by them, are by the said last recited Act authoriicd to grant: and that such fall mentioned Licences may be granted on undamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper; any Thing in the fail lati recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And whereas it is expedient pursuant to the Provisions of the Acts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland that, in respect of the increased Duties imposed by this Act on certain Articles of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Ireland, and of the Duties on the Materials of which they may be composed, increased Countervailine Duties should be charged on the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, Articles, Matters, and Things mentioned, described, and set forth in the Schedule hereunto annexed marked B. being the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain, and imported firm thence into Ireland, fiitlWient to countervail the said Duties in Ireland; be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the Twenty-fi: h Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, there shall be charged on the Importation into Ircartd of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, Articles, Matters, and Things mentioned let forth and disceribed in the said Schedule marked B. the several Countervailing Duties therein 111 Figures respectively inkrted, describ*0d, and set forth; in lieu and full Satisfaction of the Countervailing Duties payable on the Importation of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, Articles, Matters, and Tilings, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland at the Time of the passing of this Act: And that upon the Exportation from Ireland of any Article of like Denomination, being of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture vi Ireland, to Great Br itain, there shall be allowed and given a Drawback, equal in Amount to the Countervailing l)utv on the like Article in the said Schedule, in lieu and lull Satisfaction of all Drawbacks now allowed by Law on the fane.

IV. And it Le further enacted, That upon the Exportation from Ireland (except to Great Britain) of Gbfs Bottles, or of any Paper (not being maniifactured into Paper Hangings) respectively made in Ireland, tb-re thall He paid and allowed a Drawback equal in Amount to the whole Duties of Excise 011 the said Glass Bottles and Paper respectively, upon Proof being duly made that such Bottles or Paper respectively shall have pT>i<itIi<* several Excise Duties thereon, in respect of which such Drawback shall be claimed.

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, on the Exportation (except to Great Britain) of any Paper Hangings manufactured ir, Ireland, there shall be paid and allowed a Drawback of Twopence for every Square Yard thereof: And that on the Exportation (except to Great Britain) of Paper Hangings manufactured in Ireland from Paper made in Ireland, there shall be paid and allowe d by way of Drawback or Compensation for the Duty charged tnd paid on such Paper, the further Drawback or Allowance following, that is to say; For every Th.rly Dozen Square Yards of such Paper Hangings, a Sum equal to the Amount of the Duty by Law chargeable on nerv Forty Pounds Weight of such)aper on the making thereof, and so in Proportion for any gre.iter or kfs Quantity, on Proof on Oath being made to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Inland Excise ami Taxes in Inland, of the Quantity of Paper so used, and that fuels Paper was made in Ireland, and that the Duties chargeable on the Printing, Painting, and Staining of such Paper Hangings, and on the making of such Loer respectively, were fully paid and satisfied.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, no Drawback shall be given, paid, or allowed to any Paper-Stainer or oilier Pci Ion kr or in respect of the Duty cn Paper Hangings, or for or in respect of the Duty paid on the Paper from which tnv Pajcr Hangings shall be or shall have been mannfafttired other than the Drawbacks and Allowances; u this Act speciftfd; any Tiling in any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And licit further enacted, That upon the Exportation from Ireland, except to Great Britain, of any F: ides and Skins, and Pieces of Elides and Skins, tanned or dretted »n Oil in Ireland, or of any Vellum or Parchment made in Ireland, on which the Duties charged by Law on the Manufacture thereof shall have been pal, there shall he allowed to the Person or Persons exporting the fame respectively, a Drawback of One Army on every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all such Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, and a Drawback equal to the Dut: es charged on all such Vellum and Parchment by Law and actually paid thereon; wd upon the Exportation of any such tanned Leather manufactured in Ireland into Goods and Wares of tanned Luther only, or of which such tanned Leather is the most valuable Part, there f 1: nil be allowed and repaid a LrartUtk of One Penny Halfpenny on every Pound Weight Avoirdupois.

Duties on Licence* under this A<it fh.dl he in lieu of those under Stamp

46 G. 3. c. 64. on like Licences.

St imp Office m.ty no longer grant certain Licence*

('cc 4(1 G. } c. 64.

Pei suns : ip-p dated by Esrife Cuni-mi!fin; iers m <y1 grant the t. uj L?C.'ncc», and otnci >, on un-ft.imped Riper. Countervailing

Dufics <'n Bntifk Good* imported into In I >nd; m lieu of former Countervailing D Jt'ts (S' c Schedule h )

Eq uivalent Couive'vailing Draw hacks on Iriflr Gouds tt> Great Bmuki. Drawback on Gl if-s Hurtles and P.ipt r export r cl > l to Great B il.iiM )

tnc \vh' k Duties. Druu'hick on P.i|»er Hanging! exp >ited(c.u tyt to Gnat Bui on) id. per Square Yu: (1; and a f»n ihc r Di a a -baeii in

of the Duty cut the rapu.

N > D «whacks

o; i Riper M j!.gi g* e\«pt utulu ih.s Aa.

Drawback on Leather exported (except to Uicit .L r.vn) id pei lb.

On Ruc'nmenf the vcn.4: Duties*

On Leather MnjfuGuie!

I \ (1. ii>.

16

NoDuty on Beer.

Duties payable in Briiflx Currency.

Duties fln!l he earned to Irish Cor.foudated Fund; as alTo Fres payable at th* Irish Exchequer.

No Fees on issuing Money.

Duties and Drawbacks shall be levied and managed as under 14 and 1 5 C. 2. c. 3.

46 G. 3. c. 106. or any other Acts relating to the resp^itiveDutAs.

This A<3 applied to the Colitision of Du'ies and A'rears under former Acts.

[For Ce/.V<9: on t, J tin Dufy fee

Chapter if

lhn

C. 18. 470 GEORGII III. Seffir. A.D. 1807

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Duty shall be paid on Beer or Ale brewed in Ireland.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all the Duties and Taxes and Drawbacks in this Act and the Schedule hereunto annexed, speciticd mentioned and contained (except the Duties on Leather and Leather Manufacture, Glass Bottles, Vellum and Parchment, made in Ireland> and except the Drawbacks of the said Duties respectively) shall be paid and payable and received and receivable in British Currency: And that in all Case, where any such Duties or Taxes arc imposed in respect of the Value of any Article Matter or Thing, such Value, as well as the Rate of Duty in respect thereof, shall be calculated and taken in British Currency.

X. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Duties and Taxes granted by this Act, the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame being deduced, shall be carried to and be Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland; and that the Sum of Sixpence per Pound and all other F*es which flvdl or may be payable to the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, Clerk of the Pulls, or any other Officer of the Treasury of Ireland, upon iffiuing or Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, Avail he carried to the said Consolidated Fund in Aid and Addition to the Duties hereby granted, and Aiallbe accounted for accordingly.

XI. And be it further enacted, That neither the Sum of Sixpence per Pound nor any other Fee Aiallbe payable to, or be deducted or received by, any Officer or Officers erf the Treasury of Ireland, for or on account of the iffiuing or Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money in discharge of any Part of the National Ecbt of Ireland, or of any Interest or Annuities on the same.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties, Taxes, and Drawbacks, by this Act and the Schedules hereunto annexed granted and allowed, shall be raised levied collected paid allowed iued for and recovered, in the same Manner and under such Powers and Authorities and by such Ways and Methods and according to such Rules and Dirt&ions, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as are appointed directed and expressed for the raising collecting levuug paying managing and allowing of any Duties Taxes or Drawbacks, in and by an /ldt made in Inland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, an Act for fictiling ofi the Excifie or new Itnpojl upon His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, according to the Bock ofi Rates therein inserted, or in and by an A<S made in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, an Act to provide fior the letter Execution of the fevered Acts relating to the Revenues, Maiicrst end Things wider the Management ofi the Comm; ffioners ofi Cujhms and Port Duties, and ofi the Commissioners of Inland Excifie and Taxes in Ireland; or in and by the several a«d respective Acts, in force in I eland, relating respectively to the several and respective Duties and Taxes in the Schedule to this Act mentioned and expressed; or in and by any other Act or Acts which may be in force in I eland relating to the Revenue of Excise and Customs, or either of them, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same Rules and Directions, Penalties and Forfeitures were herein expressied and enabled, with the like Remedy of Appeal to and for the* Party or Parties aggrieved, as in and by the said Acts or any of them is or shall he provided.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Clauses, Regulations, and Provisions in this Act contained, shall and may be applied in the levying and recovering of all Duties and Taxes, and Arrears of Duties and Taxes, imposed by any former Act or Acts in force in I eland on or before the said Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Duties and Taxes, and Arrears of Duties and Taxes, had become due and payable under this Act.

Act may be altered this Session. §14."

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

Schedule (A.)

A SCHEDULE of Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes, for, upon, and in respect of the Articles therein mentioned.

Auctions.

For and upon every Twenty Shillings of the Purchase Money arising or payable by virtue of any Sale at Auction in Ireland;

Of any Interest in Poffiession or Reversion, in any Freehold or Leasehold Lands, Tenements, Houses, or Hereditaments, and of any Annuities or Sums of Money charged thereon, and of ar.y Utensils of Husbandry, Farming Stock, Ships and Vessels, and of any Plate or Jewels; Except in Cases where the same are exempted by Law.

Of Furniture, Fixtures, Pictures Books, Horses and Carnages, and all other Goods ami Chattels whatsoever, not exempted by Law.

And so in Proportion for any greater or less Sum of such Purchase Money; to be paid by the Auctioneer, Agent, FaClor, or Seller by Commissiion.

Duty.

£ ' '

OOC

OOIO

' Exemptions.

On the Sale of the following Articles by Auction no Duty shall be payable; viz.

Ar.y Estates, Goods, or Effects sold by Auction, by any Order or Decree of His May fly's Courts of Chancery or Exchequer, in Ireland before any Master in Chancery, or the Rf-mem-brancer of the Court of Exchequer, or his Deputy; and any Goods or Effects sold by Auction by virtue of any Judgement or Order of the Commissioners, or of any Sub Commissioners, or of any Collector of Inland Excise and Taxes, or Customs and Port Duties; or by Order of the Board of Ordnance.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Duty.

Aa&ioni continued.

Any Goods sold by Au#ion under Distress for the Non-payment of Rent or Tythes.

Ady Grounds, Houses, or Materials of Houses, or any Rents sold by Auction, by order or under the Direction of the Commissioners for making wide and convenient Streets, Ways, and Paflhges in Dublin.

An? Woods or Coppices, and any Produce of any Mines or Quarries, and any Materials used in the working of such Mines or Quarries respectively, so as the Sale by Auction of such Woods, Coppices, or Produce of Mines or Quarries, be made whilst they continue on the Lands producing the fame, and for the Account of the Proprietor of or Adventurer in such Minc3 or Quarries.

Any Contract relating to the cutting or working of Woods, Coppices, Mines, or Quarries

Any Goads woven or fabricated in the Loom in Ireland, which shall be sold entire in the Piece, or Quantity in which the fame were taken from the Loom, and in Lots, each Let whereof shall be of the Price of ggio Sterling, or upwards, and fold for, or on Account of the Manufacturers thereof, by any Person duly licensed to exercise the Trade or Business of an Auctioneer.

Any Estate, Goods, or Ette&s, sold at Auction under the Authority of any Sheriff or other publick Officer, for the Benefit of any Creditor or Creditors, in Execution of any Judgement 5 or any Estate or Effects of any Bankrupt, sold by order of the Assignee or Assignees, under any Commission of Bankruptcy.

Any Goods which maybe imported free of Duty; Or any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Effects, imported into Ireland, in any British or Irish Ship or Vessel from any British Colony or Sctdement in America, or from any Part of the United States of America, being the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of such British Colony or Settlement, or of the said United States; on the first Sale of such Goods respectively, by or for the Account of the original Importer, to whom the fame were consigned, and by whom they were entered at the Custom House at the Port of Importation; so as such Sale be made within Six Calendar Months after such Goods shall be so imported.

Any Ships or Vessels, and their Tackle, Furniture, and Apparel, and the Cargoes thereof, which may be taken and condemned as Prizes, and any Ships or Goods that may be wrecked or stranded on the Coast of Ireland.

Any Goods damaged on board any Ship or Vessel, and sold by Auction for the Benefit of the Insurers or Proprietors thereof; or which may be sold free of Duty, to defray the Charges of Salvage; or any Goods damaged by Fire, and sold by order of and for the Benefit of the; Insurers of such Goods.

Cards and Dice.

For and upon every Pack of Printed, Painted, or Playing Cards* made, manufaAured, or vended in Ireland -

For and upon every Pair of Dice made, manufactured, or vended in Ireland

Coaches and Carriages.

For and upon all the Carriages herein after mentioned, which any Person shall have or keep in his or her Possession at any Time, after the Fifth Day of January, in any Year, the several Rates and Duties following:

For and upon every Coach, Chariot, Berlin, Calash, or Chaise, with Four Wheels, not exempt by Law;

If such Person shall not at the same Time have more than one such Carriage in his or her Possession, the yearly Sum of If such Person mail nave at the same Time more than one such Carriage in his or her Pofiession, upon every such Carriage the yearly Sum of

For and upon every Curricle or other Carriage with less than Four Wheels, drawn by two Horses ah read, not exempt by Law;

If such Person mall not have at the same Time more than one such Carriage in his or her Possession, the yearly Sum of -.

If such Person shall have at the same Time in his or her Possession, more than one such Carriage; or shall at the same Time have in his or her Possession any Coach or other Carriage with Four Wheels; upon each and every such Curricle or other Carriage with less than Four Wheels, drawn by Two Hoifes abreast, the yearly bum of -

For and upon every Chaise with less than Four Wheels, not otherwise charged, nor exempt by Law, the yearly Sum of

For and upon every Car made use of, and fitted up for carrying Persons, commonly known by the name of a Jaunting Car or Pleasure Car; and for and upon every Carriage or Vessele mau* u(e of as a Jaunting Car or Pleasure Car, by whatever Name fuah Carriage or Vessele may be

called, the yearly Sum of

47 Geo. III.

o 2 o 15

o

0

6

8

4 4 0

6 6 o

220

1 1 ©

Coachca and Carriages continued.

And, in all Cases, for every additional Body successively used on the fame Carriage or Number of Wheels, the further yearly Sum of -

Coaches, Chaises, and other Carriages, kept by the Makers for Sale, or chargeable by Law with any yearly Rate or Duty applicable to local Purposea only, shall in all Cases be exempted from any of the foregoing Duties.

By every Coachmaker or Maker of any Carriage or Carriages chargeable with Duty in Ireland under this Act;

For every such Carriage with Four Wheels, which such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages shall make, build, or con(lru6l for Sa'c, the Sum of And for every such Carriage with less than Four Wheels, so chargeable with Duty under this Act, which such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages shall make, build, or conllrucl for Sale, the Sum of -

By every Person who shall fell any Carriage chargeable with Duty, by this Act;

For every such Carriage with Four Wheels, which such Person shall fell by Auction, or on Commission in Ireland, the Sum of -

And for every such Carriage with less than Four Wheels, so chargeable with Duty under this Act, which such Person shall fell by Auction, or on Cummidion, the Sum of

Dogs.

For every Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Lurcher, or Terrier, kept by any Person for his or her own Use, or the Use of any other Person or Persons, the annual Sum of - For every Dog, of whatever Defoliation or Dcnc mination the fame msy be, where any Person shall keep Two or more Dogs, either for his or h.r. own Ule, or the Use of any other Person or Persons, the annual Sum of -

For any Dog, not being a Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Lurcher, or Terrier, kept by any Person subject to the Payment of Hearth Money in respect of Four or more Hearths, or subject to any Duty in relpedl of Windows, having one such Dog, and no more, whether the fame be kept for his or her own Use, or the Use of any other Person or Persons, the annual Sum of -

For any Dog, not being a Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Lurcher, or

Terrier, k< pt by any Person subject to the Payment of Hearth Money in respect ofless than Four H ar.ns, having one such Dog, and no more, whethci the fame be kept for his or her own Use, or the Use of any other Person or Persons, the annual Sum of

The said Duties to be paid by the Persons reflectively keeping such Dogs.

Exemptions.

Any Person uho shall not be fub: , c£t to any Duty on Lis or her Dwelling House, in respect of Windows or Fire Hearths, having one Dog, and no more, the fame not being a Greyhound, Hound, Pi inter, Setting Dog, Lurcher, or Terrier,

Any Person in respect of a Dog or Whelp which shall not actually be of the Age of Six Calendar Months.

Any Person in respect of the Number of Dogs by him or her kept, who Hi all, before the Twenty-fourth Day of June in any Year, pay to the Collector or Collectors of the said Duty the full Sum ol of 30 Irish Currency, by way of Composition, and for which a Receipt shall be given within the Period before-mentioned.

Fire Hearths.

For and out of every Dwelling House, in the Whole of which, with every Outhouse and Edifice appertaining thereto, there shall be two or more Fire Hearths, or other Places used for Firing or Stove?, at any Time after the Filth Day of January in each and every Year, the several and respective Yearly Rates following; that is to say,

In respect of Two Fire Hearths -

Three -

Four -

Five -

Six -

Seven -

A Eight -

Out of every such House, in the Whole of which, with every Outhouse and Edifice appertaining thereto, there shall he in the Whole,

More than Eight, and not more than Fifteen, Fire Hearths, or other Places used for Firing or Stoves, for every Hearth, Firing Place, or Stove, the Sum of -

More than Fifteen, and not more than Twenty, such Fire Hearths or Places used for Firing or Stoves for each and every H< nrth -

More than Twenty, and not more than Thirty»- -

More than Thirty -

d.

i o

o o

o 10 o

o 10 o

o 10

060

3 o

Yearly R <te on

r tkufcs (or

r u hole

Numhi r i Hciuiis.

4 6

7

12

*7 45

8

o

o

o

0

1 I 1

6

o

6

o

o

o

Y<ar«y R ue for acu

08O

IO

*5

o

o

o

o

*9

A.D. 180'7. 47° GEORGII 'III. Seffir. C. 18.

SCHEDULE ( Pl.) Duty.

(Fire Hearths) Exemptions and Abatements. His Majesty's Cattle of Dublin, or any House within the Circuit thereof, or any House or Tene" inert provided for the Residence of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of In-land for the Time being, or of the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chiei Goveri 01 or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, or of the Under Secretaries in his Office: And the College of the Holy and Undivided Trinity of Queen Elizabeth, near Diib'in: — shall be exempted from the said Duty on Fire Hearths. Any H lib* fftuate within the District of the Metropolis of Dublin, or within any City or Town, and containing Si Hearth' or upwards, in which no Shop shall be kept for the Sale of any Goods, or in which no Spirituous or other Liquors shall be sold, and which shall be wholly let for Lodgings and occupied by Lodgers, each Lodging set to or occupied by one Person or Family, and such Lodging not conti(ling of more than One Room, shall not be charged with any higher Rate than Two Shillings for each Hearth or Firing Place therein. Any House situate within the District of the Metropolis of Dublin, or within any City or Town, and containing Eight Hearths or upwards, the greater Part of the Rooms in which shall be set to, or occupied by Lodgers, each Lodger not subject to a Rent exceeding Five Pounds Yearly for such Lodging, though the same shall be partly inhabited by the Owner, shall not be charged wiih any higher Duty than Two Shillings for each Hearth or Firing Place. Any Hospital, Charity School, or House provided for the Reception and Relief of Poor Persons, or any Gaol, Prison, or Sessions House, or any Hall, Office, or other Publick Building whatever, in Inland, shall not be charged in respect of Hearths therein, otherwise than in Manner herein after mentioned; that is to say, all the Dwelling Rooms and Apartments in any such publick Buildings being occupied by any Officer of or belonging to, or employed in, the fame, or by any Servant of such Officer, shall be deemed inhabited Houses, and shall be liable to the Tax on Hrarths accordingly, and the Persons respectively by whom, or by whose Servants, such Room or Apartments are or shall be inhabited, shall be chargeable with and liable to pay the said Tax as Occupiers of inhabited Houses are by Law chargeable with and liable to pay the fume. The Fire Hearths in any Hot House, Green House, or Fruit House, shall be charged separately according to the total Number of Hearths in such Hot House, Gr.n House, or Fruit House respectively, and shall not be reckoned in addition to the t re Hearths in t: e Dwelling House to which such Hot House, Green Ploufe, or Fruit House shall beadjoining or appertaining.

Glass Bottles. For and upon every Glass Bottle which shall be made or manufactured in Ireland of Common Bottle Metal (the fame not being Phials), for every Quart such Bottle shall be computed td contain; and so in Proportion for any greater Quantity; and for every Piut or reputed Pint Bottle respectively; — to be paid by the Makers thereof - - - Ilorfes. O O O

For all Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, kept by any Person or Persons for the Purpose of Riding, or for the Purpose of Drawing any Carriage whatever, chargeable with Duty under this Act, the several Duties following; that is to say, Duties for each Hoise.

For One such Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule - Two or Three, each - Four or Five, each - Six or Seven, each - Eight or Nine, each - - - Ten or more, each - - For every such Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, kept or used by any Male Person, never having been married, an additional Jbuty in ail Cales equal to One Half of the Amount of the above Duties respectively. The said Duties to be payable, within each and every Year, for every Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, kept at any Time after the Fifth Day of January in any Year, by the Person or Personi having or keeping the fame, except as after-mentioned. Exemptions. Any Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule under Three Years old. Au\ Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, which shall be used truly, and without Fraud, for the Purpose of Husbandry, on Land occupied by the Oxvner of such Horse or other Bead; orfer the Purpose of drawing any Waggon, Cart, or Carriage {except such Carriages as are liable to Duty under this Act), or carrying Burthens in the Course of the Trade or Occupation of the D a 0 15 0 017 6 1 5 0 1 12 0 200 3 3

SCHEDULE (A.)

Horses (Exemptions) eorthued.\

Person or Persons to whom such Horse, Mare. Gelding, or Mule, shall belong 5 although, such Horse, Mare or Gelding, or Mule, shall be used for Riding on the Occasions and in Manner herein after mentioned; that is to say, when returning from any Place to which any Load or Burthen shall have by such Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, been drawn or carried, or in going to any Place from whence any Load or Burthen shall be to be brought back by any such Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule; or for the Purpose of procuring Medical Assistance; or for the Purpose of going to or from Market, or to or from any Place of Publick Wor/hip; or to or from any Election of Members to serve in Parliament; or to or from any Court of Justice: Provided such Horse, Marc, Gelding, or Mule, shall not on any Occasion be used for any other Purpose save as aforesaid.

One Horse, Mare, Gelding or Mule, used only for the Purpose of drawing any Carriage with less than Four Wheels, not chargeable with any Duty tinder this Act, by any Person occupying a Farm, and making a Livelihood solely thereby; or by any Person carrying on a Trade, and making a Livelihood solely thereby; or making a Livelihood by such Occupation and Trade jointly; or by any ecclesiastical Person not possessed of an annual Income of One hundred Pounds or upwards, whether arising from any ecclesiastical Preferment or otherwise.

One Horse, Mare, or Gelding, used by any Non-commissioned Officer or Private of any of the Regiments of Cavalry, or in the Artil'ery.

One Horse, Marc, or Gelding, used by any Person enrolled, or to be enrolled, and serving in any Troop of Yeoman Cavalry in Ireland, who shall have attended on Horseback One Halt at lead of the Number of Days appointed for him to exercise, or be on Duty in the Year, and who shall produce a Certificate from the Commanding Officer or permanent Serjeant of his having done lo, and of Pay having been drawn for him for the said Number of Days.

Race Horses.

For every Horse, Mare, or Gelding, bona fide kept for the Purpose of Racing or Running for any Plate, Prize, or Sum of Money, or other Thing, or kept in training for any of the said Purposes, whether in the Stables of the Proprietor or Proprietors, or of any other Person or Persons, the Sum of---.

The said Duty to be charged annually on the Person or Persons having the Custody, Charge, or Management of such Horses, Mares, or Geldings.

Houses.

For, upon, and out of every Tenement, or Dwelling House, not chargeable with any Duty in respect of Fire Hearths, and which shall be worth the yearly Rent of Four Pounds or upwards, or the Person occupying whereof shall pay for such Tenement, or Dwelling House, or for the fame and any Uuthouses, Gardens, or Appurtenances, or for the fame and any La^d occupied by such Person, a yearly Rent of Four Pounds or upwards (Money paid for Corn Acres, Potatoe-Land by the Crop in the Nature of Corn Acres, and for grazing, not to be deemed or considered Rent) 5 If such yearly Rent or Value shall in the Whole

Amount to Four Pounds and shall be less than Seven Pounds - — Seven Pounds — — Ten Pounds -

For, upon, and out of every Tenement, or Dwelling House, not chargeable with any Duty in respect of Windows, and which shall be worth the yearly Rent of Ten Pounds or upwards, or the Person occupying whereof shall pay for such Tenement or Dwelling House, or for the fame and any Outhouses, Gardens, or Appurtenances, or for the fame and any Land occupied by such Person, a yearly Rent of Ten Pounds or upwards (Money paid for Corn Acres, Potatoe-Land by the Crop in the Nature of Corn Acres, and for grazing, not to be deemed or considered Rent);

IT such yearly Rent or Value shall, in the Whole, amount to Ten Pounds, and shall not exceed Forty Pounds, then.

For every Twenty Shillings of such Rent or Value, the Sum of -

And if such yearly Rent, or Value shall, in the Whole, amount to Forty Pounds or upwards, then,

For every Twenty Shillings, of such Rent or Value, the Sum of -

Leather.

For and upon all Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins herein after mentioned, which shall be tnnned in Ireland, the respective Rates and Duties following; that is to say,

For and upon every Hide and Skin, or Piece of any such Hide or Skin, of any Kind or Denomination whatever, other than such as are herein after mentioned and described, for every Pound Avoirdupois thereof, and after such Rate for any greater or less Quantity

10

Duty.

3 3

016 o 2

003 00

00*

Leather continued.

tot and upon all Hide* of Horses, Mares, or Geldingr. for every Hide

For and jpon all Skins, called Veal Skins, and all Skins of Hogs, for every Dozen Skins, thereof, and after the fame Rate for any greater or iefs Number

For and upon all Skins for Shoes, and other like Purposes, and all Seal Skins, for every Dozen thereof, and after the fame Rate for any greater or less Number -

For and upon all other Skins for Bookbinder's Use, for every Dozen thereof, and after the fame Rate for any greater or lefR Nunjber - For and upon all Goat Skins tanned with Shumack, or otherwise to resemble Spanish Leather, and all Sheep Skins tanned for Roans, being after the Nature of Spanish Leather, for every Pound Avoirdupois thereof -

For and upon all Sheep Skins and Lamb Skins tanned for Gloves and Bafils, for every Pound Avoirdupois thereof, and proportionably for any greater or less Quantity - For and upon all Hides and Skins and Pieces of Hides and Skins herein after mentioned, which shall be dressed in Oil in Ireland, the several and respective Rates and Duties herein after expressed, for every Pound Avoirdupois thereof; that is to say.

Of ever)' such Hide and Skin, and Piece of such Hide and Skin, of any Nature or Denomination whatsoever, other than such as are herein after mentioned and described Of all Oeer Skins, Goat Skins, and Beaver Skins -

Of all Calf Skins.

Of all Sheep and Lamb Skins -

And proportionably for any greater or less Quantity of all such Hides and Skins.

Licences.

For and in respect of any Licence to any Person in Ireland for any of the Purposes herein after mentioned the several respective Sums and Duties herein after mentioned and set forth j toother with the further Sum of One Shilling in the Pound on the Amount of all such Duties, in lieu of all Fees whatsoever to the Persons authorised to gr^nt such Licences; that ii to say,

To manufacture Tobacco in any Manner

And further, for and upon every Tobacco Table, exceeding one Table, which any Person manufacturing Tobacco shall be licensed to keep To deal in unmanufactured Tobacco, except as a wholesale Importer only -

To fell by Retail, or otherwise deal in Coffee, except Importers thereof or Persons licensed to fell Tea or Groceries

To manufacture Candles and Soap, or either of them, for Sale; viz.

In the City of Dublin, or within the Circular Road surrounding the fame 5 and in any City or Town in Ireland fending a Member or Members to serve in Parliament; or within Two Miles of the Sessions House, or Market House, or Market Place, thereof In any other Part of Ireland -

To manufacture Paper Hangings for Salt -

To fell Paper Hangings, not being the Manufacturer thereof; viz.

In the City of Dublin, or within the Circular Road surrounding the fame; and in any City or Town in Ireland fending a Member or Members to serve in Parliament; or within Two Miles of the Sessions House, or Market House, or Market Place thereof In any other Part of Ireland -

To keep a Still or Stills to rectify or compound Spirits and Strong Waters; for every Gallon which such Still or Stills is or are capable of containing -

To keep a Mill or Mills for making Paper, for each Mill -

To brew, or make for Sale any Liquor called Sweets, or Made Wines To make Mcthcglin or Mead for Sale -

To make Vinegar for Sale

To fell Tea and Groceries, or either of them, including Foreign Grapes, Foreign Currants, Raisins and Figs, by Retail, viz.

In the City of Dublin, or within the Circular Road surrounding the fame, and in every City, Town, and Place returning a Member or Members to serve in Parliament; or within Two Miles of the Sessions House, or principal Market House, or Market Place, of any such City, Town, or Place -

In any other Part of Ireland.

To fell or make any Gold or Silver Plate; viz.

In the City of Dublin, or within the Circular Road surrounding the fame, and in any City or Town in Ireland fending a Member or Members to serve in Parliament; or within Two Miles of the Sessions House, or Market House, or Market Place, thereof

In any other Part of Ireland -

£. d.

Oio

050

026

oxo

OOI

o o of

0 0 2

0 0 3 0 0 2 o o o§

8 0 0

4 0 0

10 0 0

1 0 O',

4 0 0

2 0 0

5 0 0

2 0 0

1 0 0

0 10 0

2 0 0

5 0 0

2 0 0

5 0 0

500

300

500 2 0 0

SCHEDULE (A.)

Duty*.

20

11

Licences continue /.

To keep a Tan Yard or Tan Pit, or to tan Leather To dvefs Hides and Skins in Oil -

To make Vellum or Parchment*- -

To fell by Retail Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Porter, Ale, Cyder, or Perry, Metheglin, or Mead, in the Places following, viz.

In the City of Dublin, and within the Circular Road surrounding the Paid City, and '.within the District of the Metropolis of Dublin, or within the City of Cork, or the City of Waterford, or the City of Limerick (including all Places surrounded by the<

Lid Cities respectively, and that Part of the City of Limerick called St. Francis's Abbey) or within the Town of Bclfaft Within the rest of the respective Counties of the said Cities of Cork, Waterford, and Limerick, or within one Mile thereof, respectively; or in any Place beyond the Circular Road surrounding the City of Dublin, and the Wall of His Majesty's Park the Phoenix, not'more than Two Miles distant therefrom; or within one Mile of the Town of Bclfaft, or of the publick Lamps therein -

In any other Place within the District of the Excise Office of Dublin, beyond the Circular Road and Wall of His Majesty's Park the Phoenix, not distant more than Five Miles therefrom; and within the Cities of Ar. agh, Londonderry, and Kilkenny, and the Towns of Athlone, BalinaHoe, Bandon, Carlow, Cashell, Ca'tlebar, Clonmel, Coleraine, Drogheda, Dundalk, Ennis, Enniskillen, Galway, Kiniale, Lisburne, Longford, Loughrea, Mallow, Newry, New Ross Siigo, Tipperary, Tralee, Wexford, and Youghall, and within one Mile of the Market House or Market Place, therein respectively In any other Part of Ireland than those Parts before described To fell by Retail Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Porter. Ale, Cyder, Perry, Metheglin, or Mead, at any Encampment of Toooopsin Ireland for One Month And for every successive Month

To sell Spirituous Liquors in Quantities not less than Two Gallons, and not exceeding Fifty Gallons, in the several Places following, viz.

In the City of Dublin, and within the Circular Road surrounding the said City and within the Liftvi& of the said Metropolis, or within the City of Cork, or the City of Waterford, or the City of Limerick, (including all Places surrounded by the said Cities, respectively, and that Part of the City of Limerick called St. Francis's Abbey, or within the Town of Bclfaft -

Within the rest of the respective Counties of the said Cities of Cork, Waterford, and Lfmerick, or within one Mile thereof, respectively; or in any Place beyond the Circular Road surrounding the said City of Dublin, and the Wall of His Majesty's Park the Phoenix, not more than Two Miles distant therefrom; or within one Mile of the Town of Bclfaft, or of the publick Lamps therein -

In any other Place within the District of the Excise Office of Dublin, beyond the Circular Road and Wall of His Majesty's Park the Phoenix, not distant more than Five Miles therefrom; and within the Cities of Armagh, Londonderry, and Kilkenny; and the Towns of Athione, BalinaHoe, Bandon, Carlow, Cashell, Caitlebar, Clonmell, Coleraine, Drogheda, Dundalk, Ennis, Enniskillen, Galway, Kinfale, Lisburne, Longford, Loughrea, Mallow, Newry, New Ross, Sligo, Tipperary, Tralee, Wexford, and Youghall, and within one Mile of the Market House or Market Place therein respectively -»-

In any other Part of Ireland than those Parts before described -

To fell Hotne-made Spirits on Commission or otherwise, in any Place in Ireland, in Quantities not less than Fifty Gallons; the Person so felling not bein«* a licensed Distiller To fell Spirits, not being Home-made Spirits, on Commission or otherwise, in any Place in Ireland, in Quantities not less than Fifty Gallons, the Person so felling not being an Importer of such Spirits -

Toexercise the Trade or Business of a Brazier or Worker in Brass, Copper, Tin, or other Metal, for making of Stills, Still Heads, and Worms of Stills, viz.

In the City of Dublin, or within the Circular Road surrounding the fame, and in any City or Town in Ireland fending a Member or Members to serve in Pai*liament, or withir. Two Miles of the Seiftons House, or Market House or Market Place thereof In any other Part of Ireland -

To keep a Malt House and make Malt for Sale, or to be used in any Brewery or Distillery; for each and every Cistern or Kiln, which ever shall be the greatest in Number, in each and every Malt House in which such Business fhalfl be carried on, in the Places following, viz.

i.

O

0

0

30 o 0

25 0 o

o

o

o

o

2S

20 o o

J5

10

20

o

o

6

3

o

o

i.

) 0)3)3

Licences (to keep a Malt-'ioiife) continued.

In the City of Dublin, and within the Circular Road surrounding the said City, and within t!i" Diilriet of the Metropolis of Dub in; and in any Place beyond the said Circular Load, and the Wall of His Majesty's Park the Phoenix, not more than Two Miles diiiant the e from; or within the City of Cork, or the City of Waterford, or the City of I.iimiJt (including all Places surrounded by the said Cities, respectmly, and that Part of the City of Limerick called St. Francis's Abbey, ) or within the Town of Belfuft Witijiu the rest of the respective Counties of the said Cities of Cork, Waterford, and Limerick, or within one M*le thereof respectively, or in any other Place within the District of the Excise Cftice of Dul .in, beyond the Circular Road and Wall of .is Majesty's Park the P.ioeniv, not distant me*e than Five Miles therefrom; or within One Mile of the Town of Belial!, 01 of the publick Lamps therein; or within the Cities of Armagh, Londonderry, and Kilkenny; or the Towns of Athlone, Ballinafloe, .Bandon, Carlow, Calhell, Castlebar, Clonmel], Coleraine, Drogheda, Dundalk, Ennis, Enniskillen, Galway, Kinfale, Lilburne, Longford, Loughrea, Mallow, Newry, New Ross, Sligo, Tipperary, Tralee, Wexford, and Youghall, and within one Mile of the Market House or Market Place therein respectively - _ -

In any othwr Part of Ireland than those Parts before described -

To fill Malt (the Party felling the fame not being licensed to make Malt) -

To brew Strong Beer Porter or Ale, or Small Beer, for Sale; for each and every Brewhouse in tie Places fallowing, viz.

In the City of Dublin, or within the Circular Road surrounding the said City or within the Diilrift of the Metropolis, or beyond the said Circular Road and Wall of His MajestyN Park the Phoenix, not more than Two Miles diiiant therefrom; or within the City of Cork, or the City of Waterford, or the City of Limerick (including all Places surrounded by the said Cities respectively, and that Part of the City of Limerick called St. Francis' Abbey, ) or within the Town of Beltaft Within the rest of the respective Counties of the said Cities of Cork, Waterford, and Limerick, or within one Mile thereof respectively, or within one Mile of the Town of Belfall, or of the publick Lamps therein; or in any Place within the District of the Excite Office of Dublin, beyond the Circular Road and Wall of His Majesty's Park the Phoenix, not distant more than Five Mik*3 therefrom Within the Cities of Armagh, Londonderry, and Kilkenny, and the Towns of Athlone, Ba'linalloe, Bandon, Carlow, Calhell, Castlebar, Clonmell, Coleraine, Drogheda, Dundalk Ennis, Enniskillen, Galway, Kinfale, Lilburne, Longford, Lcuighrea, Mallow, Newry New Kofs, Sligo, Tipperaiy, Tralee, Wexford, and Youghall, and within one Mile of the Market House or i\ arket Place therein respectively In any other Place in Ireland -

To keep a Tavern, Hotel, Club-House, or Coffee-House -

To fell by Auction 5

Within theiiftrift of the Metropolis, or within Si\' Miles of the Cattle of Dublin, or within the City of Cork, or the City of Waterford, or the City of LimericI^, (including all Places surrounded by the said Cities respectively, and that Part of the City of Limerick called St. Francis's Abbey, ) and within the rest of the respective Counties of the said Cities and in the Town of Belfalt -

In any other Part of Ireland To make Glass Bottles, and other Vessels, or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal To exercisethe Trade or Calling of a Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman, or other trading Person, gcingfiom Place to Place in Ireland, and travelling either on Foot, or with Horse or other Beal! of burthen or otherwise carrying to fell, or exposing to Sale, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize; also Licences to travelling Tinkers, and Callers of Iron and Metal, and to Persons hawking about Tea or Coffee for Sale And further for every Horse or other Beall bearing or drawing Burthen, which such Person shall so travel with, or cause to he used or the Purpose of carrying or drawing his, her, or their Goods, Wares, or Me rchandize -

To earn- on the Trade of a Coachmaker, or Maker of any Carriages chargeable with Duty To carry on the Trade of selling Carriages chargeable with Duty, by way of Auction or on Commission -

To let to Hire any Horse for the Purpose of travelling Poll, by the Mile or from Stage to Stage

Metheglin or Mead.

For and upon every Gallon of Metheglin or Mead made in Ireland for Sale, and after the fame Kate for any greater or less Quantity, to be paid by the Maker thereof

eQ / dm

30 o o

20 O O 15 O O

20 O O

50 O O

30 O O

75 o o

20 O O 2 0 0

10 o o 500 loo

2 0 0 0JO

O50 2 0 0

SCHEDULE (A.)

Duty.

Paper Manufacture.

For and upon the several Sorts of Paper herein after mentioned, which shall be made in Ireland, the several and respective Duties following, to be paid by the Maker of such Paper respectively For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Paper made in Ireland, other than Brown Paper made of old Ropes or Cordage only, without separating or extracting the Pitch or Tar, or any Part therefrom, and without Mixture of other Materials therewith, and not being glazed Paper for Clothiers and Hot-preflers or Sheathing Paper, or Button Paper, or Button Board «* -

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Brown Paper made of old Ropes or Cordage as aforesaid only, and of all Button Paper or Button Board For every Hundred Weight of Paste B ard, Mill Board, and Scale Board, and Paper commonly called by the Name of Sheating or Sheathing Paper -

And so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

For every Hundred Weight of Glazed Paper for Clothiers and Hot-preflers And so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity*

Paper-Hangings.

For and upon every Square Yard of Paper Hangings, which shall be printed, painted, or stained in Ireland; over and above the Duties payable for the Paper before the printing, painting, or staining thereof, -

And Co in Proportion for any greater Quantity; to be paid by the Printer, Painter, or Stainer thereof.

Plate Wrought*

For and upon every Ounce Troy Weight of Gold or Silver Plate, wrought, made, or manufactured in Ireland -

And so in Proportion for any greater or less Weight.

Male Servants*

For every Male Servant who shall be retained, or be employed by any Person in Ireland at any Time after the Fifth Day of January in each and every Year, the Sums, Duties, and Taxes following; that is to say,

For One Male Servant -

For Two Male Servants, each -

For Three or Four Male Servants, each -

For Five, Six, or Seven Male Servants, each -

For Fight Male Servants, each -

For Nine Male Servants, each -

For Ten Male Servants, and upwards, each By any Male Person never having been married, for each Male Servant retained or employed by him. over and above the before mentioned Duties, the further Sum of -

To be paid by the Person who shall retain or employ such Male Servant or Servants, and to be paid for every Male Servant who shall be retained or employed in any of the following Capacities; that is to say, Maitre d'dotel, House Steward, Matter of the Horse, Groom of the Chamber, Valet de Chambre, Butler, Under Butler, Clerk of the Kitchen, Confe£lioner, Cook, House Porter, Footman, Running Footman, Coachman Groom, Pottilion, Gardener, Park-keeper, Game-keeper, Huntsman, or Whipper-in, or by whatever Name or Names Male Servants, really acting in any of the said Capacities, mall be called or known, or whether such Male Servants shall have been or shall be retained or employed in one or more of the said Capacities, or in any other Business, jointly with One or more of the same.

For every Male Person employed by any Person in Trade, or exercising any Profefliion whatever, as a CTrk or Book-keeper, or Office-keeper; except Apprentices, where no I remium or a Premium less in Value than the Sum of Twenty ounds has been paid or contracted for with such Apprentice, the Duties following, v'z.

Wheiv one such Clerk, Book-keeper, or Odice-keeper, and no more shall be employed, the Sum of -

And where more than one such Clerk, Book-keeper or Office-keeper, shall be to employed, for each the Sum of -

For every" Male Per Ton employed by any Person in Trade as a Shopman (except Apprentices as aforesaid'fot the Purpose of expoAng to Sale, or felling Goods, W'ares or Merchandize in such Shop or Warehouse, whether by Wholesale or Retail, the Sum of -

£ t.

o o 3

O 0 I 4 0 0 050

O I o

Duty far each Male Servant,

0 0 Ij

1

11

2

12

3

13

4

o

6

o

6

o

6

o

L.oog le

Mile Servants continued.

Exemptions.

4 t. d.

Any Servant (other than such as are herein specified, and in respect of whom the Matter is subject to Duty) who shall be really retained or employed for the Purpose of Husbandry or Manufacture, or of any Trade or Calling, by which the Matter or Mistress of such Servant shall earn a Livelihood or Profit, and who shall not at any Time be employed in any Capacity in respect of which a Tax is payable for any Servant,

An* Servant of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, or any Butler, Cook, Gardener, or Porter of the College of the Holy and Undivided Trinity of Quten Elizabeth near Dublin, or any Servant of the Royal Hospital near Ki mrinham, or of the Blue Coat Hospital or Lying-in Hospital in Dublin, or any Hospital or Charitable Institution.

One Servant of any Officer serving in any Regiment of Horse or Dragoons under the Rank or not receiving the Pay of a Field Officer, provided such Officer retains no more than One Servant and any Servant of any Officer serving in any Regiment of Artillery, Infantry, or Marines or Corps of Engineers, such Servant being actually a Soldier in the Regiment or Company to which such Officer shall belong 5 and any Servant of any Officer in His Majesty's Navy, under the Rank of a Matter and Commander, in actual Employment, such Servant being borne upon the Books of the Ship to which such Officer shall belong.

One Sen-ant of any Officer on Half Pay from His Majesty's Navy, Army, or Marines, provided such Officers shall retain no more than One such Servant only.

Sweets or Made Wines.

Tor and upon ereiy Barrel, containing Thirty-two Gallons, of all Liquor called Sweets or Made Wines for Sale, made in Ireland, by Infusion, Fermentation, or otherwise, from Fruit or Sugar, or from Fruit and Sugar mixed, with any other Ingredients or Materials, and after the fame Rate for any greater or less Quantity, to be paid by the respective Makers thereof

Tobacco.

Tor and upon every Pound Weight of Tobacco which shall be manufactured in Ireland in any Manner; — to be charged on the Person manufacturing the fame, or taking any Part thereof, out of the original Package, for the whole Quantity contained in such Package (as expressed in the Permit, by virtue of which the Package was conveyed to the Manufacturer), at the Tune when the same shall be opened -

Vellum and Parchment.

For and upon all Vellum and Parchment which shall at any Time or Times be made in Ireland, the

respecttive Rates and Duties herein after mentioned (that is to say)

For aed upon every Dozen Skins of Vellum -

For and upon every Dozen Skins of Parchment

And 1 roportionably for any greater or less Quantity of such Vellum and Parchment, to be*paid by the Maker thereof respectively.

Vinegar.

For and upon every Barrel containing Thirty-two Gallons of Vinegar, Vinegar Beer, or Liquors preparing for Vinegar brewed or made in Ireland for Sale, and after the fame Rate for any greater crlch Quantity, to be paid by the Maker thereof respctfively -

5 5

[.fee <tj to Impotf Duty, 47 Cf» \

c. 3*0

O O TZ

0 0 6 OO3

3

47 Geo. III.

E

Window*.

C. t8. 47° GEORGII III. Sess. v. A.D. 180y»

- mm — I - - - A'

Windows.

For and out of every Tenement or Duelling House having more than Six Windows or Lights the Rate* following, viz.

Number of Windows above Six, according to which the Dwelling House shall be charged Yearly; and the

yearly Rates on such Dwelling House.

Number of Window* Yearly Rates. Number of Window*. Ycally Ra: res. Number of Window*. Yearly Rate*. f 1 Number of Window*. Yearly Rate*.

X. s. d. .£ d. A d. 4*. i.

1 0 10 0 513 ir 3 9? 9138 346 3

8 0 1395*3 >3996 =4 16 3j9 348 9

9 0 17 6 533 16 3 97 24 18 9140 3* 5 2

IO 1 I 3 5+.13 18998 2 5 I 3 141 36 7 6

11*5 0 55 14 >39995 391 142 a6 10 0

it 1 12 0 56 >4 16 3 100 26 10 043 36 13 6

*3 I l89! 57+ 189ICI 26 12 6 144 36 r5 0

*4*5 7 1 58 '5 1 3 102 265 0 145 36 17 6

a 139I 59 15 39«oi 26 <5: 146 37 0

16 3 2 0 1 60 '5 189Jo; 27 0 0 147 37 2 6

*7.310 0 i 61 16 1 3°5 27 2 6 148 37 5 ©

18 38 0 62 16 39106 27 5 0 ! 149 37 7

4 6 3 1 63 16 6 3 i°7 27 7 6 150 38 13 9

20 4 16 3 64 ill 89108 27 10 0,5i 38 16 3

21 5 6 3 65 x7 39109 27 12 6 152 38 18 9

22 5 »6 3 66 J7 6 3 no 28 189253 39*3

33 6 6 3 677 89xii 29 1 3:54 39 1

24 6 16 3 687 11 3 112 29 39*55 39 6 3

*5 7 &969 17 f39*3 29 6 3 156 39 8 9

26 7 n 3 /O 18 891*4 29 89*57 39 11 3

27 7 !397* 18 ii 3 "5 29 11 3j8 393 9

28 7 16 3 72, 18 139n6 2939!59 396 3

*9 7 18973 18 16 3 117 39 16 3 160 4! 2 6

J° 8 11 3 74 18 189118 29 189! i6r 41 i2

3* 8 J39759 r391*9 3o 1 3 ! 162 4* 7 6

3* 8 16 3 76 19 16 3 120 3i 7 6 i6j 4« 10

33 8 189779 189r 121 3* 10 0 1 164 41 1* 0

34 9*3 78 20 1 3 122 3i 12 665 4*5 0

359*3979 20 39123 3i 13 0 1 166 4*7 6

36916 3 80 20 189*34 3i 17 6: 167 42 ° 0

37918981 21 1 3*5 32 0 0 168 42 2 0

38 10 1 3 82 2r 39x*6 32 2 6 i 169 42 5 0

39 10 39«3 21 6 327 32 5 0 17 43* 3

40 10 18984 2t 89128 3a 7 6 17* 43 9

41 11 1 3 85 22 39129 32 10 0 172 436 3

4* 11 3986 22 6 3 130 33 16 373 438 9

43 11 6 3 87 2289*3* 33 189*74 44*3

44 ii 8988 22 11 3 132 34 1 375 44 3 9

45* 3989 2239*33 34 39176 44 f 3

46 12 6 3 90 23 89*34 34 6 377 4+ 8 9

47 12 899* 23 11 335 34 89178 44*

48 12 11 3 92 23 139136 3+ 11 379 443 9

49 13 139! 93 23 16 337 3+39180 46 O O

50 l3*9 I 943 18 9

And for every Dwelling House, having more than 180 Windows or Lights, for every Window or .Light exceeding the Number of iSo -

Exemptions and Abatements.

His Majesty's Castle of Dublin, and any House within the Circuit thereof, and any House or Tenement for the Residence of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, or of the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or of the Under Secretaries in his Office; and the College of the Holy and Undivided Trinity of Queen Elizabeth near Dublin; shall bp wholly exempted from the said Duties.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Window* (Exemptions) continued.

Any Warehouse or Workhouse, being a distinct and separate Building, and not a Part or Parcel of the Dwelling House nor Shop, nor occupied in Fart or in the Whole as a Dwelling House, but employed iolely for the Purpose of lodging Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or for carrying oa some Manufacture or Trade, although the fame may adjoin to, or have internal Communication with the Dwelling House, shall be wholly exempted from the said Duties.

If in any House containing Eight Windows or more, any Room or Rooms shall be occupied by any Lodger or Lodgers not paying, respectively, a Rent exceeding Five Pounds yearly for such Lodging, so much of the Tax on such House, in respect of all the Windows or Lights therein as shall in respect of the Windows or Eights in the Part of such House so occupied exceed One Shilling for each Window or Light, mall be deducted from the whole Charge of such House.

Any Hospital, Charity School or House, provided for the Reception and Relief of Poor Persons, or any Gaol, Prison, or Sessions House, or any Hall, Office, or Public Building whatsoever in Ireland, shall not be charged in respect of Windows therein, otherwise than in Manner herein after mentioned; that is to say, all the Dwelling Rooms or Apartments in any such Public Building, being occupied by any Officer of, or belonging to, or employed in the fame, or by any Servant of such Officer 5 and all such Rooms and Apartments not containing more than Six Windows or Lights, shall be charged with the in respect of Windows at the Rate §f One Shilling for each Window or Light therein; and if such Rooms or Apartments^ shall contain more than Six Windows or Lights, then they shall be charged with the said Tax as if they were an entire House 5 and the Persons respectively by whom or by whose Servant such Rooms or Apartments are or shall be inhabited, shall be chargeable with, or liable to pay the said Taxes, as Occupiers of inhabited Houses are by Law chargeable with, and liable to pay the same.

Any Dwelling House or other Building, in respect of any Window which shall be occupied with, or used for a Loom, which shall be Handing at such Window, and really used in Weaving.

Any Dwelling House wholly occupied as a Boarding School, for the Education of Children, and kept by a rerson licensed to keep a School by the Ordinary of the Diocese, or the JuRices at Sriftons, shall not be charged with any higher Rate or Tax than One Shilling for each Window or Light therein.

Duty.

--7

SCHEDULE (B.)

COUNTERVAILING DUTIES, payable on the Importation into Ireland from Great Britain, of certain Articles of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain, in lieu of aAl Counter vailing Duties on the like Articles under former Acts.

Cvuntrrv atiinf Du.10.

Cards and Dice.

For and upon every Pack of Printed, Painted, or Playing Cards, made and manufactured in Great Britain -

And 1 further Duty, , the Pound -

For and upon every Pair of Dice made or manufactured in Great Britain

£ /.

0 2 0 O O 3 0159

Paper.

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Paper made in Great Britain, other than Brown Paper made of old Ropes or Cordage only, without separaiing or extracting the Pitch or Tar, or any Part therefrom, and without any Mixture of other Materials therewith, and uot being glazed Paper for Clothiers and Hotpreilers, or Sheathing Paper, or Button Paper, or Button Board; and also except Paper Hangings -

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Brown Paper made in Great Britain of Old Ropes or Cordage only as aforesaid, and of all Button Paper and Button Board For and upon every Hundred Weight of Pasteboard, Millboard, and Scalcbtsard and Paper commonly called by the Name of Sheathing or Sheathing Paper

And so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

For and upon every Hundred Weight of Glazed Paper for Clothiers and Hot-prefferi Andfo in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

003

001

100

050

Stained Paper.

For and upon every Square Yard of Printed, Painted, or Stained Paper Hanging!, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity

o ft 1}

a8 0.18, 19. 470 GEORGII IIf. Sefl.i.'A.D. 1807.

Ccun

Dutt< y.

I.

0 0

J.

3

0 10

5 5 0

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

s

3

S

3

5

z

8"

'Books.

For and upon every Found Weight Avoirdupois of Books, bound or unbound, ar.dof Maps or Prints

Wrought Plate.

For and upon every Ounce Troy of Gold or Silver Plate, wrought, made, or manufactured in Great Britain -

Sweets, or Made Wines.

For and upon every Barrel, containing Thirty two Gallons Wine Measure, of British Sweets, or other British Liquor made by Infusion, Fermentation, or othervviie, from Fruit or Sugar, or from Fruit and Sugar mixed with any other Material or Ingredient wiuitsoever, commonly called Sweets, or called or distinguished by the Name of Made Wines

Tobacco and Snuff.

For and upon every Found Weight Avoirdupois of,

British manufactured Short-cut Tobacco, or Tobacco manufactured into what is commonly knowaor called by the Name of Spanish -

British manufacturea Shag Tobacco, cut -

Britishi manufactured Roll Tobacco -

British manufactured Carrot Tobacco

Of every other Sort of British manufactured Tobacco not herein-before enumerated or described -

British manufactured Rappee Snuff -

British manufa£ureri Snuff, called Scotch Snuff -

British manufactured Snuff, called Brown Scotch Snuff -

British manufactured Stalk Flour -

For and upon every Found Weight Avoirdupois of every other Sort or Kind of British manufactured Snuff, or Snuff Work, not herein-before enumerated or deftribed

CAP. XIX.

An Act*o provide more effectually for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland; and for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be Warehoused in Ireland\ until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight.

[17th March 1807.]

WHEREAS the several Acts in force in Ireland for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland, and for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be Warehoused in9Ireland, are about to expire; and it is expedient that the Provisions in the said A<fl$ contained should be con-f fblidated and amended; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, and during the Continuance of this Act, the several Drawbacks and Bounties in the Schedule to this Act annexed shall be paid and allowed on the Exportation from Ireland (except to Great Britain) of any Sugar of the British Plantations in the same State in which it was imported, or of any Refined Sugar called Bastard: , or any ground or powdered Sugar broken in Pieces, or any other refined Sugar in the Loaf complete and whole, or Lumps duly refined, or Sugar called Candy9 in lieu-of former Drawbacks or Bounties on such Sugar when so exported.

II. And, in order to ascertain in Ireland the Average Prices of Sugar according to which the Drawbacks and Bounties payable under this Act on Sugars exported from Ireland (except to Great Britain) are to be allowed, be it enacted, That the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland shall from Time to Time after the Arrival in Dublin of any London Gazette, containing Notices of the Average Prices of Brown or Muscovado Sugar as the same shall have been ascertained by Law in Great Britain at any Periods whatever, forthwith cause such Average Prices to be insertedin the Dublin Gaxef/e, and all such Prices shall be inserted in British Currency.

III. And be it further enacted, That if in the Publication of the Dublin Gazette, containing Notice of the Average Price of Brown or Muscovado Sugar for the Quarter of a Year preceding the Fifth Day of Mays or the Fifth Lay of September, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven, or the Fifth Day of January in the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight, or any or either of the said Days in any subsequent Year during the Continuance of this Act, ascertained and taken in Manner prescribed by Law in G. eat Bntain9 and

thar the Average inserted in the London Gazette9 it shall appear that the Average Price of such Sugar so ascertained and taken for

Su Cjt t^ie P reading Quarter of the Year in England shall not have exceeded Seventy Shillings Sterling British Currency,

vc exceeded for an Hundred Weight, excJufive of the Duties paid or payable on the Importation thereof, then and in every

70*p* rCvt such Case the Drawback or Bounty in the Schedule to this Act annexed, mentioned as corresponding to or with the Dtuxfhitcks the Price of which such Notice in the London and Dublin Gazettes as aforesaid shall have been given as aforesaid, or B/nry 1, 1 the be paid or allowed on Exportation fexcept to Great Lritain) of the several Sorts of Sugar mentioned in

Sch* l' c the said Schedule, until Notice publishediu the London GaxetU of the Average Price for the Quarter of a Year

After5?h March 1807, Drawback' in annexed Table shall be given in 4icu of former Drawbacks.

Average Prices of Brown Sugar, inserted in .London Gazette, shall be from Time to Time inserted in Dubiiti Gazettes, If at certain Periods it appears by such lafertions in Dublin Gazette

Pi ice ShMi be paid, Uc,

preceding

A.D. 1807.

47 GEORGII III. Sett 1.

C. 19.

29

preceding any other of such subsequent Days, shall be inserted in the Dublin Gazette; and such Drawback or Bounty shall be paid or allowed in like Manner in every vefped, and Fubject and under and according to the like Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as any Drawbacks and Bounties are paid or allowed under and by virtue of any Act or Acts in force or to be in force in Ireland relating to Drawbacks and Bounties, except in so far as the same are altered by this Act.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That on the Exportation from Ireland of any Sugar in the fame on Fxp'nation State in which it was imported, or of any refined Sugar or Sugar called Candy, in any other than a British or of : eti..cd sufe.*r Irljb Ship or Vessel, owned, navigated, and registered according to Law, there shall be paid and allowed One F M..p* Shilling and Sixpence Sterling less Bounty for each and every Hundred Weight of Sugar in Loaf, complete and*1 , s

whole, or Lump duly refined, or Sugar called Candy, so exported; One Shilling Sterling less Bounty for every a 1 bcw, d*

Hundred Weight of refined Sugar called Bastards, or refined Loaf Sugar broken in Pieces, so exported; and

One Shilling Sterling less Bounty for every Hundred Weight of Sugar io exported in the same State in which it

was imported, or refined Sugar being ground or powdered Sugar so exported; than if the fame respectively had

been exported in a British or Irish Ship or Vessel so owned, navigated, and registered 5 any Law, Custom, or

Ufege to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided also, and be it enacted, That whenever it shall happen in pursuance of the Provisions contained When any Pan

or to be contained in any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, that the Lord High Treasurer or Commissionere of "f«'*D.iiy on His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland, or any Three or more of them for the Time being, shall suspend the Payment lb, '} bc

of any Part of the Duty on Brown or Muscovado Sugar imported into Ireland, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer, or Commissionere of the said Treasury, or any Three or more of them $ 6. , |IC

for the Time being, for and in respect of every Shilling in the Hundred Weight of such Duty on Sugar so Drawback or suspended, todecrease the several Drawbacks and Bounties set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed, by a Bou, ltv lhn, i be Sum equal to One Twentieth Part of such Drawbacks and Bounties respectively, and to suspend the Payment Vs

and Allowance of so much of the said Drawbacks and Bounties respectively as such Sum so calculated shall pcVcwt. Iff amount unto, and to continue such Suspension and to alter the Amount thereof, and to take off such Suspension Duty tuipcuded. and to renew the fame, in like Manner and at the same Time as the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury are or may be empowered to suspend the Payment of any Part of the said Duty, on Brown or Muscovado Sugar; and every such Suspension, and also every Alteration and Termination of any such Suspension, shall be published in the Dublin Gazette, at such Days and Times as the Suspension of any Part of the said Duty on Brown or Muscovado Sugar, or any Alteration or Termination of such Suspension is or nny be by any such Act or Acts directed to be published; and such Suspension of Drawback and Bounty shall be subject and liable to such other Rules and Regulations as the said Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the said Treasury, shall from Time to Time direct and appoint.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Cu (loros and Poit B nd mny be

Duties in Ireland to take Bond to His Majesty from the respective Importers, Proprietors, or Consignees of any taken for Biitijl Plantation Sugar for the Payment of the Duties chargeable upon any such Sugar which shall be imported J*ayment of the into Ireland; and all Sugar so bonded shall be lodged and secured at the foie Expence and Rilk of the respective 'mt*

Importers, Proprietors, or Consignees thereof, under His Majesty's Locks, in such Warehouse or Warehousi* ireUml.

a shall befit for that Purpose, and shall be approved of by the said Commissioners, and such Sugar shall not be delivered or taken from any such Warehouse before the full Duties and other legal Charges due and payable thereon shall have been paid and satisfied.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every Bond for Payment of the Duties chargeable upon any such Sugar Dut; , n^u t* iirparted into any Port in Ireland, and warehoused, shall be made payable together with Interest at or after the payable in 6 Rate of Six Pounds per Centum per Annum upon the Amount of such Duties within Six Months from the Date M , ntl, s with 6 I. thereof; and if all Luties due and payable in respect of any such Sugar warehoused under this Act or any Act

or Aftsin force in Ireland immediately before the passing of this Act, shall not be paid and satisfied within Six foiato defray*Months from the Date of the Bond, unless further Time shall be given by the said Commissioners pursuant to- Duty and the Provisions of this Act and all intereil due thereon paid, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, at the Chaigc* Expiration of the said Si< Months, to cause such Sugar to be publickly sold to the bell Bidder, and out of the Proceeds of such Sale to satisfy such Duties, together with the Intereil due thereon, and all such legal Charge* and Evpences as shall have arisen or may bc due relating to such Sugar, and the Overplus (if any be) shall be pa'd to the respective Importers, Proprietors, or Consignees thereof, or to such other Person or Persons as shall be authorized to receive the same.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are Commissioners

hereby authorized, upon Proof to their Satisfaction, that any Sugars which shall be warehoused under this Act, of Customs, if or ivhkh shall have been warehoused under any Act or Acts in force in Inland immediately before the passing of; la

this Act, or any Part thereof, remain unfold, to give Three Months further M ime for the Payment of the Duties Vu'b* on such Sugars, (or upon any Part of such Sugars, in case the Person requiring such farther Time shall be B .i ds for T defirousof paying the, uties on Part of such ougars), and in any such Case it shall be lawful for the said Com- Months, missioners to take a new Bond or Bonds, and to permit the Sugar in respect whereof any such Bond shall be given to remain in any Warehouse under the Provisions of this Act for inch further Period of Three Months* and if at the Expiration of any such further Period of Three Morris the Duties on such Sugars, together with the Interest thereon at the Rate aforesaid, shall not have been paid, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to fti such Sugar for the Payment of the Duties and Intereil due thereon and Costs and Charges aforesaid, in like Manner as herein-before directed.

11 Act may be altered or repealed this Session. §9. — Continuance of Act, 25th March 1808. §10.

1^ SCHEDULE

Three

C.i9»20. 47° GEORGII III. Sess. i. A.D. 1807.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

TABLE of DRAWBACKS and BOUNTIES on certain Sugars to be allowed and paid in lieu of forme*

Drawbacks and Bounties on the like Articles.

Prices of Brown or Muscovado Sugar at which Drawbacks and Bounties are payable. Drawback to be allowed on Sugar of the BriiiOi Plantations in the same State in which it was impojted; and Bounty on refined Sugar being ground or powdered Sugar. Bounty on refined Sugar called Baltards, 01 refined Loaf Sugai bioken in Piece). B >unty on other refined Sugar in Loaf corh-picte and whole, or Lump duly refint-d, or Sugar called Candy,

If the Average Price of Brown or Muscovado Sugar, published in the London Gazette, shall not exceed 40 s. Sterling the Cwt. Sterling, the Cwt. Sterling, the Cwt. Sterling, the Cwt.

33s- oc*. 37s. 6d. 60s.

If it shall exceed 40s. and not exceed 45 s. 31 6 57 6 57

45s. - 508. 3° 37*54

- 5c s. - 58 s. 3° 3° 51

- 583..6oh. 27 27 46s. 6d.

- 6c s. - 62 s. 24 24 40s. 6d.

- 62 s. - 64s. 21 21 36

- 64s. - 66 s. 18 18 30

- 66s. - 68 s. if5 23 s. 6d.

- 68 s. - 70 8. 12 12 19s. 6d.

If it shall exceed 70s. Nothing. Nothing. Nothing.

i

From Feb. 10, 1807, the Payment of Drawback* on the Exportation of Home-made Spirit! from Great Britain to Ireland, or from Ireland to Great Britain, shall be suspended untii

May lf 1807.

CAP. XX.

An Act to suspend, until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and seven, the Payment of all Drawbacks on Spirits made or distilled in Great Britain or Ireland\ and exported from either Country to the other respectively. [ 17th March 1807.]

WHEREAS by the Acts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland it is amongst other Things provided

4* that any Articles of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of either Country which are or may be

*- subject to internal Duty, or to Duty on the Materials of which they are composed, may be made subject on their Importation into each Country respectively from the other, to such Countervailing Duty as shall appear to be just and reasonable in respect of such internal Duty or Duties on the Materials, and that upon the Export of the said Articles from each Country to the other respectively, a Drawback shall be given equal in Amour*

4 to the Countervailing Duty payable on such Articles on the Import theriof into the lame Country from the other: And whereas by the said Acts, and by other Acts of Parliament now in force, certain Countervailing. 4 Duties are chargeable on Spirits made or distilled in Great Britain on the Importation thereof into Ireland, ana on Spirits made or distilled in Ireland on the Importation thereof into Great B* itain, and certain Drawbacks are in certain Cases payable on the Export of such Spirits from either Country to the other respectively: And whereas Doubts have arisen whether certain of the said Duties and Drawbacks are just and reasonable, and how far the same are therefore conftftent with the Letter and Spirit of the said Acts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland: For Remedy thereof, and to the Intent that such Countervailing Duties should be imposed, such Drawbacks allowed, and such Provisions made as shall be judged proper for putting the Trade between Great Britain and Ireland, in respect of Home-made Spirits, upon a just, fair, and equitable Footing, according to the true Meaning and Spirit of the said Acts for the Union of Great Britain and eland. and also that sufficient Time may be afforded for ascertaining just and reasonable Countervailing Duties and Drawbacks, and for making such necessary Provisions as aforesaid, it is expedient that the Payment of all Drawbacks upon the Export of such Spirits from each Country to the other respectively should be suspend^d for a limited Time; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Twentieth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and seven, the Payment of all Drawbacks for or in respect of such Spirits on the Exportation thereof from any Part of Great Hi itain to Ireland> or from Ireland to any Part of Gi tat Britain respectively, shall be suspended until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and seven.

" Act may be altered or repealed this Session. §2.

C A?.

C. 21.

31

WHEREAS it is Expedient to provide for the better regulating and securing the Collection of cer9VV Rates and Taxes in Ireland, in resptdl of Dwelling Houses, Fire Hearths, Windows, Male Serva

CAP. XXI.

An Act to provide for regulating and securing the Collection of certain Rates and Taxes in Ireland, in respect of Dwelling Houses, Fire Hearths, Windows, Male Servants, Horses, Dogs, and

Carriages.

[17th March 1807.]

' certain vants,

9 Horses, Dogs, and Carriages; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

assembbd, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, an Act made in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majestys Kcign,

intituled, An Act to continue until the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and six, and amend 45 G. 3. c. 10

Jcvtrai Act for regulating the Collection of the Duties in Ireland, on Fire Hearths, on Dwelliing Houses, on Coaches wealed.

or.hther Carriages, on Male Servants, on Horses, and on Dogs, and also so much of any other Act or Acts us

purport to continue or amend the said recited Act, shall cease and determine, and the same shall be and are hereby repealed; except so far as the said Acts repeal any former Act, and except so far as the said Acts relate

to the recovering, paying, and accounting for any Taxes or Arrears of Taxes, or any Fines, Penalties, or

Forfeitures recoverable under or by virtue of the said Acts, or any of them, and which shall or may become due

orbu incurred at any Time previous to or on the said Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Officer nny

eight hundred and seven it shall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers appointed by or acting under the ('Hcr , ui h, rvc/ Orders or Directions of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, to collect or superintend the o«

Collection of the said Rates and Taxes, or any of them, at any Timlin the Day-time between the Hours of H^uhiami Eight of the Clock in the Forenoon and Sunset (with the Assistance of a Magistrate, Constable, or oilier Window*.

Person aftingas a Peace Officer) to enter into any House, and into every Out-house and Edifice appertaining

thereto, and into the several Apartments and Places therein, and to take Information from his own View a: id Survey of the Number of Fire Hearths and other Places used for Firing and Stoves therein, and also of the Number of Windows or Lights therein, and such House or Edifice shall be charged accordingly with the Rates ind Tates in respect of the Number of Fire Hearths, and of Windows or Lights therein: Provided always, that if any Home or Edifice has been newly built, such Fire Hearths therein as appear not to be capable of bu-it or being used at the Time of such Survey shall not be charged, or if any such House or Edifice shall be fimilled unfiuuhcd. only in Part, such House or Edifice shall be rated only according to the inhabited Part thereof.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any such Officer shall not on Demand of Entrance by knocking or If O.Ver lb.ill otherwise into any such House, Out-house, or Edifice obtain Admittance, or after Admittance shall not be n >l ol suffered to enter into all and every the Apartments and other Places therein respectively, it shall and may be lawful for such Officer, and he is required to leave a Notice in Writing at such House, with the Owner or Occupier of such House, or' with his Wife, or his or her Child or Servant, above the Age of Sixteen Years, fating forth that such Officer will attend at such House, at a certain Day and Hour to be specified in such Notice, such Hour to be between the Hours of Eight of the Clock at Noon and Four of the Clock in the

Afternoon, and requiring to be admitted into such House, Out-house, or Edifice, and into every Apartment so*

and Place therein respectively; and if such Officer shall not at the Time mentioned in such Notice obtain

Admittance into such House, Out-house, or Edifice, and into every Apartment and Place therein into which he

Dull require to be admitted, the Owner or Occupier of such House shall for each Offence forfeit the Sum of

Twenty Pounds; and if no Person shall appear at such House, Out-house, or Edifice from whom such Officer \vftere no-

can make Demand of Entrance, or on whom such Notice can be served, then such Officer shall and he is hereby I mutuant

required to post such Notice as aforesaid on the Door of such House, Out-house, or Edifice, and if such Officer

fnaiinot at the Time mentioned in such Notice be admitted into such House, Out-house, or Edifice, and into x ol, cr

every Apartment therein, then the Owner or Occupier thereof shall forfeit the like Sum of Twenty Pounds: |>roof 0/Service

Provided always, that due Proof shall be made by the Affidavit of the Person who served or polled such Notice,

of theferving or potting thereof, and if polled that there was not found any Person residing in such House, Out-

house, or Edifice, on whom such Notice could be served.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case where any such Officer shall have been admitted, o .vn-r mxy

or shall have made IJntry into any House or Edifice for the Purpose aforesaid, the Owner or Occupier of such refuse WiiUi-v. House or Edifice, or other Person who shall attend such Officer upon such Survey, upon contenting that the , n'*nv R ' Heufi* or Edifice shall be chargeable with the Tax in respect of One Fire Hearth and of Three Windows for c', rp- inv Room or Apartment therein, may refute to admit such Officer into any such Room or Apartment, exce* t the fame be a Kitchen or a Room in an Out-house, and in every such Case every Officer shall accordingly ebrge such House with the Tax for One Fire Hearth and Three Windows for every such Room or Apartment.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Rates and Taxes on Fire Hearths, and on Windows or Lights, and on Houses in respect thereof, and on Tenements or Dwelling Houses not subj -61 to the said Duty on Fir,;

Hearths or Windows, but subject to certain Rates or Duties in respect of the Rent paid by the Occupier thereof, shall be charged on and be payable by the Occupiers of all Houses and the Out-houses and Edifices the ur.to Oc

10 belonging.

Provi so for House* newly

E- franco, Sec. he ft i*l leave N a ice of future A»-teiul.incc; anil if nor then

On Hfc.mh Tim-c Wind

Out--1; arrh

tiowi, 5 i

lei

3*

Owner of Houses let in

Lo<lg«gs

deemed

Orcupier.

Houses co«mu-inciting shall be charged as one.

Windows in all Out Offices charged.

What shall be

reckoned as

diOimrt

Windows*

Declaration and Return of hltimlicr of Windows and Healths.

Charge? on Hearths and Windows from J jruiary 6tH

Yearly.

Penalty on shipping up Hearths or Windows Double Tax*

Levying the ft h; c* on Healths, Windows, and Houses by Difliefa of Goods of FiNh (is Uiaigtabic.

21. 470 GEORGII III. Sess. i. A.D. 1807.

belonging respectively, and shall and may be levied, at any Time, by Dill refs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Occupier, or at any Time within Two Years after the said Rates and Taxes shall become due on the Goods and Chattels of any subsequent Occupier of fuehHouse.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Dwelling House or Edifice, or any Part thereof, is or shall be let in different Apartments to any Person or Persons, the immediate Landlord of such House or Edifice shall be deemed to be the Occupier of such House or Edifice, and shall be charged with and be liable to pay-the Tax in respect of Windows or Lights in such Dwelling House or Edifice.

VII. And be it further enacted, That where there shall be an internal Communication between any Two Houses adjoining each other, and the same shall be occupied by One Person, and his or her Family, the Taxes in respect of Fire Hearths and of Windows or Lights shall be rated as if such Two Houses were One House.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Kitchen, Scullery, Butlery, Pantry, Larder, Wa(h-house, Landry, Bake-house, Brew-house, and Lodging Room, belonging to or occupied with any Dwelling House, shall be deemed and taken to be Part of such Dwelling House; and all Windows or Lights therein, and also all Sky Lights or Windows or Lights in Stair Cases, Garrets, Cellars, Passages, and in all other Tarts of Dwelling Houses to what Use or Purpose soever applied, shall be reckoued and included in the Number of Windows in respect of which such Dwelling House shall be charged with Duty under this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That when a Partition or Division in any Window or Light shall be of the Breadth or Space of Twelve Inches or more, the Windows or Lights on each Side of such Partition or Division shall be deemed as distinct Windows or Lights, and shall be rated accordingly: Provided always, that every Window in a Frame which is or shall be extended so far as to give Light into more Rooms than one, shall be reckoned and charged for so many separate Windows a j there are Rooms lighted thereby.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Owner or Occupier of every Dwelling House in which with the Out-house or other Edifice appertaining thereto there shall be Two or more Hearths or Places ofed for Firing or Stoves or Seven or more Windows or Lights, shall, when required by any Officer empowered to collect the said Taxes upon Hearths and Windows, make due and immediate Declaration and Return of the greatest Number of Hearths, Filing Places, or Stoves, and of Windows or Lights respectively which were in his or her House or Fremifeson the Sixth Day of January then next preceding, and shall within Fourteen Days after any additional Hearth or Window shall be made or opened, deliver or cause to be delivered to the Officer aforesaid, or in his Absence to the Collector of Excise of the District, a true Lift or Account in Writing under his or her Hand of every such additional Hearth and Window respectively, and if any such Owner or Occupier shallrefufe or neglect to make or deliver such Declaration or Return, Lift or Account, or shall make any undue or false Declaration or Return, Lilt or Account, such Owner or Occupier shall for every Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds to any Person who shall inform or fuc for the fame, and shall be chargeable with and pay double the Rate or Tax which he or (lie ought otherwise by Law to be charged with in respect of Hearths or Windows, as the Case may be; and if at any Time any greater Number of Hearths or Windows shall be discovered in any House, Out-house, or Edifice appertaining thereto, than the Numbers respectively expressed in such Declaration, or Return, Lift, or Account, it shall be taken and received as sufficient Proof of a false or untrue Return, Lift, or Account, unless due Proof be wade by such Owner or Occupier that the Hearth or Window so exceeding had been made or opened within Fouiteen Days

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Rates and Taxes in respect of Fire Hearths and Windows shall be charged for the Whole Year, for such Number of Fire Hearths and Windows as shall be in any Dwelling House, or in any Out-house or Edifice appertaining thereto, on the Sixth Day of January in any Year; and that if any Person shall in order to evade the Payment of the Rate or Tax inxefpeft of Fire Hearths, or Windows or Lights, payable within such Year, (lop up, deface, cover, or conceal, any Hearth, Firing Place, or Stove, or any Window or Light chargeable with the said Tax, and the fame be proved either by Confession of the Party or upon Oath before any Justice, or by the View of such Justice, every such Person shall be charged with and pay double the Amount of the Tax for the fame respectively: Provided always, that the Proof of the Time that any such Hearth, Fire Place, Window, or Light may have been (lopped, shall lie on the Owner or Occupier of the House s Provided also, that no Hearth, Fire Place, Stove, Window, or Light, shall be deemed to be stoppea up unless the Whole of such Hearth, Fire Place, or Stove be built up with Stones or Bricks and Mortar made with Lime, or such Window or Light be (lopped up with the fame Materials as the Wall or Rocs adjoining thereto is composed of.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Person is by this Act chargeable as Occupier of any Dwelling House for the Rates and Taxes in respect of the Fire Hearths or Windows therein or in respect of the Rent paid by such Occupier, such Person shall pay the said Rates and Taxes on Demand of the proper Officer made cither at the House in respect of which or in respect of the Rent paid by the Occupier thereof, such Rates and Taxes are chargeable, or at the Dwelling House of the Person so chargeable if the Person so chargeable shall not rcilde at the House in respect of which any such Rates or Taxes are chargeable, and all Goods and Chattels in either of such Houses, and all Goods and Chattels of the Party so chargeable, wherever the same shall be found, shall, be subject and liable to the Payment of the said Rates ai d Taxes, and of all Penalties for Non-payment thereof, and in default of Payment of the said Rates and Taxes it shall he lawful for such Officer, at any Time between Sunrife and Sunset to make Entry into any or either of such Houses and any Edifices appertaining thereto, and to levy all Sums due for such Rates and Taxes not exceeding Txvo Years Amount of such Rates and Taxes; and all Sums due for any Penalties under this Act by Distiefs and Sale of any Goods and Chattels found in the said Houses respectively, or of any other Goods

C. 21.

33

B<v»rd« fn^! t»e

Hire.

D ittr? on C arr'nors C»'-»rRr4 4 n Pfii.v*, vn whoffc PolTcfT; on they arej

C'-'Ous or Chattels of or belonging to the Person so chargeable; rcflovin^ to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels the Overplus, if any, after the Payment of all inch Hates and Faxes and Penalties respectively, and tae Charges of such Distress; (which shall in no Case exceed One Fourth Part of the faivl Rates and Taxes 1°

XIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person keeping Carriages for Hire, shall paint or cac.fe to he raintrd in Oil Colour on a Board, with Letters vifihle and legible, at lead One Inch long in White upon a i.p

Lack Ground, or in Black upon a White Ground, his or her Name and Names at full Length, and the Worm?, P*rf m< kc*of, »n$

44 IJcensed to keep Carriages for hire which Board shall be affixed in tome conspicuous Place on the Out side 9.' Sc$ fvr of the Front of the House of such Person, not move than Three Feet distant from the Top of the Shop Door or Street Door of such House, and such Person shall ptvfcrve and keep up the fame during the Time such Person (hll continue to keep such Carriage or Carriages, or in Default thereof shall forfeit respectively the Sum of T?n Pounds.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every Person (other than and except Coachmakers having Carriages in their Possession for Sale, ) who shall have in his or her Possession or keeping any Carriage chargeable with Duty under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Inland, the Rates or Duties on which shall not have Leu charged on or paid by the Owner or Proprietor of such Carriage shall be chargeable and charged with and shall pay the Rates and Duties payable for such Carriage, in the same Manner as such Owner or Proprietor is or ought to be charged or chargeable for the fame; and that every Person keeping or having the Charge or Care of any Race Horse or Race Horses, the Rates and Duties for which shall not be charged on or So in case of paid by the Owner or Proprietor of such Race Horse or B ace Horses, shall be chargeable and charged with and ^acc shall pay the Rates and Duties payable on such Race Horse or Race Horses, in the same Manner as the Owner or Proprietor of such Race Horse or Race Horses is or ought to be charged or chargeable for the same.

XV. And be it further enacted, That every Person in Ireland having, keeping, ufrng, or employing, or having Lift* of Lid, kept, used or employed, since the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred ami (even, any C m Mgr*, Carriage with Four Wheels, or any Carnage with lefa than Four Wheels, or any Male Servant or other Male S-rvantt,

Person, or any Dog, orany Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, upon or in respect of whom or which any Rate, Tax, j)or^&c

or Duty is or may be impeded by any Act or Acts now or at any Time hereafter in force in Ireland shall upon fhnf^bc delivered

Demand or within Ten Days after Notice served by the Collector of the Taxes on Fire Hearths, or by any Of- ycai ly by

ficer appointed by the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, to collect or superintend the Cohesion of all Owpci* to

orany of the Rates, Duties, and Taxes, in this Act mentioned, in the Parish or Distritl in which such Person shall 0tfi, ers

reside, deliver to such Collector or other Officer a true Lift or Account in Writing, under his or her Hand, of Dt.mdrt<*

every such Carriage, and of every such Male Servant or other Male Person, and of every such Dog, and of every such Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, which any such Person shall or may have had, kept, used, or employed, or shall

or may have, keep, use or employ at the Time of such Demand or at the Time of the Receipt of any such Notice,

or it any Time after the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seven, or at any Time after the Fifth Day of January in any subsequent Year 5 and which said Lift shall contain the Name and Names of the Person delivering such Lift, the Name of his or her Resider.ee or Place of Abode, at the Time of delivering

such Lift, and of the Place, Parish, Barony, and County in which such Residence is situate, and the Description

of every such Carriage, and the Name and Surname of every such Servant or other Male Person, and the

Capacity in which such Servant or other Male Person was or is or shall be employed, and the Rind and

Description of every such Dog, and the Uses or Purposes for which every such Horse, Mare, Gelding or Mule,

was or is or shall be kept or used; and from Time to Time, as often as any such Person shall keep or have any

additional Carriage, or shall retain or employ any additional Servant, or other Male Person, or shall keep or use

inx additional Dog, or any additional Horse, Marc, Gelding, or Mule, beyond the Number of the fame

respectively expressed in any such Lift, then every such Person respectively shall within Fourteen Days after such

additional Carriage shall be kept, or come into the Possession of such Person, or after any additional Male

Servant or other Male Person shall be retained or employed, or any additional Dog, or any additional Horse,

Mare, Gelding, or Mule shall be kept or used by such Person, in like Manner deliver to the said Collector or other Officer, a like Lift or Account of every such additional Carriage, Male Servant, or other Male Person,

Do^, Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, as the Case may be; and if any such Person shall negletl or refuse to deliver in Manner aforesaid any such Lift or Account as is herein-before required, or shall make or deliver any indue or Life Lift or Account of the Matters and Things aforesaid, or any of them, or if at any Time any such I^rfon shall keep, retain, or employ, or use any greater Number of Carriages, Servants, or Male Persons, Dogs,

Horse?, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, than shall be expressed and mentioned in such Lift or Account delivered by fmh Person pursuant to this Acct, or shall keep, retain, employ, or use any Carriage, Servant, MJe Person,

LYg, Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, not expressed and mentioned in such Lift, such Person shall, for every l): th Offence, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds to any Person who shall inform or Cue fertile fame, and shall be u urge able with and pay Double the Tax, which such Person ought otherwiseby Law to be charged with in rripuft of any such Carriage, Servant, Male Person, Dog, Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, as the Case may he, of which such Person shall have neglected or refused to deliver a List or Account in Manner required by liii* A cl.

XVL. And be it further enacted, That every" Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages shall from Time to Time Account! enterin a Book to be kept solely for that Purpose by such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriagcsthe Number and a"d

Kind of Carriages by him built and constructed for Sale, distinguishing the Number of Wheels of each, and if with Lfs than Four Wheels whether conllru&ed to be drawn by Two Horses abreast or otherwise, and the aiJIdSelJ«r» of Number fold, and the Name* and Places of Abode of the Persons to whom fold, and the Days on which each c\*JTit, get.

47 Geo. III. F Carriage

C. 21.

470 GEORGII III. SeiT. r. A.D.

in07.

penalty 50l.

Duties on Coachmaken, &c. shall be paid to Health Muney Collect on.

Lifts (halt be delivered of all Carriages, .Servants, &c. kept by any Person at different Placet. Penalty 10l.

Returns by Housekeepers of Carriages, Servants, &c. kept or employed byLodgeri,

Carriage was delivered or Tent out of the Shop or Warehouse of fitch Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages; and every Person selling Carriages by Auction or on Commission as aforesaid, shall keep a like Book, and in like Manner enter in the fame, the Number and Kinds of Carriage sold by such Person, dist the Number of Wheels of each, and the (.ays on which such Carriages were fold, and to whom they were fold respectively; all which Books shall at ail reasonabb Times in the Day-time he open to the Inspe&ion of the Collectors of the Tax on Fire Hearths, or any Oliver appointed to sup^r-intend the Collection of the Tax on Fire Hearths, in the Diilrict where such Coachmaker or Mak.*r of Carnages or other Person shall reside and carry on his Business, and such Collector or other Officer shall have Power to enter into the House, Manufactory, Workshop, and other Buildings of every such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages and Persons selling Carriages as aforesaid, and take an Account of ail Carriages there, and to satisfy himself of the Truth of such Entries in any such Books resp* lively; and every Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, and other Person hereby required to keep such Account respectively, shall within Twenty Days after the Fifth Day of Aprils the Fifth Day of July, the Tenth Day of October, and the Fifth Day of January, in each and every Year, after the passing of this A cl, deliver a true Copy in Writing of all and every Entry made in such Book or Books respectively within the w uarter of a Year ending on such Day respectively, containing the Matters and Things before directed, to the Collector of Excise of the District in which such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, or other Ptrro shall reside; and when required so to do by the Commissioniers of Inland Excise and Taxes, or Collector of Island Excise in such District, every such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, or other Person, or his or her Chief Servant, Workman, or Manager, shall make Oath, or being a Quaker, an Affirmation of the Truth of such Account, according to the heft of his or her Knowledge and Belief, and every such Copy of the Account to be delivered by such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages or other Person, shall to the bed of his or her Knowledge and Belief, express the Name and Names of every Person required to be entered in such Account, and the Place or Places of his, her, or their usual Residence 5 and if any such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, or other Person, shall neglect to keep such Account or to deliver such Coy, thereof, or shall wilfully omit any Description which ought to be contained therein, or shall refuse to admit any such Collector or other Officer into the House, Manufactory, Workshop, or other Buildings of such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, or other Person, at a reasonable Hour in the Day-time for the surposes aforesaid, such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, or other Person, shall for every fu h Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Collector of Inland Excise of the Biftridt to whom such Account as aforesaid shall be delivered by any Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, or by any Person selling Carriages as aforesaid, shall forthwith transmit to the several Collectors of the Duty on Fire Hearths within his District an Account of all such Duties as shall be due from any Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, or Persons selling Carriages, within the Walk of such Collectors of the Duties on Fire Hearths respectively, and such Collectors of the Duties on Fire Hearths shall demand, receive, and collect the said Duties accordingly, in such Manner and with such Power and Authorities as the Duties on Fire Hearths may be collected under or by virtue of this Act, or any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall deliver any List or Account required by this Act as aforesaid, and who shall keep, use, or employ any Carriage, Male Servant, or other Male Person, Dog, Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, in any other Place in Ireland, than the Place where such Lift or Account shall be delivered, shall in every such Lift or Account set forth the whole Number of Carriages, Servants, Male Persons, Dogs, Horses, Mares, Geldings, and Mules, kept and used by such Person in Ireland. in order that such Person may be charged for the fame according to the Rate chargeable on the greatest Number retained or kept in the Whole; and such Person shall specify the Places with the Parish and Barony in which the same shall be situate where each such Carriage, Servant, Male Person, Dog, Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule shall be at the Time when such Person shall deliver such Lift, and shall make and sign a Declaration of the Parish or Place in which such person intends to pay for all such Carriages, Servants, Male Persons, Dogs, Horses, Mares, Geldings, and Mules 5 and on Proof of Payment by any terson of the Faxes in respect of all such Carriages, Servants, Male Persons, Dogs, Horses, Mares, Geldings, and Mules, in any one Parish or Ptace, by Production of the Receipt signed by the Collector to whom the Payment shall have been made, or of a Certificate by such Collector, such Person shall be acquitted from the Payment of the said Taxes respectively in any other Parish or Place in Ireland; and if any Person shall neglect or refuse to set forth such Particulars as are hereby required in such Lifts or Accounts, such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten founds.

XIX. And whereas difficulties may sometimes arise in discovering Lodgers or Inmates in Houses liable to pay the said Taxes in respect of Carriages, Male Servants, and other Male Persons, Dogs, Horses, Mares, Geldings, and Mules; be it therefore enacted, That every Inhabitant Householder of ai.y House in which any Lodger or Inmate shall reside, who shall keep, retain, employ, or life any Carriage, Servant, or other Male Person, Dog, Horse, Mare, Gelding or Mule, upon or in respect of which any Rate, Tax or Duty is or may be payable as aforesaid, shall deliver to any Officer appointed to collector superintend the Collection of any of the Taxes aforesaid, on Demand, or within Ten Days after Notice served, by such Officer, a true Lift or Account in Writing, under the Hand of such Inhabitant Householder, exnreffing the Name and Nam s of ev^ry such Lodger or Inmate, with an Account of every Carnage, Servant, Male Person, Dog, Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mqle, kept, retained, employed, or used by such Lodger or Inmate, to the heft of the Knowledge and Information of such Inhabitant Householder; and if any such Inhab tant Householder shall negleCft or refuse to deliver such Lift as aforesaid, or shall wilfully omit or misrepresent any Description which ought to be contained therein, or shall make or deliver any undue or false Lift or Account, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

A.D. 180y. 47° GEORGII III. Seffii. C. 21. 35

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Notice* by this Act required to he given by any Officer in refnedl cf'he Rates, Taxes, and Duties mentioned in this Act, requiring any List, or Account thereof, and the fcwral Lilts or Accounts to be delivered pursuant to such Notires by every Person subject to the said Rates, Taxes, and Duties, or any of them, shall and may be in such Form or Forms adapted to the particular Lilts, or Accounts, required, as the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland may fxomTime to Time order, dinvft. and appoint.

XXI. Prov'ded always, and be it enacted, That in case any Person having or owning any House, subject to any Tax in respect of Fire Hearths or Windows, or keeping, using, retaining, or employing any Carriage, or any Servant, or other Male Person, or any Dog, or any Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, upon or in respect of tviuch any Rato, Tax, or Duty, is or may be payable as aforesaid, shall be absent from Ireland, then a List or Account of the Fire Hearths and Windows, in any House belonging to such Person, and of any and every Carmqe, cr Servant or Male Person, or Dog, or Horse. Ivlare, Gelding, or Mule, kept, used, retained, or employed by such Person, made out and subscribed by the Agent, Steward, Housekeeper, or principal Servant of such Person so absent, and delivered as aforesaid, shall be of the fame Effect as if such Lift or Account were mad*out and subscribed and delivered by the Person owning and occupying such House, or keeping, using, or cirrloving any such Carriage, Servant, or Male Person, Dog, Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule respectively, as tin* Case may be.

Form of Nonccr aurf L'rti may hr tVt t I'fi Uy

C j >.rnifiu nc»s 01 Excite.

R rt trr< 00 of

AUfeotee? miy br mad 1* l»y their Servants'.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That every Male Person who is by this Act required to deliver any List or R -cliclurs 6iaH Account under this A£, of Servants, Horses, Maes, Geldings, or Mules, kept, retained, used, or employed lie marked with by inch Person, and every Inhabitant Householder, who is by this Act required to deliver a List or Account of any Lodger or Inmate in such House, shall in such Lift or Account, in Addition to the Particulars herein-before ^Vclcs this, directed, let forth and declare whether such Male Person, who shall keep, use, retain, or employ any Male Servant, cr any Horse, Marc, Gelding, or Mule, ever had been married, by writing the Letter (B) opposite the Name ol every such Male Person never having been married; or in Default of setting forth and declaring the lame, such Person shall forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds.

XXIII. And be it further mailed, That in all Cases where any Officer on Half-pay from His Majesty's M.*d?of Mlowing Navy, Army, or Marines, shall keep One Male Servant only*, such Officer shall in the first Inllance be charged C< artje on une with the Duty for such Male Servant; and it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excise ^'rvart oi a and faxes, on Application made to them by such Officer, and Proof made that he is an Officer on Half-pay as aft resaid to the Satisf?.6lion of the said Commissioners, to make an Abatement of the Whole Tax from the Charge against such Officer.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Officer appointed by the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Oncers envpnw* Taxes for that Purpose, shall be and is hereby respectively authorized and empowered to charge, levy, collect, erert to col.eet recover, and receive the several Rates, Duties, and Taxes on Houses in respect of the Number of Windows or

Lights therein, or in respetl of any Rent payable by the Occupier thereof, and on Carriages, and on Coach- J makers or Makers of Carriages, and on Sellers of Carriages, and on Male Servants or other Ma'c Persons, Dogs,

Horles, Mare?, Geldings, and Mules, in the same Manner, and with like Powers and Authorities as the Rates and Duties in respect of Fire Hearths by Law may be charged, levied, colie£led, recovered, and received; and that every Person chargeable with, and liable to pay the said Rates, Duties, and Taxes respectively, or any of them, shall on Demand made at the House of such Person by any such Officer, pay to such Officer, the several and respective Rates, Duties, and Taxes which such Person shall be so chargeable with and liable to, and which shall be then payable or in Arrear; and in case of Refusal, or Default in Payment thereof after such Demand, it shall and may be lawful for such Officer at any Time in the Day-time, with the Assistance of a Constable or other Peace Officer, o if no such Con liable or other Peace Officer shall appear or attend, then without such Assistance, to make Entry* into and upon the House, Office, or other Premises of the Person chargeable with the said Rates. Luties, and Taxes, or any of them, and to levy the same, and all Arrears thereof, by 1 ill refs anc! Sale of any Goods of such Person in or upon such House, Office, or other Premises; and if no Goods shall be found in such House, Office, or Premises sufficient to satisfy all such Taxes so payable and all Arrears thereof, then it shall and may be lawful for such Officer to levy the same, by Distress and Sale of any Goods of such Person wheresoever such Goods shall be found, retloring to the Party the Overplus of such Mmcy as such Goods shall be sold for over and above the Tax and Arrears thereof then due, a.id over and above the necessary Charges of taking such istress; and every such Officer shall have a Book 01 Books FornofE^k % prepared for the Collection of each of the said Rates, Duties, and Taxes, or for any Two or move of them, as and Receipts 1* the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Ta es may deem expedient; and every Leaf of every such Book shall such W divided into Three Columns, and upon each of the said Columns shall be printed or written the Name and Rrfidence of the Person chargeable, and the Rates or Taxes wherewith and on what Account such Person is chargeable; and upon the Middle, and also upon the Extreme of the said Columns shall be printed or written, ovrrruidahuvcwii.it shall be contained as above directed, these Words " Received the full Amount of the M foregoing Rates and Taxes,* specifying the Time and Place; and each Column ft rail he signed by the Collector when he receives such Rates or Taxes.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Columns shaft be joined with oblique Lines, Flouriffics, or Regulating P* vices, in such Mcnreras the said Commissioners shall direct, and the Extreme or Third of the said Columns, Receipt* u* fna'l b' harr.pcd with the Duty payable thereon a*, for a Receipt, and it shall be separated or cut off by a Cut

tiuough ti e oblique Line, Flouriffi, or evice which joins it to the Middle Column, and shall be delivered by u Cr. oi,; md th* Ofncer to the Per ion paying the Rates or Taxes on the Account specified therein, and shall be signed by the Tia fivhfhon Ciucc. or L rfon rec*iv; ng such Rates or Taxes at the Time of receiving the fame; and the Second or Middle Duplicate., Column shall in like Manner be signed by the Person receiving the Rates or Taxes therein Rated, at the Time of

C. 21

Jtnmps on

Kccripis shall be pud l»y il.e P-irty, &c.

Ptr.it}iy of 50 U on not

paying Tajicj on one Montu's Notice.

Relief of Parties t-veicha gcti Ly

O/hccr.

OfBc^r neglecting ro riansmit Accc unt* (h >11 be charged 011 Number of Can i >g*$, &c. in

picccfiing Year, accordmgio Raie ot Duty io current Year.

Penalty on Dtiirr*: is m >lt: »g f.the EjiHt.c j or

g*-uni -R fa fc

RrCfipl'. SiC,

5001 and incapacity.

O; cupieM fh.i! 1 produce Id!

Rccc pfs fur Rates io Officers*

47° GEORGII III. fiefT.i'. A.D. 1807.

his sinning the Extreme or Third Column; and all Receipts so signed in such Second or Middle Column, shall once in every Fourteen Days be transmitted to the Collector of Inland Excise and Taxes of the ijiftrict, and the First Column shall remain in the Book to be kept by the Collector of the Rates and Taxes, and produced by hrm at all Times for the Inspection of any Superior Oilicer.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Stamp Duty on all Receipts given by virtue of this Act, shall be paid by the Party charged with the Rates and Taxes in such Receipt specified, and that such Receipt, shall be given without Fee or Reward, of any Nature or Kind whatsoever.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person chargeable with and liable to pnv any of the said Rates and Taxes respectively, shall not pay the same to the Officer empowered to collect the fame within One Calendar Month after Notice in Writing, in the Name of such Officer, shall have been given to such Person or left at the usual Place of Abode of such Person with his Wife or with his or her Child or Servant, above the Age of Sixteen Years, requiring him or her to pay such Rates or Taxes, every such Person shall for every Neglect or Default forfeit Fifty Pounds, provided that at least Seven Days before the Time when such Notice shall be given, such Officer shall have demanded such Rates and Taxes from the Person subject to pay ibe fame, or from his or hgr Child or Servant above the Age of Sixteen Years, at the Place of Abode of the Person subject to pay the same.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Error shall be discovered in any Charge against any Person liable to pay any of the Rates and Taxes aforesaid, by a greater Amount of Duty being charged against such Person than ought to have been charged, it shall and may be lawful for such Person, within Twelve Calendar Months after the Error shall have been discovered, to make his Complaint before the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, who are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine such Complaint, and upon Proof thereof to relieve the Party so complaining of so much of ftch Rates and Taxes as shall appear to have been overcharged, and if such Rates and Ta.xes shall have been paid, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to repay the same.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That in every Case where any Officer or Person appointed to collect the Rates, Duties, and Taxes aforesaid, shall not within Ten Days after Demand in Writing signed by any Commissioner of Inland Evcife and Taxes, served on such Officer or other Person, or left at his usual Place of Abode, whether he be then in Commission as an Excise Officer or not, return a full and distinct Account of his Collection of the said several Rates, Duties, and Taxes, specifying such as he may have omitted to collect (if any such there be) then and in such Case the Number of Fire Hearths, Windows, Carriages, Servants, Dogs, Horses, Marcs, Geldings, or Mules, in the Walk or Parish or Parishes, as the Case may be, wherein Inch Officer or other Person shall have been appointed to collect, shall for such Year for which lie shall so fail to deliver such Account be deemed equal to the Number of Fire Hearths, Windows, Carriages, Servants, Dogs, Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules charged in such Walk or Parish, or Parishes lor the Year next preceding* or any other of the Three lull Years, at the Discret on of the said Commissioners; and every such Officer or other Person shall be charged with rich Surras the Rates, Duties, and Tares, payable in the Year for which such Account shall not have been returned would have amounted unto in respect of the Number of Fire Hearths, Windows, Carriages, Servants, Dogt, Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, respectively appearing to have been charged in such Walk, Parish or Parishes, in such next or other preceding Year; and such Officer or other Person shall be liable to and shall pay the same, and his Sureties shall be answerable therefore to the Extent of the Sum contained in the IDT1d or other Security which Inch Sureties shall have entered into.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer or IVifun appointed to charge, levy, or collect the said Rates, Duties, and Taxes, or any of them, shall, with Intent to defraud His Majesty, His Heirs or Sure-Tors, m ike any false or untrue Entry in the Eedgers or other Books, containing the Survey of his Walk; or shall give cr grant any false or untrue Receipt for the said Rates, Duties, and Faxes, or any of them, or shall make ary salic or untrue Entry in the Duplicate or Duplicates of any such Rcctipt given or granted by him; or if any such Officer or other Person-shall knowingly permit or suffer the same to be done, every such Oilicer or Person so offending being thereof lawfully convicted, shall for each and every such OiTence forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, and be for ever in future rendered incapable of serving His Majesty, His Heirs cr Surceffois, in any Office or Employment Civil or Military.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Su; ervisor, Inspector, cr Collector of the said Rates, Duties, and Taxes, or any of them, to require the Owner or Occupier of any House, orother Person chargeable with the said Rates, Duties, or Taxes, or any of them, to produce t such S.ipervisor, Inspector, or Col-leilor, the la IF Receipt passed or given to such Owner or Occupier or other Person, by any Collector of such Rates, Duties, and Taxes, for and on Account of the said Rates, Duties, and Taxes, or such of them as such Owner, Occupier, or other Person was chargeable with, and liable to pay; and if on Demand made by such Supcmior, Ir.fpc&or, or Collector, at the usual Place of Abode of such Owner, Occupier, or other Person, or from his Wile, o. from his orherChild or Servant above the Age of Sixteen Years, such Receipt shall not he produced and delivered to such Sane. visor, Inspector, or Collector, to be retained by him for such Time as shall be sufficient to enable such Glum to take a Copy of the fame, then it shall and may be lawful for such Supervisor, Inspector, or Collector and they are hereby n fjv-Ttively required to leave a Notice in Writing at the usual Place of Abode of inch Cvrv'r, Occupier, or other Person, or with his Wife, or with his or her Child or Servant above the Age ot Srxttvn Years, fitting forth that such Supervisor, Inspector, or Collector, will attend at such usual I luce of Abode of such Owi.ci-, Occupier, or other Person, at a certain Day and Hour, to be specified in such Nofce, and requiring him or her to produce or cause to be produced such Receipt to such Supc visor, Inspector, or Collector, at the Day and Hour mentioned in such Notice; and if such Owner or Occupier, or other Perm (h.nl not product fin: h Receipt to such finpervisor, Inspector, or Collector ou his attending for that Purpose at

G.

A.D. 1807. 47° GEORGII III. Sefl. 1* C. 21, 22. 37

the Time specif.eJ in such Notice, then such Owner, Occupier, or other Person shall forfeit for every such (hfrr.ee the Sum of Ten Pounds, unless he or she shall at such Time make Oath before such Supervisor, Collector, or Iufpecdor, which Oath such Officers are hereby respectively authorised and required to administer, willK>ut Fee or Reward, that he or (lie used due Diligence to find or procure the said Receipt, and that he or fn? 1 ath not been able to iind or procure the same.

XXXII. And, for the better ascertaining the Amount of any yearly Rents which may be paid by any Person Mode of occupying any Tenement or Dwelling House, not chargeable with any Duty in respect of Fire Hearthj, or not ascerumi*g chargeable with any Duty in respect of Windows, but chargeable according to the Amount of Rent which the a°|J|^0U^ ftme ii.all be worth by the Year, or which the Person occupying thereof shall pay for such Tenement or Dwelling to* Hearth or House, or for the fame together with any Outhouses, Garden, or Appurtenances, or for any Land occupied Window Daty, by such Person; be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Officer or other Person authorized to collect any

of the Rates, Duties, or Taxes in this Act mentioned, from Time to Time to demand from the Occupier of anvfuch Tenement or Dwelling House, an Account in Writing of the full Amount of the whole Rent paid by such Occupier for such Tenement or Dwelling House, and for any Outhouses, Garden, and Appurtenance.?, and for any Land held by such Occupier; and in case such Officer or other Person so authorized shall not be ktidbd with such Account, then it shall be lawful for such Officer or other Person to deliver a Notice at such Tenement or Dwelling-house to such Occupier, or to his Wife, or to his or herCliild or Servant above the Age of Sixteen Years, requiring such Occupier to produce and shew to such Officer, at a Day and Time to be named in such Notice, being not less than Six Days from the Late of such Notice, any and every Lease, Agreement, or other Instrument, under which such Occupier shall hold such Tenement or Dwelling-house, or any Out- houses. Garden, or Appurtenances, or any Laud occupied by such Person, or to produce to such Officer the hit Receipt or Receipts for the Rent payable by such Occupier for such Tenement or Dwelling-house, and for such Out-houses, Garden, and Appurtenances, and for all such Land as shall be tenanted by such Occupier of such Tenement or Dwelling-house, so as to ascertain the full Amount of the whole yearly Rent or Rents paid by such Occupier according to which such Tenement or Dwelling-house ought to be rated pursuant to Law; and on the Production of any and every such Lease, Agreement, or other Instrument, or of such Receipt or Receipts, such Officer shall charge such Tenement or Dwelling-house accoicling to the total Amount of Rent or Rents payable by the Occupier thereof; and if any such Occupier shall neglect or refuse to produce such Lease, Agreement, Instrument, or Receipt, or to cause the same to be produced and /hewn to such Officer, such Occupier shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, and it shall be lawful for such Officer to charge such Tenement or Dw'elling-house as a Tenement or Dwelling-house having Seven Windows or Lights therein, and to levy the Duty payable in nfpeft thereof accordingly.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures inflicted by Recovery and this Act, shall be paid and recovered in /'. hush Currency, and shall and may be sued for and recovered, levied Application of and applied, in such Manner and Form, and by such Ways and Means, and with such Powers and Authorities Penalties.

as are prescribed, directed, and appointed, in and by an Act of Parliament made in Inland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Yearn of the Reign of His late Majesty i hiarle> the Second, intituled, an Act for the settling the 14, 150.2. Excise Gr new Impojl upon his Majesty, Ills Heirs and "uccefr-, according to the Book of Rater therein infer ted; c or in and by an Act made in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to provide^q 3. c. 106, pr the letter Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters, and hings under the Management of the C'anmifvmers of Cijlums ami Port Duties, > nd of the Commisfiaars of Inland Excise and faxes in Ireland, or in ?ud by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland ivlnt'n£ to His Majuly's Revenue of Excise, as fully and eif dually» to all Intents, Co nil ructions, and Purposts, as if the fame were particularly mentioned and exp refled re-enacted in tiffs Ad, with like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties who shall think him, i)?r, or themselves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said Acts or any Act or Acts in force in Jr A .n: l relating to H; s Majesty's Revenue of Excise is provided.

1 Act may be altered or repealed this Session. §34.

CAP. XXII

An Act to allow for Two Years, from and after the p i

Ting

of this Act, an additional Bounty on

Double Refined Sugar, and to extend former Hour.ties on other Relined Sugar to such as ffiafl be pounded, crashed, or broken; and to allow for One Year certain Bounties on Ih kish Plantation Raw Sugar exported. [ t 7th March I S07.]

WHF.REAS it is expedient to allow for a limited Time an additional Bounty c.n the Exportation from the United Kingdom to Foreign Parts oi a certain Dele: ip ion ci Refined Sag r called Double /'fined

u-cr, in Manner herein after mentioned, and to extend the iormer Bounties on the Exportation of other Ddcriptions of Re lined Sugar to such Rein ed Sugar, pounded, cra.hcd, or broken, and in certain Packages, aiul to allow certain Bounties on British Plantation Raw Sugar exported he* it th. refo.e enabled, by the Rag's me ft, excellent Majesty, by and \vi h the Acts ice and Confer, t of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, a: d Commons, in tins present Parliament assembled, and by t!ie AnlUo the pMihig of this Act, and during the Continuance in this\Ci mentioned, above what may be the Bounty allowable by Low in Great Britain and I\ of refined Sugar in Loaf complete and Whole, and Lump duly leimeJ e-»ry Hundred Weight of Refined Sugar cr.'ivd Ban'.? Refined Sugar,

Lb Quantity, which shall be exported from (ir^at Britain (except to I\

JecLt.il (except to Great Britain), under the Rules, Regulations, and Restrictkms in this Act mentioned,

S

ity of the fan e, Th, rd, born and after

rd, a B canty of Ten Si idlings over and

elat.i! i t fptf ivclv, upo n the Exportation

shall b L* alk v.cd, r.r.d paid for each and

and so in Prop' r'ion for any greater cr

cl ami'), or which shall be exported from

Addition B u v ol 10 f. pr. L\vr. on D uUe Krfvi'd Su* sr

'r , -m Great B e^irj., 1 Jrr Iv'd ( xer^t ro each a .et)

38 C. 22.

Regulation* to be observed fur obtaining the bounty.

Standard

Samples of Sugar to entitle to the Bounry, shall be provided by the Committee of Sugir Refiners in London, or Merchants in Dublin.

Sugar entered not equal to the Standard, shall be forfeited.

Bounties (b ill be allowed,

although the Loaves of Sugar 1>e pounded >r broke, tinder the Regulations herein mentioned.

Hmr Sugar in a broken Stare, and also Candy, shall be packed.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. i. A.D. 1807.

(that is to say); Such Double Refioed Sugar shall be in Loaves complete and whole, and shall have gone through the Operation of Two or more Clays ftnee last in the Pan, and shall have been thoroughly dried in the Stove, and shall have been manufactured by a second Process of Refinement from single refined Sugar in Loaves or Lumps duly refined according to Law; and upon the Entry of such Sugar for Exportation as aforesaid, the Exporter shall make Oath before the Collector or Comptroller, or other proper ' .fficer of the Cutfoms at the Port of Exportation, that he will not knowingly or intentionally export or attempt to cvport by virtue of such Entry, any other Sugar than such Double Refined Sugar as Ins been duly manufactured, according to the Directions of this Act; and before any Debenture shall be made out for Payment of the Bounty by this Act granted on Double Refined Sugar, the following Oath shall be taken before one or other of the said Officers; (that is to say), If the Exporter be the Refiner also, he shall make Oath that the said Double Refined Sugar was in L oaves complete and whole, and had gone through the Operation of Two or more Clays lince it was last in the Pan, and had been thoroughly dried in the Stove, and that the said Double Refined Sugar was roanufac-turedby a Second Process of Refinement from Single Refined Sugar in Leaves or Lumps, duly and completely refined according to the true Intent and Meaning of the several Acts in force in Great I ritain and Ireland respectively, for regulating the Bounties and Drawbacks upon Sugars ev ported and the Exportation of such Sugars, and that the said Single Refined Sugar was produced from Muscovado Sugar, which he verily believes was imported from His Majesty's Plantations in America, or from Sugar imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the1 East 'Indies, and that the several Duties payable thereon had been duly paid, and if the Refiner is not the Exporter, he shall in Addition to such Oath make Oath that he fold such Sugar to the Exporter.

II. And be it further enacted, That before such Bounty shall be allowed or paid on such Exportation of such Double Refined Sugar, there shall be provided by and at the Expence of the v ommittee of Sugar Refiners in London, and in like Manner by and at the Expence of the Committee of Merchants in Dublin, Three Loaves of such Double Refined Sugar in London, and Three Loaves in Dublin, which, when approved by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England and Ireland respectively, shall be deemed and taken to be Standard Samples of such Sugar, to entitle it to the Bounty; one of which Loaves respectively shall be lodged with the said Committees respectively, one other with such Person or Persons as the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England and Ireland respectively shall direct to take Charge of it, and one other with the Searchers of the Customs in London and Dublin respectively, or with such other proper Officer as the said Commissioners respectively shall direct, for the Purpose of comparing Double Refined Sugar entered for Exportation, for the Bounty granted by this Act, with such Standard Sample; and fresh Standard Samples shall ip like Manner he again furnished by such Committees respectively, and in like Manner lodged, whenever it may be deemed expedient by the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England and Ireland respectively.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case any Sug<*.r which shall be entered, in order to obtain the Bounty granted by this Act on such Double Refined Sugar, shall, on Examination by the proper Officer or Officers, be found to be of a Quality not equal to such standard Sample, or not to have been duly refined, according to the true Meaning of this Act, all Sugar so entered shall be forfeited, and may be seized.

IV.*And whereas, by the Laws now in force in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, it is required, that

Refined Sugar exported for the Bounties shall be in Lumps or Loaves complete and whole; and it is expedient

that the said Bounties shall be continued to be allowed and paid on the Exportation of the fame from the Ports ' of London and Dublin, although such Lumps or Loaves may be pounded, crashed, or broken; be it therefore further enacted, That on the due Exportation of Refined Sugar for th: Bounties under those Law's the fame Bounties respectively shall be allowed and paid under the Provisions and Regulations of those Acts, on such Lumps and Loaves as may be pounded, crashed, or broken, under the Regulations of this Act, that is to say; such Sugar in Lumps or Loaves shall be lodged and deposited in such Warehouse or Warehouses as shall be approved for that Purpos: , by the Commissioners of the^Customs in England and Irelatid respectivelf, at the fclc Expence and Charge of the Exporters of such Sugar, and the said Commissioners respectively are hereby authorized and required to appoint a fit and proper Person or Persons to attend at such Warehouses, and to inspect into every Sort or Description of such Sugar as the same shall from Time to Time be brought to such Warehouses, and also to inspect into the Packing thereof for Exportation, for the Purpose of ascertaining that all fr< h Sugar so lodged and deposited, and so packed, has been refined according to Law, and no Bounty shall be allowed or paid on such Lumps or Loaves pounded, crashed, or broken, unless the Process of reducing the fame into a pounded, crashed, or broken .State, shall be performed in such Warehouses, at the foie Expence and v harge of the Exporters of such Sugar, and under such Inspection as aforesaid; nor shall any Bounty be allowed on any such Lumps or Loaves so pounded, crashed, or broken, unless the fame fhftl be packed in the Presence of such inspecting Officer or Officers, and the different Sorts and i Vscriptions of Refined Sugar so to be deposited and packed in Warehouses as aforesaid, shall be kept in Floors, Rooms, or Places, dnlinft, separate, and apart, from each other, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Rest fictions, as shall be directed by the said Commissioners of the Customs, in order to prevent a*y Mixture thereof, whereby the Bounties granted by Law maybe improperly obtained; and in case there shall be found in or upon an y Floor, Room, or Place, any Sugar of a Sort or Description not authorized by the said Commissioniers respectively to be deposited in such Floor, Room, or Place, or hfch shall be deposited therein in any Manner not conformable to the Rules or Regulations directed to beobserved by the said Commissioners, for the Security of the Revenue, all such Sugar shall be forfeited, and may be seized.

V. And be it further enacted That all Refined Sugar entered for Exponation under this Act in a pounded, craftmd, or broken State, and which shall have been pounded, craffied, or broken after the fame had Icen deposited in the Warehouses according to the Provisions of this Act, may be exported in Boxes, Chests, or

other

a

A.

470 GEORGII III. Se/T.

C. 22.

37

w

; a

ri?

*T Of

; 3r

1*,

fid

; : 5

T"

riri

; i3t

in

a'..n

ne.te

tTfi

- IT 7 5.rt

ip't*

3

tL-

e: j't

p-ii

'fU

133

d'>:

ilibt

r'T

t)

of«

; r V; I*

iiv

; V

Proof rhal rite Sug.ir has unde*-Roue the piuptr Operatiuus of

ct'a r Packages, 'T.ntaining not left than Four hundred V.Tirht nett cf such Sugar; and all C indy exported, in ordt ro obtain the Bounty allowed by Law, nrty he packed in Boms or other Packages within the Hcgiiieada in w; lmi inch Candy is required to be expo, ted by the Lav. s n. force in Great Britain and Ireland respectively. on a; d iinmedritely before the pa fling of this Act.

VI. 4 And whereas it may be expedient to extend the Benefit granted by this Act to the Pprts of London and Treasury may'Lul in or the Exportation of Refined Lump or Loaf tfug.v, pounded, crashed, or broken, or Sugar Candy,

to other Ports in the United Kingdom, at or near which Rt fineries of Su^ar are or may be established/ be it r; , f poltsC0f ° therefore enacted, That whenever it shall be mack appear to the Satisfaction of the Lord High Treasurer, or

Donduo and the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, that proper Dublin, on the R fineries are eilabliHied and carried on at or near to any Port of the United Kingdom to which it would be Expiration of hue in thrii Judgment to extend the Benefit granted by this Act to the Ports of L ndon and Dublin, it shall tr6*

and may be lawful for th Lord High Treasurer, or the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty 'a Treasury for hroKcn, 'co^y the Time being in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, to declare that the Regulations of this Act shall be other PuiwL extended to such Port, provided that no Bounty shall be paid or allowed upon Refined Sugar or Candy exported fran any such Port, unleisand until the Lord High '1 reasurer, or the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, shall have hgnified their Approbation thereof by Publication in the London or Dublin Gazette respectively, and from and after the Day mentioned in such Publication all and every the Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Penalties, Forfeitures, Regulations, Acts,

Matters, and Things in this Act contained or any Way relating to the Allowance of the Bounties on such Lump or Loaf Sugar, pounded, crashed, or broken, or on Sugar Candy in pursuance thereof, shall extend and b« construed to extend to the Port or Ports named in such Order, in like Manner in every Respect, and as fully and amply to all Intents and Purposes as if such Port or Ports had been e pressly named in this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute shall arise, whether any Refined Sugar, upon which the Bounties granted by this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Great Britain or Ireland, has undergone the several Operations of refining and drying, as directed by this or any othe* Act or Acts of Parliament now in force or hereafter to be made, the Proof thereof shall lie on the Owner or Claimer of such Sugar, and Ri fining, uj lit not upon the Officer who shall seize or flop the fame. ©mue Owner.

VIII. 4 And whereas it ir. expedient to allow for a limited Time a Bounty on the Exportation of Raw Sugar, Bor my allowed

1 the Produccof the British Plantations, in the same State in which it was imported/ be it therefore further enacted, on the Expott*-That whenever it shall appear by Notices in the London and Dublin Gazettes respectively, as required by Law, lion °* R*w that the Average Prices of Brown or Muscovado Sugar, for the preceding Quarter of the Year, taken in Manner UE*r' directed by Law in Great Britain, shall not have amounted to Forty Shillings for an Hundred Weight exclusive* per Cwr. of the Duties of Cuiioms paid or payable thereon, on the Importation thereof, then and in every such Case wiiCQ 4°* there shall be paid and allowed a Bounty of Two Shillings for each and every Hundred Weight of such Sugar, the Produce of the British Plantations, exported from Great Britain (except to Ireland) or exported from Ireland (except to Great Britain) over and above all Sum and Sums of Money payable as Drawback on the Exportation of such Sugar respectively; and if by such Notices as aforesaid it shall appear that the said Average Prices of whenat4o*. ( Brownor Muscovado Sugar shall have been at or above the Price of Forty Shillings, and shall be under Forty- 45, 1$. perCvw. five Shillings for an Hundred Weight, then and in every such Case, there shall be paid and allowed a Bounty of On? billing for each and every Hundred Weight of such Sugar so exported as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Bounties hereby granted upon such Raw Sugar, shall be paid Bounty on Raw in like Manner in every respect, and subject to and under, and according to the like Rules and Regulations, Sugar payable Kdlriftions, I enalties, and Forfeitures (as far as the same are applicable andean be applied) as any Bounty* any other

is now paid and allowed by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Great I ritain and Ireland respectively. ouary.

X And be it further enacted, That the ftvernl Bounties granted by this Act, shall be allowed and paid fu>untiev herein (except where any Alteration is expressly made by this Act) in such and the like Manner, and under and subject allowed fh-dl be to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Rcllridtions, Seizures, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as any pa'd>lr a» fov-Bounties upon Refined sugar were paid or allowed before the pa/Ting of this Act. nu' unUC*

XI.*And whereas it is e pedient that further Encouragement should be given to the Refining of Sugar in this On Entry of

Kfngdom, by allowirg the Payment of the Bounty upon such Sugar, and upon Sugar Candy, being lodged R*ftn<d Sugar arj(i secured for Exportation, in Warehouses under the Locks of the Crown and of the Proprietor or Proprietors Exportation

1 ofluth Suj, ar, be it there fere enacted, That upon the Entry of any Refined Sugar, or Candy, with the proper the be

Ofturer Officers of the CufKrr.s. according to the Regulations of this Act, the fame may be lodged and vV'arehouic*! depoliicd in such Warehouse or Warehouses in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, as shall from Time to Tnf.e be for that Purpcie provided, at the Charge of such Proprietor or Proprietors, and the same shall be tfeereiu secured under and subject to the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions in this Act contained.

XII. ml be it further enacted, That every such Warehouse shall be approved of by the Commissioners of Cocquet and the Customs in England, 'c llan, or Ire and respectively, and shall be under the Locks of the Crown, and the Bill* shall be Proprietor or Proprietors of huh Sugar or Candy; and before any Sugar or Candy shall be received thertin, the 0M* our Dcfore Proprietor or Proprietors thereof shall duly enter the lame with the proper Officer of the Custom.s, specifying

ir. the Bill of Entry that the lanr.e is intended to be warehoused for Exportation under the Regulations of this , y, au 1* Act, and thereupon the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs shall grant to such Proprietor or ProprietorspVr t 1 Expor- proper Coco net, and such Proprietor or Proprietors shall make out Two proper Bills of such Entry for the w?.rehoufing t* deof, and indorse u on fuel. Cocquet and Bills respectively in a fair, dillindlv-and legible Manner thr Marks, Nu: r.' ers, sad D* feriy>ti*vis oL the Packages, together with the Qu^nrity of the Sugar or Candy, and the Gross ana Net Weight of each and every Package, and shall deliver such Cocquet and One of such Bills so iadorsed to the proper Searcher or Searchers of the Customs, and the other of such Bills to the Ware-

1L Loufe

' mot ititrcot 12

Months.

40

C. 22.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. r

A.D. 18<

7*

' 0; i Delivery of Cocqtirl anrf Bills, Sut; ir shall be examined,

and if entitled to Bounty, a IXbenrure shall be itfund accordingly.

If on Examination the Sugar is Hot found agreeable to Entiy, &c. it shall be fuifeited.

Regulation* for the Removal of Sugar from Warehouse* for Exportation.

Account of Sugar secured in Warehouse* shall be kepr.

Sugar expotted shall nor be le-imported.

West India D< c'< Company and London Pock Company deemed I gal War e/ioujes.

TVnnltir? and I: urlti; u: cs*

Corf nuance of ^ountiti.

house-keeper into whose Cmlody the said Sugar or Candy is intended to be delivered, who, upon the Receipt thereof, is to take charge of the fajne accordingly, and the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Sugar or Candy shall also give Bond to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in double the Value of the Goods, which Bond the Collector and Comptroller of the Cult orris at the Port where such Sugar fir all be so ware ho u fed, are hereby authorized and required to take in His Majesty's Name and to His Majesty's TJfe, and rf upon the Examination of Tut h Sugar or Candy by the proper Officers of the Customs at the Time of the Delivery into the Warehouse, the fame fir all be found to be entitled to the Bounty granted by Law, 'that the said Sugar or Candy and every Part thereof shall within Twelve Months from the Time of Entry be duly Shipped for Parts beyond the Seas, and exported according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That upon the Delivery of the Cocquet and Bills as aforesaid, the proper Officers of the Customs shall forthwith examine the said Sugar and Candy within the Warclioufes wherein the fame is or are intended to befccured; and if the same shall be found to be duly entered and entitled to the Bounty claimed, a Debenture shall thereupon be issued, and the Proprietor or Proprietors shall be entitled to the like Bounty as may at the Time of the warthoufing such Sugar or Candy be due and payable upon the like Sort or Description of Sugar or Candy exported from Great Britain or Ireland respectively, and the fame shall be paid and allowed in like Manner in every respect, and subject to and under and according to the like Rules and Regulations, restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures as far as the same are applicable (except where any Alteration is made by this Act) as any Bounty upon such Sugar or Candy was heretofore paid or allowed upon Exportation by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, on and immediately before the passing of this Act.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Sugar or Candy so entered for the Bounty under the Regulations of this Act shall, on Examination in the Warehouse or Warehouses, by the proper. Officer or Officers of the Customs, be found to be less in Quantity than expressed in the Exporter's Indorsement as aforesaid, or if the same shall be entered under a wrong Denomination, or shall not have been refined according to Law, or if such Sugar or Candy shall not be duly and truly exported according to the Condition of the Bond, the same shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs.

XV. And be it further enacted, That previous to any such Sugar or Candy being flittered to be removed from the Warehousea, in order to be shipped for Exportation, according to the Condition of the Bond, a further Entry shall be made witk the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, and the Exporter or Exporters shall specify therein, that the Sugar or Candy has been warehoused under the Regulations of this Act, and the Bounty received thereon, and shall also enter into such Securities, and comply with all other Regulations required by Law, in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, upon the Exportation of Refined Sugar or Candy; and if such Sugar or Candy shall be found to agree with the Account taken at the First Examination, and if a Certificate of such Securities having been duly entered into shall be produced to the Warehouse Keeper, the Sugar or Candy may be shipped under the Care of the proper Officers, but if upon Examination by the Searchers, or other proper Officers, it shall appear that the Sugar or Candy is less in Quantity than when delivered into the Warehouse, and for which the Bounty has been paid, the Exporter or Exporters shall return the Amount of the Bounty upon the Quantity deficient, before the Goods shall be allowed to be shipped for Exportation.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That a correct and particular Account of all Sugar and Candy lodged and secured in Warehouses under the Provisions of this Act, shall be taken by the Warehouse Keeper, and the same shall be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, in such Manner as the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England^ Ireland, and Scotland respectively, shall think proper to direct.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That no Sugar or Candy exported from Warehouses in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, under the Provisions of this Act, shall afterwards be imported to that Part of the United Kingdom from whence the fame was so exported, nor shall be imported into or landed in any Part of the United Kingdom, for want of Sale, or on any other Account or Pretence whatever, on Forfeiture of such Sugar or "Candy, which may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Sugar and Candy deposited for Exportation in any Warehouse belonging to the West India Dock Company and the London Dock Company respectively, shall be deemed and taken to be under the joint Locks of the Commissioners of the Customs and the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Sugar and Candy.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all Sugar seized under any of the Provisions of this Act, and allPenalties and Forfeitures in this Act mentioned, may and fhalLbc proceeded against, sued for, prosecuted, condemned, distributed, recovered, and applied according to the Laws now in force, relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Customs in Great Britain and Ireland respectively.

A cl may be altered or repealed this Session. §20.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That so much of this Act as relates to the allowing of Bounty upon Double Refined Sugar shall continue in Force for and during the Term of Two Years from and after the passing of this Act; and so much thereof as relates to the allowing of Bounty upon Raw Sugar shall continue in force for One Year from and after the passing of this Act.

G.

A.D. 1807.

47° GEORGII III. 1. 0.23-25.

4*

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for repealing so much of Act, made in the Ninth Year of Her late Majesty Queen Arnes as vdls in The South Sea Company or Corporation, by the said Act erected, the foie and exchifive Privilege of carrying on Trade and Traific to and from any Part whatsoever of South America, or in the South Seas, which now are, or may at any Time hereafter be in the Possession of His Majesty,

His Heirs or Successors, [17 th March ihoy.J

WHEREAS by an Act, made and passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Anne* t* iu'.ituled, An Act for making good Deficiencies and satisfying the Publick Debts, and for ere fling a9 Anne, c.n. Cjt'ptralion to carry on a Trade to the South Seas, and for the Encouragement of the Fishery, and for Liberty to trcil: in unwreught Iron with the Subject of Spain, and to repeal the Acts for registering Seamen, it is enacted,

that the Corporation to be established by that Act, called The South Sea Company, and their Successors, shall be entitled unto and vested in the foie Trade and Traffic into, unto, and from all the Kingdoms, Lands,

Countries, Territories, Islands, Cities, Towns, Ports, Harbours, Creeks, and Places, of America, on the

Eart Sub thereof, from the River of Aranoco to the Southemmost Part of the Terra del Fuego, and on the Weil Side thereof, from the said Southemmost Part of the said Terra del Fuego, through the South Seas, to

the Northernmost Part of America, and jfito, unto, and from all Countries, Islands, and Places, within the said Limits, which were reputed to belong to the Crown of Spain, or which should thereafter be found out or discovered within the said Limits, according to the Description and subject to the Exceptions and Limitatiuns in the said Act mentioned: And whereas it is now become highly expedient, for the general Commerce oi all His Majesty's Subjects, and for the Encouragement and Security thereof, that the said Company should not be deemed and taken to be entitled to the said foie Trade and Traffic, whenever any of the Places within the Limit* before mentioned and described should be acquired by or come into the Possession or be under the Dominion or Protection of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors be it therefore declared and enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much So much ofrhe of the said Act as vefls or shall or may be deemed or taken to have vested in the said South Sea Company or incited Act as Corporation by the said herein before mentioned Act erected, the foie and exclusive Privilege of Trade and the

Traffic into, unto, and from all Cities, Towns, Fortresses, Islands, Havens, Creeks, Lands, Territories, and company* the Place* whatsoever, which now are or shall or may at any Time hereafter be belonging to or in the Possession or exclusive under the Dominion or Protection of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, on the said East Side of America, Trade wirhin from the River Aranoco to the Southemmost Part of the Terra del Fuego, and on the said West Side of America, certain Limitt*« from the said Southernmost Part of the Terra del Fuego, through the South Seas, to the Northernmost Part of America; and all Powers, Rights, and Privileges to the said South Sea Company or Corporation by the said 17 5ept/1806, Ad riven and created for carrying on such Trade and Traffick, and all Penalties and Forfeitures by the said a, to all Place* Ad declared and enacted for securing the fame, and for preventing His Majesty's Subjects from carrying on under the En$li(h Trade and Traffick contrary to tie rrovisions of the said Act, shall be and the fame is and are hereby declared ^oaain»oll# to be absolutely repealed, and shall be deemed and taken to have ceased and determined from and after the Seventeenth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and six, to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposet whatsoever.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for allowing, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eight, the Importation of certain Fish from Newfoundland and the Coast of Labrador, and for granting a Bounty thereon.

[17th Match 1807.]

46 G. 3. C. 103. to whtlh this Act is precisely similar, except in its Continuance.]

CAP. XXV.

An Act to allow Turkey Tobacco to be imported into Great Britain, in small Packages.

[17th March 1807.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled,

4. An Act for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof; and 19 G. 3. c. 6f.

also by mother Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of His said present Majesty0 Reign, intituled, An Act to 30 G. 3. c. 401 4 explain and amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties on Tobccto and Snuff, and for granting new Duties in Iteu thereof no Tobacco whatever is allowed to be imported or brought into Great Britain from Foreign Parts, otherwise than in Hogshead, Cask, Chest, or Case, each of which is to contain Four hundred and fifty Pounds Weight nett of Tobacco, not packed in Bags or'Packages within any such Hogshead, Cask, Chest, or Case, nor separated or divided within any such Hog.

4 (bead, Cask, Chest, 01 Case, iu any Manner whatever; And whereas Tobacco of the Growth and Pro- duftion of the Territories or Dominions of the Ottoman or Turkish Empire, is, from its Nature and Quality,

liable to much Deterioration in the Colour, and otherwise to receive Injury, if packed in Bulk in the Quantity directed by the said recited Acts be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament 47 Geo. III. G assembled.

42

Provisions cf rfi/ncd A<fl$» To i*r ns rhey »c1j!C I" Facfcogfi ot Turkdh To-K"cc« repealed. R gu'aiio'M as 10 Fnckag v and ft-ritre Iitukmi*-Im.u », f Turivilh T i^Mteo into Jiiii-.ih.

>bacco may be exported in the Rack.-g: s tn t which unpoited.

46 9. 3. c. 74. by which Prullun Yarn imported in Foicign Y'dTeJj, under

43 G. 3.C. 153/ was ftiI>jci5Ud to the Came Dutier as if imported in British Vctrds, extended so German Yarn adc of Flax.

Bonds for Duty on Gcr man Yarn Tie a ted.

C. 25, 26. 470 GEORGII III. Sess. i. A.D. 1807.

assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act the said Acts, so far as the fame extend to prevent the Importation of Tobacco of the Growth or Production of the Territories or Dominions of the Ottoman or TurVish Empire, packed in Bags or Packages within any Hogshead, Calk, Chest, or Case or to the separating or dividing of Tobacco within any such Hogshead, Cafjt, Cheffc, or Case, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That no such Tobacco shall be imported or brought into Great Britain from the said Territories, imlcfs the* outward Package thereof shall be an Hogshead, Cask, Chest, or Case, and the Quantity of Tobacco packed therein shall be of the Weight of Four hundred and fifty Pounds nett at the least; nor unless the Mailer or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel importing such Tobacco, shall have on board a Manifest or Manifeils, or Content or Contents in Writing, made out and signed by such Mailer or other Person on or before the clearing of such Ship or Vessel, at all, each, and every of the Pons and Places within the said Territories or Dominions where such Tobacco shall he laden on board, containing the Name or Names of the respective Ports or Places where the Tobacco shall have been laden on board, the Names of the Ship or Vessel, together with the Christian and Surname of the Mailer or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel and the Port or Place to which such Ship or Vessel belongs, and also the Tonnage of such Ship or Vessel, according to the Certificate of Regiilry thereof; and which Maui foil shall also contain a true Account of all tire Tobacco so laden on hoard such Ship or Vessel, with the Number of Hogsheads, Calks, Chcfls, and Cases respectively, and the Marks and Numbers set thereon, and the Number of Parcels, or Bundies of Tobacco contained in each and every such Hogshead, Calk, Cheil, or Case, and also the nett Weight of the Tobacco contained therein; and such Weight of the Tobacco, and also the Tare of the Package, shall be dillindly and legibly marked on every such Hogshead, Cask, Cheit, or Case; upon which said Manifest or Manifeils, or Content or Contents in Writing, there fnnll be indorsed the Oath of the Mailer or other Person haring or taking tire Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, tellifying the Truth thereof, and sworn to by such Mailer or other Person on or before the clearing of the Ship, before the British Co.tful, if there shall be any British Confulthen refljent at or near the Port or Place where such Tobacco shall be so laden on board, or before some Magistrate or other public Officer residing at or near such Port or Place, if there be Hot any British Consul resident time; which Manifest, and none other, shall be required for such Tobacco imported from the Dominions and Territories aforesaid 5 any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Tobacco imported under the Provisions of this Act may be exported in the like Quantities and P »: kages ia which the fame is allowed to be imported by virtue of this Act, under and subject nevertheless to the like Rules, Regulations, Reflridliens, Penalties, and Forfeitures to which any Tobacco, is now or hereafter may be subject and liable on Exportation.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for extending to German Yam the Provisions of an made in the last Session of the lad Parliament for permitting Prussian Yarn to be imported in Foreign Ships on Payment of the like Duties as if imported in British Ships.

[17th March 1807.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for permitting Prussian«W Tarn to be imported in Foreign Ships on Payment of the like Duties, as if imported in British Ships, it was

enabled, that all Prussian Yam imported into the United Kingdom linee the Fourth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and Jix, or which should be imported after the patting of that Act, in any Foreign Ship or Vessel

under and by virtue of an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to permit, during the Continuance of HoJYilitics, and unitI Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive

Treaty of Peace, the Importation into Great Britain and Ireland in neutral Vessels, from States in Amity with His Majesty, of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize; and to empower His Majesty, by Order in Council, to prohibit

the Exportation of Copper; and to permit the Importation, in neutral Vessels, from States not in Amity with His Majesty, of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, shall be subject and liable to the fame Duties of Customs,

and to the same Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, and none other, that such Yarn would be subject and ( liable to, if imported in a British Ship or Vessel owned and navigated according to Law; and it is expedient that the Provisions of the said Act should be extended to German Yarn made of Flax be it therefore declared and enacted, by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act and all the Provisions therein contained shall be extended and be construed to extend to German Yam made of Flax, in every respect, and as fully and amply as if the fame had been enumerated or described therein.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all Bonds to His Majesty from the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees of any German Yarn, for the Payment of the Difference between the High Duty on the said German Yarn, and the Low Duty chargeable thereon, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be vacated and discharged, and no further Duty shall be demanded Upon German Yarn, for which any such Bond may have been given to His Majesty.

A.D. 1807.

470 GEORGII III. Sess. i..C. 27.

43

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, until Twelve Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, certain additional Duties of Excise on Brandy in Great Britain.

[17th March 1807.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

1 VI/E» Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the Supplies to defray the Expences of 1 the just and necessary War in which Your Majesty is engaged, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give

and grant unto Your Majesty the several additional Rates and Duties of Excise herein respectively mentioned;

and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enactedp and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall be raised, levied, and collected and paid, to and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, upon the Merchandize and Commodities mentioned and described in the Schedule marked (A) hereunto annexed, the several Sums of Money and additional Duties of Excise as they are respectively inserted, described and set forth in the said Schedule, over and above all Duties that have been paid, or that shall have been or may be granted, laid, or imposed by any Act or Acts of Parliament thereon.

" Duties shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland §2. — Duties " shall be levied and recovered as former Duties of Excise. §3. — Additional Duties shall be payable on Foreign " Brandy, $cc. the Duties on which shall not have been paid before Feb. 19, 1807, or which shall then, or afterwards remain in Warehouse. §4.

V. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall impose or be construed to impose any Duty on Foreign Brandy, Spirits, Aqua Vitae, or Strong Waters on the Delivery thereof out of any Warehouse, Storehouse, Vault, Cellar or other Place, in which the same shall have been lodged or deposited for Exportation to Ireland; any Thing in this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

" Duty shall not extend to Brandy, &c. imported before March 1, 1807, and exported before July 5, 1807: nor u to Prize Brandy fold before 19 Feb. 1807. §6.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the said Duties (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted) shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the Publick Revenues; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Othcc of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer a Book or Books in which all the Monies arising from the said respective Duties, and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever; and the said Monies so paid into the said Receipt shall from Time to Time as the same shall be prid into the said Receipt, be issued and applied to such Services as shall then have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in this present Session of Parliament for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven, or shall be voted by the said Commons for the Service of any subsequent Year 5 and the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury now or for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, or the High Treasurerfor the Time being, are and is hereby authorized and empowered to issue and apply the fame accordingly.

4i Continuance of Act at ia Title. § S.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Addition*! Duiks specified in Schedule .indexed shall be paid.

Duty shall not ex'cnd to warchound Brand/ exported to JicLnd.

Duties shall be paid into the Exchequer, and applied to toe Services of the Current Ytwr.

For every Gallon of Single Brandy, Spirits, Aqua Vitre, or Strong Waters imported into Great Britain, other than Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vitae, of the Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and other than Irish Spirits imported dircdily from Ireland -

For every Gallon of Brandy, Spirits, Aqua Vitae, or Strong Waters above Proof, imported into Great Britain, other than Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vitae, of the Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and other than Irish Spirits imported directly from Ireland.

For every Gallon of Brandy, Rum, Spirits, Aqua Vitx, or Strong Waters, of whatever Degree of Strength the fame may be, whether regularly imported or brought in as Prize, which shall be delivered for Exportation to any Port or Place, not being in Europe, from any Warehouse, Store-house, Vault, Cellar or other Place under the Locks of the Officers of Customs or Excise, or eitherof them, save and except Rum of the Produce of the British Colonic! or Plantations ir America regularly imported as Merchandize.

Duty.

c£ /. d.

0*6

026

010

44* C. 28 — 31- 47 GEORGII III. Sess. i, A.D. 1807.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for raising the Sum of Fourteen Millions Two hundred thousand Pounds by way of Annuities.

[17th March 1807 ]

m Every Contributor of iool. shall be entitled to a Principal of 70l. in the 3 per Cent. Consols, from t€ 5th January; 7CI. in the 3 per Cent. Reduced from 5th April \ and iol. 12s in the 5 per Cents, from* |th January 1807. §1.^ — Duties granted by 46 G. 3. c. 65. fl13.ll not be charged on the fird Half Year's* Dividends. §8. — Treasury may remit to Ireland 2, 000, 000, §20. to be provided for in Ireland, §12. — " Forging Receipts for Contributions, Felony without Clergy, j 26. — Bank of England shall continue 31 u Corporation till the Annuities hereby granted shall cease. §27*

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for further continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, certain Bounties and Drawbacks on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain; and for suspending the Countervailing Duties and Bounties on Sugar when the Duties impeded by an Act of the last Session of Parliament shall be suspended.

[23d March 1807.]

u Recital of 43 G. 3. r. n.$ 45 G. 3. c. 93.; &46G. 3. c. 10. — Drawbacks and Bounties in Schedule of u Act 45 G. 3. c. 93. shall be paid, §1 — If on $th May, 5th September 1807, and 5th January US08, the of Average Prices of Brown or Muscovado Sugar shall not have e-receded for the preceding Quarter 70s. per €C Cwt. the i.rawback or Bounty in the Schedule to 49 G. 3. c. 93. corresponding with the Price, shall be U paid, &c. §2.

Whenever under 46 G. 3. c. 42.

§ 10. the Treasury lh»ll suspend any Part of the Duties on Raw Sugar, granted by that Act; they shall also fu spend a like Proportion of the Countervailing Duties on Irith Refined Sugar imported, and of the Drawbacks and Bounties on British Refined Sugar exported.

III. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, 1 Bn AS for granting to His Majesty during the present War, and fot Six Months after the Expiration thereof', by the 1 Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on certain Goods, Wares, and Mereban di % e,

imported into, and exported from, or brought or carrier CoaJl*wife within Great Britain, the Lord High Treasurer,

or the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, are authorized to suspend the Payment of the additional Duties of Cuiloms on Sugar, granted by the said recited Act, either in

the W hole, or in Part, whenever the Average Price of Sugar ascertained as directed by Law, shall be below ( the Prices mentioned in the said Act: And whereas it is expedient, that during the Period of such Suspenhon,

the Countervailing Duties on refined Sugar imported from Ireland into Great Britain, and the Equivalent

Drawback or Bounty on the Exportation to I< eland, of refined Sugar of the Manufacture of Great Britain;

and also the additional Bounty on the Exportation of refined Sugar from Great Britain, other than to Ireland, imposed and allowed by the said last recited Act, should in like Manner be suspended Be it therefore further enacted, That whenever the Lord High Treasurer, or the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, shallexercise the Power vested in them and shall according to the Directions of the said Act, suspend the Payment of the Whole, or Part of the Duties on Sugar thereby imposed; it shall be lawful for them, and they are hereby authorized and required in like Manner, and for the like Period to suspend either the Whole of the additional Countervailing Duties of Customs on refined Sugar of the Manufacture of Ireland imported from thence into Great Britain, and of the additional Drawback or Bounty, on the Exportation to Ireland, of refined Sugar of the Manufacture of Great Britain, and of the additional Bounty on the Exportation of refined Sugar from Great Britain, other than to Ireland, imposed and allowed by the said latt recited Act; or such Part thereof respectively, as shall bear a just Proportion to the Amount of Duty so suspended.

Recited Act of 43 G. 3. c. 11. continued to 15 — 25 March i8c8. §4.

46 G. 3. c. IO. and References there. — As to Ireland, See 47 G. 3. c. 19.

CAP. XXX.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, c.roi*J an Act of the Forty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, for permitting the Exportation of Salt from the Port of Nassau in the island of Am> Providence, the Port of Exuma and the Port of Crooked Ifiandin the Bahama Islands, in Ships belonging to the Inhabitants of the United States of America, and coming in Ballast.

[23d March 1807.]

CAP. XXXI.

An Act to repeal Part of the Duty on the Importation of unmanufactured Tobacco into Ireland.

[23d March 1807.]

WHEREAS in consequence of the intended Increase of the Duty of Excise on Tobacco manufactuicd

c. 18. SehetLA. 9* 1° Ireland, it is expedient to repeal Part of the Duty on the Importation of unmanufactured Tobacco

TUaee % .\ 4 into Ireland be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Tr*, m Authority of the same, That from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and

*Duty and'*seven, the Sum of Two-pence for every Pound Weight, Part of the Duty of Eight-pence for every Pound Drawback on' Weight of Tobacco imported into Ireland, or in His Majesty's Stores or Warehouses in Ireland, shall ccafc and Tobacco detcrmii.e and be no longer paid or payable; and that, from and after the said Twenty-fifth Day of Mir h

g One

A.D. 1807. 47a£'TORGII III. SefT, r. C. 3T, 32. 45

One thousand eight hundred and (even, the Sum of Two-pence for every Pound Weight, Part of the drawback imported and cf £i; ht-j.( iice for every Pound Weight of unmanufactured Tobacco exported from Ireland, shall in like e*ported dull Ma.UrtT and determine; any Thing in any Ad or' Ada in force in Ireland to the contrary in any wise ceaJe# BOiwitliPjiiding.'

II. Provid-.d always, and be it enacted, That all unmanufactured Tobacco which, on the said Twenty-fifth Unm*nufa<flured Pi\v cf March O e thousand eight hundred and seven, or at any Time after, shall be in the Hands of any Tobacco having.M.U'U.hctun-r of Tobacco in the original Package in which the same shall have been received by such Manu- pud the Import fadurr, and on which the said Duty of Eight-pence for every Pound Weight on the Importation thereof shall ^ury ef gd.shall haw been duly paid and satisffied, shall be charged and chargeable only with the Excise Duty of Nine-pence for w a^Excii!* evry Pound Weight thereof, according to the Duty due and payable thereon by any Act or Acts in force Ducy«f gd. imrntdritely before the said Twenty-fifth Day of March; any Thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary thereof cctwithdauding.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

[23d March 1807.]

WHEREAS the raising or keeping a (landing Army within the T7nited Kingdom of Great Britain and.

1 If Ireland in Time of Peace, unless it be with the Consent of Parliament, is against Law: And whereat

it is judged necessary by His Majesty, and this present Parliament, that a Body of Forces should be continued

for the Safety of the United Kingdom, the Defence of the Possessions of His Majesty's Crown, and the

Preservation of the Balance of Power in Europe; and that the whole Number of such Forces should consist of Vunuber of One hundred and thirteen thousand seven hundred and ninery-five effective Men: And whereas during the late Force# 113, 795*

1 Warm which His Majesty has been engaged, some Part oi His Majesty's Forces exceeding the Number aforesaid, has been employed in distant Parts beyond the Seas, which mull render the Time when such Forces may return Home uncertain, some of which are intended to be broken, and others reduced as soon after such

Arrival as conveniently may be x And whereas no Man can be forejudged of Life or Limb, or subjected in Time of Peace to any Kind of Punishment within this Realm, by Martial Law, or in any other Manner than by the Judgement of his 1'eers, and according to the known and efta' lished Laws of this Realm; yet nevertheless it being rtquisite, for the retaining all the before mentioned Forces in their Duty, that an exact Discipline be observed, and that Soldiers who shall mutiny or llir up Sedition, or shall desert His Majesty's Service, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy Punishment than the ufnal Forms of the Law will allow; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present P.eliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. Every Officer or That if any Person who is or shall be commissioned or in Pay as an Officer, or who is or shall e .illed or in ay Hrivatr Man, is a Non commissioned Officer or Soldier, shall, at any Tune during the Continuance of this Act, begin, excite, during the Con-cause, orjoiuin any Mutiny or Sedition in any Regiment, Troop or Company, either of His Majesty's Land or

Manne Ft reel, or shall not use his utmost Endeavours to suppress the fame, or coming to the Knowledge of any n^u, 5, y>or

Mutiny, cr intended Mutiny, shall not without Delay, give Information thereof to hU Commanding Officer; aoandon any

or shall misbehave himself before the Enemy; or shall shametully abandon or deliver up any Garrison, Fortress, or

Pod or Guard committed to his Charge, or which he shall be commanded to defend; or shall compel the »*duce other* so

Governor or Commanding Officer of any Garrison, Fortress, or Poll, to deliver up to the Enemy, or to abandon v>ur

the lame; or shall speak Words, or use any other Means to induce such Governor or Commanding Officer, or

othert, to misbehave before the Enemy, or shamefully to abandon or deliver up any Garrison, Fortress, Poll, or 01 correspond

Guard committed to their respective Charge, or which he or they shall be commanded to defend; or shall leave with Enemie* or

his Poll before relieved; or shall be found sleeping on his Poll; or fir.11 hold Correspondence with, or give

Advice or Intelligence to any Rebel or Enemy of His Majesty, either by Letters, Melfages, Signs, or Tokens Ucfert

in any Manner or Way whatsoever; or shall treat or enter into any Terms with such Rebel or Enemy, without &c< (hill luder

His Majesty's Licence, or Licence of the General, or Chief Commander; or shall strike or use any Violence Dcatii, &c.

against his iuperior Officer, being in the Execution of his Office, ov shall disobey any lawful Command of his

fopenor Officer; or shall desert His Majesty's Service; all and every Person and Persons so offending in any of the Matters before mentioned, whether such Offence shall be committed within this Realm, or in any other of

His Majesty $ dominions, or in Foreign Parts, upon Land, or upon the Sea, shall suffer Death; or such other

Pir-iHiment as by a Court-martial shall be awarded.

II. Provided, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That any Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier, inlisted Soldiers enlistinj oriaPay in any Regiment, Troop, or Company, who shall, without having first obtained a regular Discharge in any other

thrrtrom, inlill himself in any other Regiment, Troop, or Company, shall be deemed to have deserted His Regiment, &c.

MajellvN Service, and shall in like Manner suffer Death, or such other Punishment as by a Coui t-martial shall de«n»cdDclerlc, i* be awarded.

III. And Whereas Doubts have arisen whether Soldiers, who of Right belong to another Corps in which r> fetters who they iirfl inlisted, and from which they have not obtained a Discharge, may be proceeded again (I and tried foK (hah enlirt in

deferring any Corps in which they may afterwards have ini: !b 1, or for any Crime committed by them whilst inorher Rrgi-1 (erring therein; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person who is or shall be lilted orinPay, n^»c;

as a Soldier, in any Regiment, Troop, or Company, in His Majestys Service, shall desert the fame, or shall, c^lirr-m ^lia/iik whik ferring therem, commit any Offence against this Act, or against the Rub s or Articles of War, such u»ch Regimes*,

pPrfon shall be liable to be tried by a Court martial, and punished in like Manner as if he had originally &c.

ioliftsdin, and of Right belonged to the fame, notwithstanding it shall have been discovered or known that he - had

C. 32.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. r. A.D 1807.

T>e(crt*r msy be

tiansported;

and afterwaid* oidered to fcive for Li(ct &c.

returning from T rasporration shall suffer Death*

Ht* Majesty, -where Courts-martial award a Capital Puniffi-inent. may erder Offender* to be transported.

A Mark shall be affixed an the Body of .Deferrer* for a Second Qfience#

Sentence of Transporralion* iec. shall he notified by the Coniiitandtr in.Chief or Adjutant Genetal to any of the Judges of King* Bench, &c. who fhai) make an r Order for Transportation in Mander diietfkd by Z+G. 3. c. 56.

Such Notification, &c. shall be filed by the 4Chik of the Crown;

had previously belonged to some other Regiment, Troop, or Company, and bad not been discharged therefrom: Provided always, that if such Person shall he claimed by such other Regiment, Troop, or Company, and be proceeded against as a Peferter therefrom, his subsequent Desertion from any One or more Corps in which he may have unwarrantably inliiled, may (unless he shall already have been tried for the fame) be given in Evidence as an Aggravation of his Crime; previous Notice being always given to such Deserter of the Fact or Facts intended to be produced in Evidence upon his Trial.

IV. And be it further enacted and declared, That in the Case of any Non commissioned Officer or Soldier tried and convicted of Desertion, whensoever the Court-martial, which shall pass Sentence upon such Trial, shall not think the Offence deserving of capital Punishment, such Court-martial may, instead of awarding a corporal , Putiishment, adjudge the Offender, according to the Nature of the Offence, if they shall think fit, to be transported as a Felon for Life, or for a certain Term of Years; and also, if such Court shall think fit, to be, at the Expiration of such Term of Years at the Disposal of His Majesty for Service as a Soldier in any of His Majesty's Forces at Home or Abroad, for Life or otherwise, as His Majesty shall think fit, and, as such Soldier, to be subject to any Law or Articles of War for the Punishment 01 Mutiny and Desertion: And if such Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier, having been adjudged to be transported as a Felon, shall afterwards (without Leave from His Majesty, or from the Governor or Commanding Officer of the Place to which he mall have been transported) return into or be found at large without Leav^ as aforesaid, or other lawful Cause, within any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, before the Expiration of the Term limited by such Sentence, and shall be convicted thereof in the ordinary Course of Law, every such Person shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy.

V. Provided, and be it enacted, That in all Cases wherein a capital Punishment shall have been awarded by a Court-martial, it shall be lawful for His Majesty, instead of causing such Sentence to be carried into Execution, to order the Offender to be transported as a Felon for Life, or for a certain Term of Years, as to His Majesty shall seem meet; and if the Person so transported, in pursuance of such Order from His Majesty, shall afterwards (without Leave from His Majesty, or from the Governor or Commanding Officer of the Place to which he shall have been transported) return into or be found at large without Leave as aforesaid, or other lawful Cause, within any Part of Great Britain or Ireland, before the Expiration of the Term limited by such Order, and shall be duly convicted thereof, he shall suffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Court martial, before wh: ch any Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier, who shall have been tried for Desertion, and convicted thereof, shall be again tried and convicted of Desertion, to direct, if it shall so think fit, in addition to any other Punishment such Court may award for any such subsequent Desertion, that such Deserter be marked on the left Side, two Inches below the Arm-pit, with the Letter (D.) such Letter not to be less than Half an Inch long, and to be marked upon the Skin with some Ink or Gunpowder, or other Preparation, so as to be visible and conspicuous, and not liable to be obliterated.

VII. And be it further enacted, That whenever His Majesty shall intend any Sentence of a Court-martial of Transportation to be carried into Execution, or shall be graciously pleased to extend His Mercy, upon Condition 01 Transportation, to any Offender liable to the Punishment of Death by the Sentence of a Court-martial, such Sentence, together with His Majesty's Pleasure upon the fame, shall be notified in Writing by the Commander in Chief for the Time being of His Majesty's Forces in Great Britain, or in the Absence of the Commander in Chief, then by the Adjutant General for the Time being, to any Justice of the King's Bench, Common Pleas, or Baron of the Exchequer of the Degree of the Coif, and thereupon such Justice or Baron shall make an Order for the Transportation of such Offender, upon the Terms and for the Time which shall be specified in such Notification, and shall also make such other Order or Orders, and do all such other Acts consequent upon the fame, as any such Justice or Baron is authorized to make or do by an Act passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the effectual Transportation of Felons and other Offenders, and to authorize the Removal of Prisoners in certain Cases, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, with respect to Offenders in such Act mentioned, tried at any Court ot Oyer and Teiminer or Gaol Delivery in England, as in the said Act mentioned; and such Order and Orders so to be made as aforesaid, and all such Acts as shall be so done as aforesaid, shall be obeyed and done by such Person in whose Custody such Offender shall at that Time be, and all other Persons whom it may concern, and shall be aseffectual and have all the fame Consequences as any Order made under the Authority of the said Act with respect to any Offender in rive said Act mentioned; and every SheitfF, Gaoler, Keeper, Governor, or Superintendant whom it may concern, and all Constables and other Persons, shall be bound to obey the aforesaid Older and Orders, be assistant in the Execution thereof, and be liable to the fame Punishment for Disobedience or interrupting the Execution of the fame, as they would be if the fame had been made under the Authority of the aforesaid Act; and every Person so ordered to be transported as aforesaid, shall be subject respectively to all and every the Provision and Provisions made by Law, and now in force concerning Persons convicted of any Crime and sentenced to be transported, or receiving His Majesty's Pardon on Condition of Transportation.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Justice or Baron who shall make any such Order as aforesaid, under any fiuch Notification of His Majesty's Pleasure as aforesaid, shall direct the said Notification, and hit own Order made thereupon, to be filed in the Office of the Clerk of the Crown of His Majesty's Court of King's Bench, and to be there kept of Record 5 and the said Clerk of the Crown shall receive a Fee of Two Shillings ami .Sixpence, and no more, for filing the lame*

3'/IX. And

A.D. 1807. 47° GEORGII III. Sect'.r.

C. 3 2.

47.

IX. And be it further cr.acted, That thpsaid Clerk of he Crown of HioMa'cff v'a Coivrt of Kind's Bench Clrrk of the full, upon the Application of any such Offender who shall he ordered by Isis Majesty to Le transported ns Crown orr afor.»f; ud, or of any other Person applying on his Behalf, or on the Application of any Person on Behalf of His jc^ver a'certi-Msjdfy, deliver a Certificate in Writing under His Hand, (m-t taking for the fume more than Two Shillings and tv\»te of the Sixpence), containing an Account of the Christian Name and Surname of such Offender, of his Offence, of the Coiiviitij.1, &c. Place when* the Court was held, before whom he was convicted, and of the Terms and Conditions on which His

M?]dlyfs Order for such Offender's Tianfpoi tation was given; which Certificate shall be sufficient Proof of the Convi<ff ion and Sentence of such Offender, and also of the Terms on which such Order for his Transportation was given, in any Court, and in any Proceeding wherein it may he necessary to inquire into the same.

X. And be it further enatfiej, That if any Offender under Sentence of Death by a Court-martial as aforesaid, Efrape of

(tall obtain His Majesty's conditional Pardon as aforesaid, all and every the Laws now in force, touching the Offenders under-

Escape of Felons under Sentence of Death, shall apply to such Offender, and to all Persons aiding, abetting, or

affilting in any Escape, or intended Escape of any such Offender, or contriving any such Escape, from the Time Court-martial.

when Inch Order shall be made by such Justice or Baron, as aforesaid, and during all the several Proceedings

which shall be had for the Purposes aforesaid.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That His Majesty may, from Time to Time, The Kingrmy grant a Commission, under the Royal Sign Manual, for the holding of General Courts-martial within the United 8ranr Comm if-Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in like Manner a9 has been heretofore used; and that His Majesty may c, u^ru rmrua\*likewise, from Time to Time, by His Royal Commission, empower the Chief Governor or Governors of that j, n(j ro empower

empower

Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland> the Governor of Gibr altar*and the Ciiief Governor Governor of any of His Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas respectively, or the Person or Persons there of Ireland and commanding in Chief His Majesty's Forces for the Time being, and may also from Time to Tfme extend His over-

Royal Warrant to the Commander of the Forces in that Part of the said United Kingdom called Ireland, and' Generals to to any General or other Officer having the Command of a Body of His Majesty's Forces within the United appoint such. Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or in any of His Majesty's Dominions or elsewhere beyond the Sea3, or Court*, to the General or other Officer commanding such Body of Forces for the Time being, empowering them j*»rpedively to appoint General Courts-martial, as well as to authorize any Officer under their respective Command, not below the Degree of a Field Officer, to convene General Courts martial, as Occasion may require, for the Trial of Offences committed by any of the Forces under their several Command, whether the same shall have been so committed previous to or after such General Officer have taken upon himself such Command; all which Courts-martial shall be constituted, and shall regulate- their Proceedings according to the several Provisions herein after specified.

XII. Provided always, and be it hereby declared and enabled. That no Officer or Soldier, being acquitted or No Second Trial ronviried of any Offence, shall be liable to be tried a Second Time by the fame or any other Court-martial for except in Cjfcs. the fame Offence, unless in the Case of an Appeal from a Regimental to a General Court-martial; and that no Appeal. Sentence given by any Court-martial, and signed by the President thereof, shall be liable to be revised more than Once. SoTdier, "rom

XIII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to exempt any pr00cCdings at

Officer ot Soldier whatsoever from being proceeded against by the ordinary Course of Law. Law.

XIV. Provided also, That if any Officer, Non-commission Officer, or Soldier, shall be accused of any persons actufed Capital Crime, or of mv Violence or Offence against the Person, Estate, or Property of any of His Majesty's of CapU.il

S ihjeris which is punishable by the known I aws of the Land; the Commanding Officer or Officers of every Crimes, kc. Regiment. Troop, Company, or Party, is and are hereby required to use his utmost Endeavours to deliver over Hen accused Person to the Civil Magi (Irate; and shall also be aiding and afliiling to the Officers of Justice in t'vmr, n' r the seizing and apprehending such Offender, in order to bring him to Trial: And if any such Commanding Officer shall wilfully neglect or refuse, upoji Application made to him for that Purpose, to deliver over any such accused Person to the Civil Magistrate, or to be aiding or assisting to the Officers of Justice in apprehending such Offenders; every such Officer so offending, and being thereof convicted, upon any Information or Indi&-mentin any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or in any of His Majesty's Courts in Scotland or in DubFin, shall be deemed and taken to be ipso fa3o cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or in His Kapfly's Service, and a Certificate thereof shall be transmitted to the Judge Advocate in London, if such Conv'Aion shall be in Great Britain, or to the Judge Advocate in Dublin if such Conviction shall be in Ireland.

XV. Provided also, That no Person or Persons being acquitted or convicted of any capital Crimes, Violences, Military Punish* or Offences, by the Civil Maeistrate, shall be liable to be punished by a Court-martial for the fame, otherwise mc, u P^f^m

L___rtLi____ tned by the Civil

M.igirtrate. Soldier cunvi.fl-ed shall fuifcit his Pjy nil hi* Ruuin.

over to the Civil M.igiftr.uc, &c.

Number and

than by cashiering.

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Officer or Soldier having been convicted in the ordinary Course of Law, of any criminal Offence, shall. while under Confinement in consequence thereof, be entitled to any Part of his Pay from the Day on which such Conviction shall have taken place, nor until the Day of his Return tothf Regiment, Troop, or Company, to which he shall belong.

XVII. And it is hereby further enabled and declared, That all General Courts-martial held under the Authority of this Act, shall consist of Thirteen or Nine Commission Officers, as the Case may require 5 Rank (.f Officer* except the same shall be holden in <Africa> or in New South Wales, in which Places such General Courts- on General martial may consist of any Number not less than Five; of whom none shall be under the Degree of a Cuuits-ma»tia!. Commission Officer; nor shall the President of any General Court-martial be the Commander in Chief, nor

Governor of the Garrison, where the Offender shall be tried, nor under the Degree of a Field Officer, unless wLer^ a 1 field Officer cannot be had: nor in any Case whatsoever under the Degree of a Captain.

48

General Courts-Huitial may (en-tenre DefcUors to lerve far L'fe, and Forfeiture of Incrcnfc of Pay, or Pension, &c.

Number of

Courts-martial on Sentences of Death, &c. Corporal Panith-mtnr lor Immoral tics, Uc.

Courts-martial may (wear Witnesses.

Oaths of Members of General Courts-martial.

Oath of Judge-juivueatc

In Sentence* of

Death, what Number«f Ofliceis thall concur, he.

Hours of Trial. Witnesses attendingCourti-martial pr vileg. cd from Anc&.

Witnesses not attending liable to be attached.

Proceedings in Tiials by Courts-martial oO er than General Courts* martial*

0.3a. 47° GEORGII III. Self. I. A.D. 1807.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it fii'dl be lawful for any General Court-martial to sentence any Non commi ffio tied Officer or Soldier convicted of Desertion by such Court, to Service for L; fe as a Soldier, or for any Term of Years, and in such Country, or Place or Places Abroad, or otherwise, and in such Regiment or Regiments, or Corps, as His Majesty shall please to direct, beyond the Period for which such Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier shall have entitled, and to a Forfeiture of all or a; y Part of the Benefit or Advantage aa to Increase of Pay, or as to Pension or Discharge, which might otherwise have accrued to such Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier from the Length or Nature of his Service.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further emitted, That no General Court-martial, confiding of any less Number than Thirteen Commi (honed Officers, unless holden in Africa or New South Wales, shall sentence any Non-commissionted Officer or Soldier to Loss of Life or Limb, or Transportation.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any such General Courts-martial, by their Sentence or Judgement, to infiiit Corporal Punishment, not extending to Life or Limb, on any Soldier, for Immoralities, Misbehaviour, or Neglect oT Duty,

XXI. And be it further er.acted, That all General and other Courts*martial shall have Power and Authority, and are hereby required to adrniniller an Oath to every Witness, in order to the Examination or Trial of any of the Offences that shall come before them.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Trials by General Courts-martial, to be held by virtue of this Act, every Member affitlingat such Trial, before any Proceedings be had thereupon, shall take the following Oaths upon the Holy Evangelists, before the Judge Advocate, or his Deputy, (who are hereby authorized to administer the same); that is to say 5

trOU shall well and truly try and determine, according to your Evidence, in the Matter now before

JL you. So help you GOD/

4 T As B. do swear, That I will duly administer Justice, according to the Rules and Articles for the better Government of His Majesty's Forces, and according to an Act of Parliament now in force for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, and other Crimes therein mentioned, without Partiality, Favour, or f Affection; and if any Doubt shall arise, which is not explained by the said Articles or Act of Parliament, ' according to my Confidence, the bed of my Understanding, and the Custom of War in the like Cases: And I 4 further swear. That will not divulge the Sentence of the Court until it shall be approved by His Majesty, or c by some Person duly authorized by him; neither will I, upon any Account, at any Time whatsoever, disclose

or discover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court-martial, unless required to give

Evidence thereof as a Witness, by a Court of Justice, or a Court-martial, in a due Course of Law.

So help me GOD.

And so soon as the said Oaths shall have been adminiflened to the nespective Members, the President of the Court is hereby authorized and required to administer to the Judge Advocate, or the Person officiating as such, an Oath in the following Words:

I A.B. do swear, That I will not upon any Account, at any Time whatsoever, disclose or discover ' !> the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court-martial, unless required to give Evidence

thereof, as a Witness, by a Court of Justice or a Court martial, in a due Course of Law.

'So help me GOD.'

And no Sentence of Death shall be given against any Offender in such Case by any General Court martial, unless Nine Officers present shall concur therein 5 (except such General Court-martial shall be holden in Africa, or in New South Wales 5) and in all Cases where a Court-martial shall consist of more Officers than Thirteen, and also in Africa, and in New South Wales, when the same shall consist of a lesser Number of Officers, then the Judgement shall pass by the Concurrence of Two Thirds at the lead of the Officers present; and no Proceeding or Trial shall be had upon any Offence, but between the Hours of Eight of the Clock in the Morning and Three in the Afternoon, except in Cases which require an immediate Example: Provided also, 'that all Witnesses duly summoned by the Judge Advocate, or the Person officiating as such, shall, during their necessary Attendance in such Courts, and in going to, and returning from the same, be privileged from Arrest in like Manner as Witnesses attending any of His Majesty's Courts of Law arc privileged; and that if any such Witness shall be unduly Arrested, he shall be discharged from such Arrest by the Court out of which the Writ or Process issued by which such Witness was arrested, or if the Court out of which the Writ or Process issued be not fitting, then by any Judge of the Court of King's Bench, in London or in Dublin, or Court of Sessions in Scotland, or Courts of Law in the West Indies, according as the Case shall require, upon its being made appear to such Court or Judge by Affidavit in a summary Way, that such Witness was arrested in going to or returning from, or attending upon such Court-martial 5 and that all Witnesses so duly summoned as aforesaid, who shall not attend on such Courts, shall be liable to be attached in the Court of King's Bench, in London or Dublin, or Court of Sessions in Scotland, or Courts of Law in the Wesi Indiet, respectively, upon Complaint made to the said Court of King's Bench, or Court of Sessions in Scotland, or Courts of Law in the West Indies, in like Manrer as if such Witness had neglected to attend on a Trial in any criminal Proceeding in that Court.

XXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in all Trials by any Courts-martial, other than General Courts-martial, which shall be held by virtue of this Act, or of any Articles of War established by His Majesty in pursuance thereof, every Member aflifling at such Trial, before any Proceedings be had thereupon, shall take the following Oaths upon the Holy Evangclifls. (which Oaths shall and may be administered by the President of the Court to the other Members thereof, and to the Prehdent by any Member, having first taken the said Oaths): that is to say:

you

C. 33.

49

Oath* of the Members of fticj* Court i-imiu»V

upon Couiti-martial.

XfOU (hill well and truly try and determine, according to your Evidence in the Matter now before

4*you: So help you GOD.'

4 T d. B* do swear, That I will duly administer Justice, according to the Rules and Articles for the better 4 1 Government of His Majesty's Forces, and according to an Act of Parliament now in force, for the

Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, and other Crimes therein mentioned, without Partiality, Favour, or Affection; and if any Doubt shall arise, which is not explained by the said Articles, or Act of Parliament,

according to my Conscience, the bed of my Understanding, and the Custom of War in the like Cases.

4 Sc help me GOD.*

And the President of every such Court-martial (not being under the Rank of a Captain) shall be appointed by Appoi»tm«ni of the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Detachment, or Brigade, or the Governor or Commander of the Prctidont. Garrison, Fort, Castle, or Barrack, directing such Court-martial.

XXIV. 4 And Whereas it may be expedient in certain Cases, and particularly in such Matters wherein any Officer* of the of His Majesty* Marine Forces may be interested, that Officers of the Marines should be associated with Officers Land and Marine of the Land Forces, for the Purpose of holding Courts-martial be it enacted and declared, That when and ForcfS m*>' r, l, I» a> often as it may be necessary, it shall and rr.ay be lawful for Officers of the Land and Marine Forces to fit in Co, 'Juna, or> Conjunftlon upon Cnurts-martial, and to proceed in the Trial of any Officer or Soldier of the Land Forces in like Manner, to all Intents and Purposes as if such Courts-martial were composed of Officers of the Land Forces only; and the Officers of the Land and Marine Forces are in such Cases to take Rank according to the Seniority f their Commissions in either Service.

XXV. 4 And Whereas it may also be expedient, when any of His Majesty's Land Force* are em-'Officer* the ployed in the East Indies, that Officers in the Service of the United Company of Merchants of England King'* Forces.

trading to the East Indies should, in certain Cases, be associated with Officers of His Majesty's Land Officers ft*

Forces, for the Purpose of holding Courts-martial be it enacted and declared, That when and as often as there may be Occasion, it shall and may be lawful for Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces, and of the Forces in the Service of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, to lit in Conjunction at Courts-martial, and to proceed in the Trial of any Officer or Soldier, in like Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Courts-martial were composed of Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces, or of nw*tial,

Officers in the Service of the said United Company only; with this Diitm&ion, that, upon the Trial of any Officer or Soldier of His Majesty's Land Forces, Regard shall be had to the Regulations and Provisions mr.de by or in pursuance of this Act; and the Oaths administered to the several Members of the Court-martial shall be in the Terms by this Act prescribed; and upon the Trial of any Officer or Soldier in the Sendee of the said United Company, Regard shall be had to the Regulations and Provisions made by or in pursuance of an Act passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, sIn Act for 27 G. z. e. % pun fug Mutiny and Desertion of Officers and Soldiers in the Service of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies; and fer the Punishment of Offences committed in the La If Indies, or at the IJlarJof Saint Helena; and the Oaths administered to the several Members of the Court-martial shall be in the Terms prescribed by the same Acth

the E./I Iortu Coir, j) uiy'j Service, m .y (*t in Cjojjii'-liun at Couri*-

XXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Party tried by any General Court martial within Party tried E'^nt'c (c cept in the Garrison of Gibraltar), shall be entitled to a Copy of the Sentence and Proceedings of cnT, t, eti (a<

1 — .'... .*'.__ _^. 1...r- rrrr_iin iVn

ster

hah Court-martial, upon Demand thereof made by himself, or by any other Person or Persons on his Behalf

(be or they paying reasonably for the fame), at any Time not sooner than Three Months after such Sentence; Senrc.^/and

indin case of Trials by any General Courts-martial at Gibraltar, at any Time not sooner than Six Months after Proceedings of the Sentence given by such Court-martial; and in the case of Trials by any General Court-martial in His Cuurt*-nu»iiaL

Majesty's other Dominions beyond the Seas, or in Foreign Parts, at any Time not sooner than Twelve Months

at: r the Sentence given by such Court-martial, whether such Sentences be approved or not; any Thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstandinc.

XXVII. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Judge Advocate, or Person Original Pro-off; anting as such at any General Court-martial, do, and he is hereby required to transmit, with as much ttv<imgs, &c. of Kxprdition as the Opportunity of Time and Distance of Place can admit, the Original Proceedings and Sentence

0* rich Court -martial to the Judge Advocate General in London; unless such Court-rrmrtial shall have been m.rud to Judge ipphted in Island, in which Case they shall be transmitted to the Judge Advocate General for that Part of Advocate J t ie United Kingdom, in Dublin 5 and the said Original Proceedings and Sentences are to be carefully kept and Gcnnal, in pderwd in their respective Offices, to the End that the Persons entitled thereto may be enabled, upon Appli- or

- to obtain Copies thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of UJ ln*

also, and be it further enacted and declared, That none of the Proceedings of Proceeding, try General or Regimental Court-martial, nor any Entry or Copy thereof, shall be charged or chargeable 01 , <*1

l-: ti r'.r Stamp Duty whatsoever; any Thing contained in any former Aci or Acts to the contrary i: an'

notvffi: Ending.

XXIX. And be it further cradled by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and Mi* Majesty fur His Majesty to form, make, and establish Articles of War, for the better Government of His Majesty's n^kc^Arric

; which Articles shall be judicially taken Notice of by all Jadges, and in all Courts whatsoever. of \var.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for bringing Offenders ngninft such an(||OConfiiturc Articl <of War to Justic, it shall be lawful for his Majesty to erect and constitute Courts-martial, as well as tond to authorize grant f.is Royal Commissions or Warrants to the Persons and in the Manner herein-before mentioned and others u, r pm: Tcd for convening and authorizing others to convene Courts-martial; with Power to try, hear, and c"HVtJ e, Courts* determine, any Crimes or Offences by such Articles of War, and to inflict Penalties by Sentence or Judgement 4; Gco.lIL H .of

ration to such Offices respectively,

thi» Art.

xxvnr. provided

ary

atnj*

5°

None ro be adjudged of L'fe r Li«Tib but fur Ciimcs «ipreff* d to be so punishable by this Act. Offenders beyond Sea, he. may be tried in the Realm.

Muster* shall be made Twice a Year,

No mutter in Well rnmller, ice, but in the Presence of Two Justices, unbfs they neglect to atund, he.

Penalty on giving falf« Ccriific.no tocxcuft Soldiers from Mutter*. 50l. he.

Officer* miking tulfc Mult or s, he. lh )J be

ca, hicicci,

or mnliering l'?ifom by wiong Names,

'Penalty on Persons t./l ving

f<j Ir faltoy

mutt tried,

1 ir.pi ilumnent.

H .rfes rifely niurtered, t KirfrirtrO, &c. or «ob

in be Irvied by rdt.cfi, he.

C. 32. 47° GEORGII III. Sess. i. A.D. 1807.

of the fame, as well within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney* Sark, or Man, and the Islands thereto belonging, as in His Majesty's Garrison of Gibraltar, and in any of His Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas, or elsewhere beyond the Seas.

XXXI. Provided always, That no Person shall, by such Articles of War, be subjected to any Punishment extending to Life or Limb, within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, or any of the Isles thereto belonging, for any Crime which is not expressed to be so punishable by this Act; nor for such Crimes as are expressed to be so punishable, in any Manner, or under any Regulations, which shall not accord with the Provisions of this Act.

XXXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Officer or Soldier shall, in any of H13 Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas or elsewhere beyond the Seas, commit any of the Offences triable by Courts-martial by virtue of this Act, and shall come or be brought into this Realm, or into Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sari, or Men, or the Islands thereto belonging, before he be tried by a Court-martial for such Offence; such Officer or Soldier shall be tried and punished for the fame, as if the said Offence had been committed within this Realm.

XXXIII. 1 And Whereas it is of essential Importance, as well to the due Observance of publick Economy as ' to the Difeipline of His Majesty's Forces, that they should be regularly muflered, and that the Mullers should 1 be taken with the drifted Accuracy and Exactness be it enacted by the Authority afire fa id. That Mullers shall be made, had, or taken, of every Regiment, Troop, or Companyrin His Majesty's Service, Twice at the lead in every Year, at such Times as shall be appointed,

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Commissary shall muder any Regiment, Troop, or Company, within the City of Westminster, and Borough of Southnuarh, and Liberties thereof, but in the Presence of Two or more Justices of the Peace, not being Officers of the Army, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds, and of being discharged from his Office; unless such Justices, upon Forty-eight Hours Notice being given to Six of His Majesty's .Indices of the Peace, redding within the City and Liberties aforesaid respectively, shall neglect to attend such Muller, and in case of such Neglect, such Commissary may proceed to muder such Regiment, Troop, or Company; provided that Oath be made before any of His Majesty's Judiees of the Peace, within Forty-eight Hours after such Muder taken, that such Notice was given to Six Judiees of the Peace as aforesaid, which Justices so attending are hereby empowered to sign the said Muller Rolls, and to take Cognizance of such Muder and to examine the Truth thereof before they sign the same.

XXXV. And, for preventing of Fraud and Deceit in the mudering of Soldiers, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person do make or give or procure to be made or given, any false or untrue Certificate, whereby toexcufe any Soldier for his Absence from any Muller or any other Service which he ought to attend or perform, upon Pretence of being employed on some other Duty of the Regiment, or of Sickness being in Prison or on Furlough; then every such Person lb making, giving or procuring, such Certificate, shall, for every such OfTence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and shall be forthwith caffiicred and <iii-placed from his Office, and shall be thereby utterly disabled to have or hold any Military OiRce or Employment within this Realm, or in'His Majesty's Service, and no Certificate shall excuse the Absence of any Soldier but for the lveafons above mentioned or One of them

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Officer that shall make any false or untrue Muder of Man or Horse, and every Commissary, Mutler-muder, or other Officer, who shall wittingly or willingly allow or flgn the Mutter-roll wherein such false Muller is contained, or any Duplicate thereof; and also every Commissary, Muster-master, or other Officer, who shall directly or indirectly take, or cause to be taken, any Sum or Sums of Money, or any other Gratuity, on or for the Hindering any Regiment. Troop, or Company, or on or for the signing of any Muster-volls, or any Duplicate thereof, upon Proof thereof upon Oath made by Two Witnesses before a General Court-martial to be thereupon called (which is hereby authorized and required to adrninifler such Oath /, shall, for such Offence, be forthwith cashiered and displaced from such his Office, and shall be thereby utterly disabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or in his Majesty's Service.

XXXVII. And it is enacted, That if any Officer or Commissary shall muder any Person by a wrong Name knowingly, upon Conviction thereof, before a General Court martial, the said Officer or Commissary shall suffer such Penalties and in such Manner as is directed and inflicted by this Act upon those who shall make false M iflers,

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall he falfrly mudered, or offer himlelt falsely or deceitfully to be nuillered, upon Proof thereof made upon Oath by Two Witnesses, before the next Julliee of the Peace for the County where such Muitcr shall be made, and upon Certificate thereof in Writing, under the Hand of the Commissary of the Mullers, or Chief Magistrate as aforesaid, made to such Julliee of the Peace, the said JuAice is hereby authorized and required to commit such Offender to the House of Correction, there to remain for the Space o' Ten Days: And if any Person shall willingly or willingly lend or furnish any Horse to be muflered, which fhffil not t*uly belong to the Trooper or Troop so muflered, the said Horse so falsely mudered shall be forfeited to the Informer, if the fame doth belong to the I'erion lending or furnishing the said Horse; or otherwise the Person lending or turnishing tie said Horse flrali forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, upon Oath made by Two Witnesses, beh re the next Julliee of the Peace; which Twenty Pounds shall be levied, by Warrant unoer the Hand and Seal of the said Julliee, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perffin so offending, r ndering the Overplus (if any be i to the Owner: And in case such Offender shall not have fnflficient Goods and Chattels wUrcou Dillrchi tnay be made to the Value of the Penalty to be recovered against him, or shall n it pay such Penalty within Four Dayg after such Conviction; thea, and in such Case, such Justice of the Peace shall and may, by Warrant under His Hand and Seal, eithei commit such Offender to the Common Gaol, there

51

A.D. 1807. 470 GEORGII IIl. Sess.

C. J2i

to remain without Bail or Mainprize for the Space of Three Months, or canfe stich Offender to he publicity shipped, at the Discretion bf such Justice; and the said Forfeiture shall be to such Person or Persons that fluil give Information thereof; and the said Informer or Informers, if belonging to the Service, shall have a Right to he dischnrged forthwith, if he or they shall demand the same.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in Great Britain the Deputy or MiAer-rolls nr Deputies uf the Commifiary General shall upon every Half-yearly Muster taken by him or them respectively of Ht'f-ycariy any Rraiment, Troop, or Company, in His Majesty's Service at any Place Ten Miles distant from London, cfofc Vt, l, <rs Tm the Mutter-rolls of the said Regiment, Troop, or Company, within Twenty-four Hours after such Muller shall I>a\ebecn made; and shallreturn the Rolls so taken, by the Poll or other safe Conveyance, within Seven Days hccl.nd nher their being closed, to the Office of the Commissnry General of Mullers, who shall, and lie is hereby directed within and required to transmit One Set of every of the said Rolls to the Secretary at War, One to the Paymaster; »f»crMiiacr#anil General of His Majesty's Land Forces, and One to the Comptroller of the Accounts of the Army, on or rcr"rmd \vubia before the Firff Day of May, and Twenty-ninth Day of September, respectively following such Half-yearly Commi/Lry Muller: And no Alterations or Indorsements shall be made in or upon the said Muster-rolls, other than in the General.

Cal'e of Orders uf Leave or Dates of Commissions, and other than involuntary Errors or literal Millakes in

writing or tnnfcnbing the said Muiler-rolls, upon Pain of forfeiting their respective Employments, and the Sum Penalty Xxo*

of Twenty Pounds to any Person that will sue for the fame, for every such Offence.

XL. 4 And Whereas by the Petition cf Right, in the Third Year of King Charles the First, it is enacted and Recital of declared, that the People of the Land ate not by the Laws to lie burthened with the Sojourning of Soldiers f"'

1 aga-.nlt their Wills; and by a Clause in an Act of the Pritish Parliament, made in the One-and-Thirfieth Year 1 of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for granting a Supply to His Majesty of Two hundred and six c.

thousand four hundred fix.ty-two Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Three pence, for paying and diffianding the Force?, it is declared and enabled, that no Officer, Civil or Military, nor other Person whatsoever, should from thenceforth presume to place, quarter, or billet, any Soldier or Soldiers upon any Subject or Inhabitant of this Realm, of any Degree, Quality or Profession whatsoever, without his Consent; and that it shall and may be lawful for any Subjedi, Sojourner, or Inhabitant, to refuse to quarter any Soldier or Soldiers, notwithstanding any Demand or Warrant, or Billetting whatsoever: But forasmuch as at this Time, and during the Continuance of this Act, there is and may be Occasion for the marching and quartering of Regiments, Troops, and Companiei, in several Parts of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland \ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for and during the Continuance of this Act, and no longer, it shall and may be ConftsMe?, Bcc. lawful to and for the Constables, Tithingmen, Headboroughs, and other Chief Officers and Magistrates of in Enphnd fh.iU Cities, Towns, and Villages, and other Places within England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, lujrr« r Officr* 1 and, in their Default or Absence, for any One Julliceof the Peace inhabiting in or near any such City, Town, ^use*°Icc"* Village, or Place, and for no others; and such Constables, and other Chief Magistrates as aforesaid, are hereby*9

required to quarter and billet the Officers and Soldiers in His Majesty's Service, in Inns, Livery Stables,

Alelioufes, Victualling-houses, and the Hoiifes of Sellers of Wine, by Retail, to be drank in their own Houses,

or Places thereunto belonging; other than and except Persons who keep Taverns only, being Freemen of the excep! Taverns,

Company of Vintners of the City of London, who were admitted to the Freedom before the Fifth Day of July &c-

One thousand seven hundred and fifty-seven, or who fmee have or shall hereafter be admitted to their Freedom of the said Company in Right of Patrimony or Apprenticeship, notwithstanding such Persons who keep Taverns

only have taken out Victualling Licences; and all Houses of Persons felling Brandy, Strong Waters, Cyder, but in no

or Metheglin, by Retail, to he drank in Houses, other than and except the House or Houses of any Distillers, Diiliilers or who keep Houses or Places for distilling Brandy and Strong Waters, and the House of any Shopkeeper, whose Shopkeepers

principal Dealings shall be more in other Goods and Merchandizes than in Brandy and Strong Waters, (so as Hoi, c*.4 or ia

such Diiliilers and Shopkeepers do not permit or suffer Tippling in his or their Houses, I and in no other, and

in no private Houses whatloevrr; nor shall any more Billets at any Time be ordered than there are effective

Soldiers present to be quartered; all which Billets when made out by such Chief Magistrates or Constables,

shall be delivered into the Hands of the Commanding Officer present: And if any Constable, Tythingman, or Penalty on such like Officer or Magistrate, as aforesaid, shall presume to quarter or billet any such Officer or Soldier in any Conffabk«, kc.

such private House, without the Consent of the Owner or Occupier, in such Case such Owner or Occupier

shall have his or their Remedy at Law ngainfl such Magistrate or Officer, for the Damage that such Owner or p*Vate*Huufe«,

Occupier shall fullain thereby: And if any Military Officer shall take upon him to quarter Soldiers otherwise &c.

than is limited and allowed by this Act, or shall use or offer any Menace or Compulsion to or upon any Mayors, officers

Conilahks, or other Civil Officers before mentioned tending to deter and discourage any of them from performing quartering

any Part of their Duty hereby required or appointed; such Military Officer shall for every such Offence, (being boidimcon*my

thereof convicted before any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace of the County, by the Oath of Two credible Witnesses), be deemed and taken to be

ipso facto cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to have or hold ° crc

any Military Employment within this Kingdom, or in His Majesty's Service; provided the said Conviction be affirmed at the next Quarter Sessions of the Peace of the said County, and a Certificate thereof be transmitted

to tlw Judj; e-Advocate, in London, who is hereby obliged to certify the same to the next Court-martial; And Persons

in case aoy Person shall find himself aggrieved, in that such Constable. Tythingman, or Headborough, Chief .y^nevrd rmy

Officer or Magistrate, (such Chief Officer or Magistrate not being a Julliceof the Peace), has quartered or vompiam to

billetted in his House a greater Number of Soldiers than he ought to bear in Proportion to his Neighbours, and '*n^ -u 'ce*

shall complain thereof to One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the Division, City, or Liberty, where

such Soldiers are quartered; or in case such Chief Officer or Magistrate shall be a Justice of the Peace, then on

Complaint made to Two or more Justices of the Peace of such Division, City, or Liberty, such Justices

respectively shall have, and have hereby Power to relieve such Person, by ordering such and lo many of the

H a Soldiers

Mo Just ice having any Military Office in England Ih.ill be concerned ia billetting hii Soldieis.

Conftafdcs, ice. may hilkt Foo'-guaidi ia AVeftniiufler, it c.

Constables, See. in Westmin tier, &c. shall deliver Lifts on Ourh at Quarter Sessions of Innabiranrs, and of Solriieis -quartered in their tefpefiive JDivisions.

Lifts (bail remain with Clerk, of the f>eace., and be inspected without Fee, and Copies -jtven.

f*e natty on

Default in delivering Lifts, &c. £5.

'Leviable by BiUrcfs, &c.

Quartering df

Officers, Men, and H or ft* #,

Ac longing to the Horse or Dxigooni) Ac.

C. 32. 475 GEORGII III. Sess. t.- A.D. 1807.

Soldiers to be removed and quartered upon fitch other Person or Persons as they shall see Cause; and such other Person or Persons shall be obliged to receive such Soldiers accordingly.

XLI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Justice or Justices of the Peace, having or executing any Military Office or Commission in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall and may, during the Continuance of this Act, directly or indirectly, be concerned in the quartering, billetting, or appointing any Quarters for any Soldier or Soldiers in the Regiment, Troop, or Company, under the immediate Command or Commands of such Justice or Justices. according to the Disposition made for quartering of any Soldier or Soldiers by virtue of this Act; but that all Warrants, Acts, Matters, or Tilings, executed or appointed by such Justice or Justices of the Peace, for or concerning the same, shall be void; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLII. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever any Order shall issue for the quartering or billetting the Officers or Soldiers of His Majesty's Regiments of Foot-guards, wkhia the City and Liberties of Westminster, and Places adjacent, lying i# the County of Middlesex and in the County of Surrey, and in the Borough of Southwark in the said County of Surrey, the High Constables shall deliver out Precepts to the several Petty Constables, Headboroughs, or Tithingmen, of each Parish, Ward, Hamlet, and Distriil, within their respective Divisions, to billet and quarter such Officers and Soldiers of H13 Majesty's Regiments of Foot-guards on such Houses only as by this Act is limited within their respective Parishes, Hamlets, or Diflri&s; and such Petty Constables, Headboroughs, and Tithingmen, shall, in pursuance thereof, billet and quarter every such Officer and Soldier in such Houses so subjeiled thereto by this Act, equally and proportionably, according to the Number of such Officers and Soldiers so to be billetted and quartered, and of the Houses so subjeiled to receive them; and such Officers and Soldiers of the Foot-guards shall be quartered within the said City and Liberties of Westminster and the Places adjacent, lying in the said County of Middlesex^ /except the City of London, ) and in the said County of Surrey, and in the said Borough of 'outhipark in the said County of Surrey t in the same Manner, and under the fame Regulations, as ia other Parts of England, ia all Cases for which particular Provision is not made by thi > Ail.

XLIII. And, for the better preventing Abuses in billetting and quartering such Officers and Soldiers in the said City and Liberties of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, lying in the said County of Middlesex, and in the said County of Surrey, and in the said Borough of Southwark in the said County of Surrey, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Petty Constables, Headboroughs, and Tithingmen of their respective Parishe?, Wards, Hamlets, and Distriils, within the same, shall, at every General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said City and Liberties of Westminster, in the said County of Middlesex> and the said County of Surrey, and the said Borough of Southwark in the said County of Surrey respectively, make and deliver to the Justices then in open Sessions assembled, upon Oath (which Oath they the said Justices are hereby authorized and required to administer) true Lifts signed by them respectively, of all such Houses, together with the Number of all such Persons respectively inhabiting the fame, within his or their Parish, Ward, Hamlet, or Distriil respectively, as are subject and liable by this Act to receive such Officers and Soldiers, together with the Names and Rank of all such Officers and Soldiers as are quartered and billetted in each House respectively; and such L ifts shall remain with the Clerks of the Peace of the said City and Liberties of Westminster, the said County of Middlesex, the said County of Surrey, and the said Borough of Southwark in the said County of Surrey respectively, to the Intent that all and every Person and Persons may be at Liberty to inspeil the fame without any Fee or Reward; and such Clerk shall forthwith, from Time to Time, make and deliver to every or -any Person or Persons who shall require the fame, true Copies of all and every or any such Lifts, upon being paid Two-pence a Sheet for each and every such Copy so taken, each Sheet to be computed at and contain One hundred and fifty Words: And if Default or Neglect shall be made by any Petty Constable, Headborough, or Tithingman, of any such Parish, Ward, Hamlet, or Distriil in the delivering such Lifts -to the Justices at their Quarter Sessions as aforesaid; or if he or they shall so deliver, or cause to be delivered in, any false or defective Lift, not including and specifying therein all and every such House and Houses so liable by this Act to receive such Officers and Soldiers, or the Names and Rank of all such Officers and Soldiers as are quartered and billetted in each House respectively; such Petty Constable, Headborough, and Tithingman, or any of them so offending therein, shall, for each such Offence, forfeit each the Sum of Five Pounds, to the Use of the Poor of such respective Parishes, Wards, Hamlets, and Distriils; to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of One or more of His Majesty's Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said City and Liberties of Westminster, for the said County of Middlesex, and for the said County of Surrey, and for the said Borough of Southwark in the said County of Surrey respectively (which Warrant or Warrants the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required to make and issue); and for Want of Efficient Distress to be found for that Purpose, the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required, by Warrant or Warrants, under his or their Hands and Seals, to commit the Person or Persons so offending to the common Gaol of the said City of Westminster, the said County of Middlesex, the said County of Surrey, or the said Borough of Southwark in the said County of Surrey, there to vemain for any Time to be limited by such Justice or Justices, not exceeding "Three Months norless than One Month, without Bail or Mainprize.

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Officers, Men, and Horses, belonging to His Majesty's Horse or Dragoons, and also all Bat and Baggage Horses belonging to any of His Majesty's other Forces, and also the Horses belonging to Staff and Field Officers in His Majesty's Forces when upon actual Service, not exceeding for each Officer the Number for which Forage is or shall be allowed by His Majesty's Regulations, shall and may be quartered and billetted in the Inns SLivery Stables, Alehousea, Victualling Houses, and other Houses in which Officers and Soldier* are by this Act allowed to be <juarteped

and

A.D. 1807.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 1.

C. 32.

5$

and billetted, and that they shall he received and furoiffied % y the Owners or Occupier# of such Inns, Livery Stables, Alehousea, Victualling Houses, and other Houses in which they are so allowed to be quartered and billetted, with Diet and Small Beer, and with Stables, and Hay and Straw for such Horses, paying and allowing for the fame the several Rates herein after mentioned, to be payable out of the Subfiibence-Money for Diet and Small Beer, and Hay and Straw for such Horses.

XLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaidj That when any of His Dragoon*, Majesty's Horse or Dragoons, or any other Horses as aforesaid, shall be quartered or billetted upon the Owner quarr«e«son or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of any Alehouse, Victualling House, or other House in which Officers or Soldiers maybe quartered by virtue of this Act, who have no Stables: then, and in such Case, and upon Com- roaybc rcmVved' plaint made by the Person or Persons haring no Stables, to Two or more Justices of the Peace of the Dirifion, to those City, or Liberty, where such Horse or Dragoons, or other Horses, shall be so quartered and billetted, and HavtStable^&e. upon his or their making such Allowance in lieu of his or their quartering such Horse or Dragoons, or other Horses, as such Justices shall think reasonable, it shall and may be lawful for such Justices to order the Men and their Horses, or such Horses only, as the Caff may be, to be removed and quartered upon some other Person or Persons who by this Act are liable to have Officers and Soldieis quartered and billetted upon them, who have Stables, and to order and settle a proper Allowance to be made by the Person or Persons having no Stables in lieu of his or their quartering such Horse or Dragoons, or other Horses, so to be removed as aforesaid.; and also to order and direct that such Allowance shall be pin'd by the Person or Persons from whom such Men and Horse#

shall be removed, tooramongst the Person or Persons to whom such Men und Horses shall be so removed a# aforesaid, or be applied in the furnishing of Quarters for the Reception of such Men and Horses, as the Case may require, and as such Justices shall think fit.

XLVI.*And Whereas great Inconveniences have arisen, and may arise in such Places where Horse or Dragoon# Dragoons,

1 are or may be quartered by the billetting of the Men and their Horses at different Houses, and often at greatnd their Horsev

Distances from one another, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; be it therefore enacted by (jja^ k*1* the Authority aforesaid, That in all Places where Horse or Dragoons shall be quartered orhilletted in pursuance of this Act, for the future, the Men and their Horses shall be billetted in one and the fame House, (except in case of Necessity) 5 and that in no other Cast whatsoever there be less than One Man billetted where there shall be One or Two Horses, nor less than Two Men where there shall be Four Horses, and foan Proportion for»greater Number; and in such Case each Man shall be billetted as near his Horse as possible.

XLVII.*And Whereas some Doubts have arisen, whether Commanding Officers of any Regiment, Troop, Manner of or Company, may exchange any Men or Hor.fes quartered in any Town or Place, with another Man or Horse changing Me*

quartered in the same Place, for the Benefit of the Service \ be it declared and enacted by th»? Authority afore- and said That such Exchange as above mentioned may be made by such Commanding Officers nefi >edlively, provided

the Number of Men or Horses do not exceed the Number at that Time billetted on such House or Houses* ltd the Constables, Tithingmen, Headboroughs, and other Chief Officers, and Magistrates of the Cities,

Towns, and Villages, or other Places where any Regiment, Troop, or Company, shall be quartered, are hereby required to billet such Men a/id Horses so exchanged accordingly.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Officer shall take, or OTicer* taking nufetobe taken, or knowingly suffer to be taken, any Money 01 any Person for excuftr.g the! quartering of Mwiey tocxciifr Officers or Soldiers, or any of them, in any House allowed by this A>5t, every such Officer shall be cashiered, and be incapable of serving in any military Employment whatsoever.

XI*IX. And be it farther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thct if any Hifjh Constable, Constable, Penalty on Beadle, or other Officer, or Person whatsoever, who, by virtue or colour of this Act, shall quarter or billet, or ConfUblrs, he. be employed in quart/ring or billetting any Officers or Soldiers, shall negk\*Lor refuse tv> quarter or billet such taking Moneys Officers or Soldiers v/hen thereunto required, in such Manner as. is by the Act directevd, provided sufficient ftotice be given before the Arrival of such Troops; or shall receive, demand, contract or agree for any Sum or quartering;

Sums of Money, or my Reward whatsoever, for or on account of excufuig, or in order to eveufc any Person or Persons whatsoever. from quartering or receiving into his, her, or their House or Houses, any such Officer or

Soldier; or in cast any Victualler, or any other Person liable by this Act to have any Officer % or Soldier billetted and on

or quartered on bim or her, shall refuse to receive or vidiualany such Officer or Soldier so quartered or billetted Vifluallrri

«pon him or her as aforesaid; or shall refuse to furnish or allow, according to the Directions of this Act, the s, itijer,

several Tilings herein after respectively directed to be furnished or allowed to Non-commi (ft oned Officers or

ftoldkrs ft> quartered or billetted on him or her, as aforesaid; or shall neglect <*r refuse to l urniffi good and

sufficimt S/ables, together with good and sufficient Hay and Straw for each Horse so quartered or billetted

on him or her as aforesaid, at the Rate herein after mentioned, and shall be thereof convicted., before One or

mere Jtil'jce or Justices of the Peace of the County, City, or Liberty, within which such Offence shall be

«omm; ttcil, either by his own Confrilion, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, (which Oath thr said Justice or Justicea is and are hereby empowered to administer) every such High Cogitable,

Cou!h bk, Beadle, or other Officer or Person so offending, shall forfeit for every such Offence, he Sum of Five Puunds, or any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings, (as the said Justice or Justices before whom the Matter shall be heard, shall in his or their Discretion think fit; to be levied by Diflrefi and Sale of the Goods of the Person offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted, or of One or more crt' them, to be directed to any other Constable within the County, City, or Liberty, or to any of the ©verfeers of the Poor of the Parish where the Offender shall dwell; which said Sum of Five Pounds, or the said Sunk #ot exceeding Five Pounds nor lets thin Forty Shillings, when levied, shall be applied, in the First Place, in wkiqft such* Satitfe&km to any Soldier for the Expence he may have been put to by teafon of his not being

hilkucd

54

Any Justxe tT»av n'Her C<>n(V<«blrs to give an Aixouit of the Number of SoMirr* quartered, 5cc.

Rate* for Diet of Officers And Solrier*.

[, Vr<f 47 Gr. 3. <54-1

If Innholder furnish the Men c; imrcred on them with Cnndfrs, Vinegar, And Salt, grat*s, &c. the Men (except when on a M-trch, &c.)

(h til provide their turn Visual* and SmaM Beer.

(i're c. 54 ]

Officer* shall give Notice to Innkeeper* of SubfiHenee-nroney in their Hands, Ac*

Rite* of

Subsistence shall be patd to Innkeeper*, &c. for Soldier* Quarter*

[Sre t. 54 ]

Penalty on Officer* nor giving Notice, and not fat i> tying Account*.

0. 32-. 47* G E OR G11 III. Sess. i. A.D. 1807.

billetted or quartered as aforesaid, as such Justice Or Justices ftwll order and direct; and the Remainder shall be paid to the Overseers of the Poon of the Parish wherein the Offence shall bfe committed, or to some One of them, for the Use of the Poor of the said Pariflu

L. And for the better preventing Abuses in quartering or billctting the Soldiers in pursuance of this Act, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any One or more Justirc or Justices of the Peace within their respective Counties* Cities or Liberties, by Warrant or Order under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, at any Time or Times during the Continuance of this Act, to require and command any High Constable. Constable, Beadle, or other Officer who shall quarter or billet any Soldiers in yurfuance of this Act, to give an Account in Writing unto the said Just ice or Justices requiring the fame, of the Number of Officers and Soldiers who shall be quartered or hilletted by them, and also the Names of the Housekeepers or Persons upon whom every such Officer or Soldier shall be quartered or hilletted, together with an Account of the Street or Place where every such Housekeeper dwells, and of the Signs (if any) belonging to their Houses to the End it may appear to the said Justice or Justices where such Officers and Soldiers are quartered or hilletted, and that he or they may thereby be the better enabled to prevent orpunish all Abuses in the quartering or billetting of them.

LI. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted, Tint the Officers and Soldiers so quartered and hilletted as aforesaid, shall be received and furnished with Diet and Small Beer by the Owners of the Inns, Livery Stables, Alehouses, Vicluailing-hoafea, and other Houses in which they are allowed to be quartered and hilletted by this Act; paying and allowing for the fame the several Rates herein after mentioned to be payable out of the Subsistence Money for Diet and Srn/ul Beer.

LII. Provided always, That in case any Innholder, or other Person on whom any Non-commission Officers or Private Men shall be quartered by virtue of this A<R, (except on ?i March or employ'd in recruiting, and likewise except the Recruits by them raised, for the Space of Seven Days at moll, for such Non commission. Officers and Soldiers who are recruiting, and the Recruits by them raised), shall be desirous to furnish such Non-corruniffion Officers and Soldiers with Candles, Vinegar, and Salt, gratis, and allow to such Non-cotnnhffion. Officers or Soldiers the Use of Fire, and the necessary Utcnfds for dre.Ting and eating their Meat, and shall give Notice of f ch his Desire to the Commanding Officer, and shall furnish and allow the fame accordingly; then and in such Case the Non-commission Officers and Soldiers so quartered shall provide their own Vidtmds and Small Beer; and the Officer to whom it belongs to receive, or that does actually receive, the Pay and Subsistence of such Non-commission Officers and Soldiers, shall pay the several Sums herein after mentioned to be payable out of the Subsistence money for Diet and Small Beer, to the Non-commission Officers and Soldiers as aforesaid, and not to the Innholder or other Person, on whom such Non-commission Officers and Soldiers are quartered; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LIII. And that the Quarters both of Officers and Soldiers may hereafter be duly paid and satisfied, and flis Majesty's Duties of Excise better answered, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, every Officer to whom it belongs to receive, or that does actually receive the Pay or Suhfistence-money, either for a whole Regiment, or particular Troops and Companies, or otherwise, shall immediately upon each Receipt of every particular Sum which shall from Time to ime be paid, returned, or come to his or their Hands, on Account of Fay or, Subsistence, give publick Notice thereof to all persons keeping Inns, or other Places where Officers or Soldiers are quartered by virtue of this Act; and shall also appoint the said Innkeepers, and others, to repair to their Quarters, at such Times as they shall appoint for the Billribution and Payment of the said Pay or Subsistcoce-money to the Officers or Soldiers, which shall be within Four Days at the farthest after the Receipt of the same as aforesaid; and the said Innkeepers and others, shall then and there acquaint such Officer or Officers with the Accounts or Debts (if any shall be, between them and the Officers and Soldiers so quartered in their respective Houses; which Accounts the said Officer or Officers is or are hereby required to accept of* and immediately pay the same, before any Part of the said Pay or Subsistence be distriluted either to the Officers or Soldiers: Provided the said Accounts exceed not, for a Commission Officer of Horse, being under the Degree of a Captain, for such Officer's Diet and Small Beer, per Diem, Two Shillings; nor for One Com-> million Officer of Dragoons, being under the Degree of a Captain, for such Officer's Diet and Small Beer, per Diem, One Shilling; nor for One Conmiiffion Officer of Foot, under the Degree of a Captain, for such Officer's Diet and Small Beer, per Diem, One Shilling; nor for One Light Horseman's Diet and Small Beer, per Diem, Seven-pence; nor for One Dragoon's Diet and Small Beer, per Diem, Seven-pence; nor for One Foot Soldier's Diet and Small Beer, per Diemf Five-pence; nor for each Horse which shall be quartered un 'er the Authority of this Act for Hay and Straw for such Korfc, ^<r Diem, Sixpence: And if any Officer or Officers as aforesaid, shall not give Notice as aforesaid, and shall not immediately, upon producing such Account dated, satisfy, Content, and pay the same, upon Complaint and Oath made thereof by any Two Witnesses, at the nest Quarter Sessions for the County or City where such Quarters we e, (which Oath the Justices of the Peace at such Sessions are hereby authorized and required to administer) the Paymaster or PayrRafters of His Majesty's Guards and Garrisons, and Marines, are hereby required and authorized (upon Certificate of the said Justices before whom such Oath was made, of the Sum due upon such Accounts and the Persons to whom the fame is owing), to pay and satisfy the said Sums out of the Arrears due to the said Officer or Officers, upon Penalty that such Paymaster or Paymasters shall forfeit their respective Place or Places of Paym.ifter or Pay mailers, and be discharged from holding the fame for the future: And in case there shall be no Arrears due to the said Officer or Officers, then the said Paymaster or Paymasters are hereby authorized and required to deda& the Sums he or they shall pay, pursuant to the Certificate of the said Justices, out of the next Pay or Subfcstence-money of the Regiment to which such Officer or Officer* shall belong; and such Officer or Officer* shall, for

every

A.D. 1807.

470 GEORGII III. SJT.r.

C. 32.

55

every such Offence, or for neglecting to give Notice of the Receipt of ftech Pay or Sub/rflence-money ay

aforesaid, be deemed And taken, ai.d-ar, - hereby declared ififo facto cashiered: And where it shall happen that the Subfiilen< e-money due to any OTicer or Soldier shall, by Occasion of any Accident, not be paid to such

Officer or Soldier, or such Officer or Soldier shall neglect to pay the same, so that Quarters cannot be or are

not paid as this Act directs; and where any Horse, Foot, or Dragoon*, shall be upon their March, so that

no Subiiltence can then be remitted to them, to make Payment as this Act directs, or they shall neglect to pay

the fame; in every such Case, it is hereby further enacted, That every such Officer shall, before his or their OiN^n-payment

Departure out of his or their Quarters, where such Regiment, Troop, or Company, shall remain for any Time of Qu: "ters» l*»*

whatsoever, make up the Accounts as this Act directs, with every Person with whom such Regiment, Troop,

or Company shall have quartered, and sign a Certificate thereof, and give the said Certificate, so by him ilgned, ^ccjujifs See,

to the Party to whom Rich Money is due, with the Name of such Regiment, Troop, or Company, to which

he or they shall belong; to the End the said Certificate may be forthwith transmitted to the Paymaster of

His Majesty's Guards and Garrisons, or to the Paymaster of the Marines, who are hereby required immediately

to make Payment then.ot to the Person or Persons to whom such Money shall be due, to the End the fame may

be applied to such Regiment, Troop, or Company, respectively, under Pain as is before in this Act directed for

Non-payment of Quarters.

LIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Officer, Military or Civil, by this Act Soldiers Wjvr.«, tutiionzed to quarter Soldiers in any Houses hereby appointed for that Purpose, shall at any Time during the A»di m>t t* Continuance of this Act, quarter any of the Wives, Children, Men, or Maid Servants, of any Officer or q, ia, tcre<|

Soldier, in any such Houses, against the Consent of the Owners; the Party otFending, if an Officer of the "'J' cu*Army, shall upon Complaint and Proof thereof made to the Commander in Chief of the Army, or Judge cn Advocate, be if>Jo faffo cashiered; and if a Constable, Tythingman, or other Civil Officer, he shall forfeit to the Party aggrieved Twenty Shillings, upon Complaint and Proof thereof made to the next Justice of the Peace; to be levied by Warrant of such Justice, by Distress and Sale of his Goods, rendering the Overplus to the Party, after deducing reasonable Charges in taking the lame

LV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Two or SoMiers having more Justices of the Peace for the County, Town, or Place where any Non commission Officer or Soldier shall Wives and be quartered, in that Part of Great Britain called England, in case such Non-commission Officer or rivate Children, ffeall Soldier have cither Wife or Child or Children, to cause such Non-commission Officer or Soldier to be sum- ulmaKe inoned before them, in the Town or Place where such Non-commission Officer or Soldier shall be quartered, o, ft uiure in order to make Oath of the Place of their last legal Settlement, (which Oath the said Justices are hereby J.irtic# oMhcic empowered to administerl; and such Non-commission Officers and Private Soldiers as aforesaid are hereby last Mace u£ dueled to obey Inch Summons, and to make Oath accordingly; and such Justices are hereby required to i)eU"; n, cnt* give an attested Copy of such Affidavit to made before them to the Person making the same, to be by him delivered to his Commanding Officer, in order to he produced when required; which attested Copy shall be at any Time admitted in Evidence, as to such last legal Sc'tlement, before any of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, or at any General or Quarter Session of the Peace: Provided always, that in case any Non-commission Officer or private Soldier shall be again tummoned to make Oath as aforesaid, then on such attested Copy of tli Oath by him formerly taken being produced by him, or by any other Person on his Behalf, such Non-comiuliiou Officer or Soldier shall not be obliged to take any other or further Oath with regard to his 1'egaL Settlement, but shall leave a Copy of such attested Copy of Examination, if required.

LVl. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the better and more regular Prorifion For the providing o» Carnages for His Majesty's Forces in their Marches, or for their Arms, Clothes or Accoutrements, in Cmwgo '« t».e i'.r; s7: nii, iVa es and the Town of Berwuk'ti(*n-Ttwt'e/,11 Justices of the Peace, within their several1 Counties, n ardo-

Hidings, Divifnns, Shires, Liberties, and Precincts, being duly required thereunto by an Order from H'$

Mnjdty, or the General or' Hi* Forces, or the Mailer General or 'Lieutenant General of His Majesty's Ordnance, or oilier Person duly authorized-in that Behalf, shall as often as such Order is brought and shewn unto Otic or rr, ore of them by the Quaitermaiter, Adjutant, or other Offic r or Non-commissioned Officer of the Regiment: ,

Lctaclimcot, Troop, or Company, so ordered to n.arch, issue out hi-.* or their Warrants to the Cor.ftaUcs, or Petty Constables, of the IJivdion, Riding, City, Liberty, Hundred, and Precii.ft, from, through, near, or to which such Regiment, Detachment, Troop, or Company, shall be ordered to march; requiring them to make fvK'li Provision ot Carriages, and Horles or Oxen with able Men to drive the fame, as is mentionedn the said v -

Warrant, allowing them Jiit/khent Time to do the fame, that the neighbouring Parts may not always bear the liurtiion; and specifying in the said Warrants the Place or Places to which the said Carriages shall by virtue vVurant* fh.lief such Order as aforesaid, be required to travel, which shall not exceed the Lay's March of the Troops, as ipccu'y ukFmm* preftribed 111 the Order produced to the Magffirate, unless in case of pro fling Emergency or Necessity, and 1.wmen me ffiuil in no Case vviu ever exceed Twenty five Miles from the Place at which the March shall commence And Crnage* in case fuffieieut Carriages cannot be p.ovided within any such Liberty, : ivifton, or Precinct, then the Justice tra'eb 3#c* or Justices of the Peace of the next adjoining County, Kiding, or Division. fh.dl upon such Order as aforesaid being brought or shewn to One or inoie of them by any of the Officers aforesaid, issue his or their Warrant }

to the Con (Tables or Petty Coni!able* of such next County, Riding, Liberty, Divifum, or Precinct, fm* the Purpose* aforesaid, to make up such Deficiency: And the afurctaid Officer or Officers who, by virtue of^tfes j. thy aforesaid Warrant from the Julbces of the Peace are to demand the Carriage or Carriages therein mentioned c.»ngtu of the Constable or Petty Constable, to whom the Warrant ia directed, is and are hereby required, at the same Time, to paydown in Han.' to the fad Constable or Petty Constable for the Use of the Person who ftull provide such Carriages ami Men, the Sum ot One Shilling for every Mile any Waggon with Five } lories llull travel; ai.d the Sum of One Stuffin'/ for eve y Muc any Worn with Six. Oxen, or Four Oxen with n\va

°*Horses

6 0* 32' 47° GEORGII II.1. Sess. i. A.D. 1807.

Penalty on Officers forcing Waggon* to travel more than Magiitr; ites*s W ari-U specifics.

Further CompenfaTion for Carriages, winch cannot return on the same Day-

In Cases of Emergency [ud ices may he required to uTue Warrants for providing Sad Me Hoi fcs and V'our-'v heeled C irriages let to Hire; and alia VrfTrls on C.tnais, Jcc.

Justices shall ?n their Warrants spec'fj the Dirt a of e ca be tr.i\c: .cci.

Horses frail travel 5 and the Sum of Nine pence for every Mile an)* Cart with Four Horses, or carrying not less than Fifteen Hundred Weight, frail travel; and the Sum of Six AV nee for every Mile every Cate of other "Carriage, with less than Four Horses, and not carrying Fifteen Hundred Weight, shall travel; or any further Sum not exceeding Four-pence, for every' Mile any Waggon with Five Horses, or any Wain with Six Oven, or with Four Oxen and Two Horses, frail travel; and not exceeding Three-pence for every Mile any Cart with Four Horses or carrying not less than Fifteen Hundred Weight, frail travel; and not exceeding Two-pence for every Mile any Cart or Carriage, with less than Four Horses and not carrying Fifteen Hundred Weight, frail travel; according as the fame frail be fixed and oidered by the Justices of the Peace for any County or District assembled at any General Sessions of the Peace for such County or District, the said Justices having regard to the Price of Hay and Oats at the Time of fixing such additional Rates; for which respective Sums so received the said Constable or Petty Constable is hereby required to give a Receipt in Writing (which Receipt need not be stamped) to the Person or Persons paying the fame; And such Constable or Petty Constable frail order and appoint such Person or Persons, having Carriages within their respective Liberties, as they frail think proper, to provide and fumish such Carriages and Men, according to the Warrant aforesaid, who are hereby required to provide and furnifr the fame accordingly: And if any Military Officer or Officers, for the Use of whose Regiment, Detachment, Troop, or Company the Carriage was provided, frail force and constrain any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, to travel beyond the Li (lance specified in the Magistrate's Warrant, or frail not discharge the fame in due Time for their Return Home on the same Day, if it be practicable, or shall suffer any Soldier or Servant, (except such as are sick), or any Woman to ride in the Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage aforesaid; or frail force any Constable, or Petty Constable, by Threatenings, or menacing Words, to provide Saddle Horses for themselves or Servants, or frail force Horses from the Owners, by themselves, Servants, or Soldiers; every such Officer, for every such Offence, frail forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds; Proof thereof being made upon Oath before Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the same County or Riding, who are to certify the same to the Paymaster general, or other respective Paymaster of His Majesty's Forces, who is hereby required to pay the aforesaid Sum of Five Pounds, according to the Order and Appointment under the Hands and Seals of the aforesaid Justices of the Peace of the same County or Riding, and is hereby empowered to deduCl the fame out of such Officer's Pay; Provided always, that in Cases where the Day's March of the Troops frail exceed Fifteen Miles, such further Compensation frail be made and paid in like Manner to the Owners of the said Carriages as frail be deemed reasonable by the Magistrate who granted the Warrant for impressing them, not exceeding the usual Rate and Hire of such Carriages t Provided also, that every Order of the Justices assembled at any General Sessions of the Peace fixing a further Sum to be paid for the Hire of Carriages as aforesaid, in Addition to the customary Rates of One Shilling, and Ninepence, and Sixpence/tfrMi'e respectively, frail specify the Period fer which the same shall be in force, and which shall not in any case exceed Ten Days beyond the General Sessions of the Peace for such County or Diftritft next ensuing the Date of such Order; and a Copy of every such Older ligned by the Chairman or Prefiriing Magistrate, and One other Justice of the Peace or Magistrate at the Quarter Sessions at which the fame frail be made, shall, within Three Days after the making thereof, be transmitted to the Secretary at War; and no such Order frail be valid or effectual, unless a Copy thereof be so signed and transmitted as aforesaid.

LVII. ' And Whereas it may sometimes become necessary, in Cases of Emergency, to provide proper and speedy Means for the Carriage and Conveyance not only of the Arms, Cloaths, Accoutrements, Tents, Baggage,

' and other Equipage of and belonging to His Majesty's Forces in their Marches, but also of the Officers, Soldiers,

Servants, Women, Children, and other Persons of and belonging to such Forces; And Whereas it is expedient

that Provision should be made for enforcing prompt Obedience to such Orders as His Majesty may in such

Cases think fit to issue in pursuance of the Powers by Law veiled in Him for the Advancement of the general

Good and publick Welfare of the Realm; be it therefore further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That it frail be lawful for His Majesty, by His Order, distinctly stating that such Case of Emergency doth cxift, signified by the Secretary at War for the Time being to any General or Field Officer commanding His Majesty's Forces in any JJillritt or Place, or to the Comrr.issary General of Stores and Provisions at Home, to authorize such General or Field Officers or Commissary General as aforesaid, by Writing under his Hand, reciting such Order of His said Majesty, to require all Justices of the Peace within their several Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Cities, Liberties, and Precincts in England, Walts, and Town of Berwick-upon-Tii'et'd, to issue his or their Warrant or Warrants for any of the Purposes herein after mentioned; and such Justice or Justices shall, when and as often as such Requisition in Writing as lait mentioned shall be brought and iliewn unto any One or more of such Justices, by the Quarter-Mailer, Adjutant, or other Officer of the Regiment, Detachment, Troop, or Company, so ordered to be conveyed, or by any Officer in the Department of the said Commissary General, to issue out his or their Warrant or Warrants to the Constables or Petty Constables of the County, Division, Riding, City, Liberty, Hundred, and Precinct, from, through, near, or to which such Regiment, Detachment, Troop, or Company shall be so ordered to be conveyed, requiring them to make such Provision not only of Waggons, Wains, and Carts kept by, or belonging to, any Person or Persons, and for any Use or Purpose whatsoever, but also of Saddle Horses, Coaches, Chaises, and other Four-wheeled Carriages usually let to hire, or kept for that Purpose; and also of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, used for the Carriage of Coals, Stone, Lime, Manure, or of Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, or any other Articles or Commodity whatsoever, upon any Canal or navigable River, with able Men and Horses to drive, navigate, and draw the fame, as shall be mentioned in the said Warrant or Warrants, therein specifying the Place or Distance to which such Horses, Carriages, Boats, Barges, or other Vessels and Men frail go and be conveyed, and allowing such Constable# sufficient Time to make such Provision, that the neighbouring Parts may r.ot always bear the Burthen; and in case such sufficient Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges, or other Vessels, and Men, cannot be provided within any

1i such

G.

r

47° GEORGII III. Sess.r.

C. 32.

57

futh County, Riding, Division. Hundred, City, Liberty, or Precinct, then the next J iftice or Justices of the Peace of the next County, Riling, Division, City, Liberty, or Precirwfl, shall upm such Requisition in Writing as lall aforesaid being brought or shewn to any One or more of them, by any of the Officers aforesaid, issue his or their Warrant or Warrants to the Conlhbles, or Petty Con (tables, of such next County, Riding, City, Liberty, Division, Hundred, or Precinct, for the Purposta last aforesaid, to mak-; up such Deficiency; and the aforesaid Officer or Officers who, by virtue of the aforesaid Warrant or Warrants from the Just ice or Justices of the Peace, are to demand the Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges, or other Vesseta therein mentioned, of the Con liable or Petty Con liable, to whom the said Warrant or Warrants shall be directed, is and are hereby required at the fame 'Time to pay down in Hand to the said Constable, or Petty Constable, for the Use of the Person or Persons who shall provide such Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges, or other Vessels, and Men, such reasonable Sum and Sums of Money, as the said Justice or Justices shall in and by his or their laid Warrant or Warrants order and direct, not exceeding the usual Rate and Hire of such and the like Carriages, Horses, Boat?, Barges, or other Vessel, and Men, according to the Length of the Journey or Voyage in each particular Case, but making no Allowance for Poll Horse Duty, or Turnpike, Canal, River, or Lock Tolls (which Duty or Tolls are hereby declared not to be demandable or payable in such and the like Cases, for any such Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, .whilst employed in such Service or returning therefrem); for which said respective Sum and Sums so received, the said Con liable or Petty Constable is hereby required to give a Receipt in Writing, but without any vStamp, to the Person or Persons paying the fiuiK*; and such Constable or Petty Constable shall order and appoint Lch Person or Persons having such Horses, Carriages, Boats, Barges, or other Vessels and Men, within their respective Liberties, as they shall think proper, tc provide and furnish such Horses, Carriages, Boats, Barges, or other Vessels and Men, according to the Warrant or Warrants aforesaid, who are hereby required to provide and furnish the fame accordingly; and it shall and may be lawful in such Cases, to and for all and every Millitary Officer and Officers, for the Use of whom, or of whoseRegiment, Detachment, Troop, or Company, such Horses, Carriages, Boats, Barges, or other Vessels shall be provided in such Cases, to carry and convey, and permit to be carried and conveyed, on the fame ttspectively, not only the Arms, Clothes, Accoutrements, Baggage, Tents, and other Equipage of such Regiment, Detachment, Troop, or Company, but also the Officers, Soldiers, Servants, Women, Children, and other Persons of and belonging to the fame; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; But if any such Officer or Officers shall force and constrain any Horse, Carriage, Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, to travel or proceed beyond the Dillance or Place to be allowed and specified in such Warrant or Warrants, without the special Licem e or Order of One or more other such Justice or Justices of the Peace in that Behalf, and which Licence or Order One or more of such Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to give and make at his and their reasonable Discretion, every such Officer for every such Offence shall f>rfeit the Sum of five Pounds, Proof thereof being made upon Oath before Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the same County or Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Frecindt, who are to certify the same to the Paymaster General, or other respective Paymaster of His Majesty's Forces, who is hereby required to pay the aforesaid Sum of Five Pounds, according to the Order and Appointment under the Hands and Seals of the aforesaid Justices of the Peace of the same County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Precinct, and who is here by empowered to deduct the fame out of such Officer's Pay.

LVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Waggon, Wain, Cart or Carriage, impressed by Authority of this Alhall be liable or obliged, by virtue of this Act, to carry above Thirty hundred weight; any Thing io this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any High Constable, or Petty Conilabie, shall wilfully nogledl or refuse to execute such W'arrant or Warrants of the Justices of the Peace, as shall be directed unto them for providing Carriages, Horfjs, Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, as aforesaid; or shall demand or receive for the Use of the Owners furnishing such Waggons, Wains, Carts, or Carriages, more than the accustomed Rate per Mile, of One Shilling, Nine-pence, or Sixpence, according tot the Size of the respective Carriages as aforesaid, unless any further Sums, not exceeding the Amount herein-before specified, shall have been previously fixed and ordered by the Justices at any General Sessions of the Peace assembled as aforesaid; or if any Person or Persons, appointed by such Constable or Petty Constable, to provide or furnifti any Carriage, Man, Horse, Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, shall refuse or neglect to provide the fame; or if such Person or Persons, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, shall wilfully do any Act or Thing, whereby the Execution of the said Warrant shall be hi idred or lruftrated, every such Constable or other Person or Persons so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor leis than Forty Shillings to the Use of the Poor of such Parish or Parishes adjoining to the Parish where such Offence Hull be committed, as shall be fixed upon by the Justice or Justices by whom such Of ence shall be enquired of, heard, and determined; And all and every such Offence and Offences shall and may be enquired of, heard, and finally determined, by any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, dwelling in or near the Place where fich Offence shall be committed; who has hereby Power to cause the said Penalty to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, rendering the Overplus {if any) to the Owners.

LX- 4 And Whereas in consequence of certain Exemptions from Toll, expressly allowed by several Acts of Parliament for His Majesty's Force# on their March, or on Duty, and for the Horses and Carriages attending*them, Doubts have arilen whether in all Cases not i*o exempted, the Officers and Soldiers, and the Carnages, and Horses, belonging to His Majesty or employed in His Service, and returning" therefrom, may not be charged with the Payment of Tolls therefore, for obviating such Doubts, it is hereby enacted and

declared, That all His Majesty's Officers and Soldiers, and their Horses, on Duty or on their March, and all Carriages and Horses belonging to His Majesty, or employed iu His Service, and returning therefrom, or

47GXO. III. I employed

Officer*

demanding! Wens shall pay fur their Hire such Sum> as the Justices fli.ilI direct;

Carriages, See# exempt from Tulls.

Constable* fh U give .* Receipt

ui>H, uT>pcd, at.d or<ltr the ii rfcl, See. to he p uvided.

Muir, ry Officers may convey on rnein Arms, Cloaths, \ccoutrcmeats. Baggage, Equipage, Officers, Soldiers, Servant*, Women, Children, and other Personi. Penalty on Officers forcing Hen fts, See. to travel beyond the Di stanee (Verified in Warrant, without Licence 51. No Waggons, See- shall cany above 30 Cwt.

penalty on Constable*, See.* Tr NcgUA,

5 1. to 40*.

O ficers and Soldiers, See. on Duty, and Carriage* employed in His Majesty* Service,

exempted from Payment of ifl oils under any Acts:

unit ft by expref* Pro vi lions.

Boa's thall pay Canal rolls.

Treasurer of the

ct<inty (h-, ii repay

xtraurdinvy Charge* of Cor (tables.

Money for that Purpose m:y be raised by a County Rate.

fc&cers, kc.

tflall Ik-tjuaf ct cd 111 Sco.laotl, under the ^cotcli Laws in force at that Union;

and also Carriages pioviried there.

How Troops are to pay m ovci Feints in Scotland.

Officers and Soldiers shall be quartetod irt Ireland under the Laws in force at that Union. Carriages in Ireland shall be p-uvuied accordingly.

Lord Lieutenant may appoint a Per foil to sign Marching Romes.

C. 32. 47° GEORGII III. Sess.i, A.D. 1807.

employed in His Service, when conveying the Officers, Soldiers, Servants, Women, Children, or other Persons cf or b -longing to His Majesty's Forces, and also the Arms, Clothes, Accoutrements, Tents, baggage, and other Equipage, of or belonging to His Majesty's Forces on their Marches, or returning therefrom, were and are, and fluff be exempted from Payment of any Duties and Tolls other wise demanduble by virtue of any Act of Parliament already made, or hereafter to be made, for Persons, Horses, or Carriages, patting Turnpike Roads or Bridges, unless by fttch Ad it. has been or shall be expressly provided that the said Officers, Soldiers, Carriages, and Horses, are and ttiaft be liable equally with ethers to the Duties and Tolls therein authorised to be demanded and taken: Provided always, that nothing herein contained Hull exempt froi.\ the Payment cf Toll any Boats, Barges, or other VetfeU employed in conveying the Officers, Soldiers, Servants, Women, Children, or other Penons of or belonging to His Majesty's Forces, or the Anns, Clothes, Accoutrements, Tents, Baggage, and other Equipage, of or belonging to His Maj*-tty's Forces, or any Military Stores along any Canal, but the fame shall be liable to Toll in like Manner as other Bunts, Barges, and Vessdsaic liable thereto.

LXI. ( And hercas the reipcC'tive Sums of Money, by this Act appointed to be paid to the Constables by the Officers demanding Inch Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges, or other- Vessels, may not, in many Cales, be

fufucient to anuver the Charge and Expence of providing the fame, insomuch that the said Constables may % frequently be at great Charges, over and above what is received by them of the said Officers, to the great

Burthen of the Township of which he is Con ft able, or el fe the Persons providing such Carriages are grievously oppretted: For Remedy whereof, and that the ibid Overplus Charge may be borne by each County or Riding,

at the general Charge of such County or Riding; be it hurt her enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Treasurer or Treasurers of each respective County or Riding, shall, without Fee or Reward, pay unto such Constable all and every" such reasonable Sum or Sums of Money, so by h'.m paid or 1 dd out for such Carriages, Hones, Boat.*, Barges, and other Vessels, over ai.tl above what was or ought to have been pa'd by the Officer r-nuking such Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges, and other Vesslls, out of the public Slock of such County or Tiding, according to such Rates, Orders, Miles, and Directions, as the said .lattices of the Peace, in their Ov caster SeIkons assembled, within their re.pe(Stive Jiirifdicdions, shall from Time to Time, during the Continuance of this Att, make, direct, and appoint, (which Orders shall be made without Fee or Reward), Regard being always had to the Seaton of the Year, and the Length and Condition of the Ways ]y, and tkiongh which such Carriages. Horses, Boats Barges, and other Vessels, are to travel and pals.

LXII. And in case the said pul: lick. Stock of the County or Riding be rot sufficiriit over and above the oth.'r Purposes for which it was raised) to satisfy the extraordinary Charge of Carnages, Horses, Boats, Barges, and other Vdfels before mentioned, it is hereby further enact'd. That toe laid Justice of the Peace, in the General Quarter Sessions, shall have Power from Time to Time, to mile Monica upon the respective Counties or Ridings, in inch Manner as they now raise Monies for Colin tv Gaols and Bridges, to satisfy the said e .tvaordinary Charge of Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges, and ether Vessels.

LXIII. And be it further enacted hry-the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to quarter Officers and Soldiers in Scotland, in such and the like Places and Houses as they might have been quartered in by the Laws in force in Scotland at the Time of its Union with England; and that the Pottldfor3 of such Houltt shall only be liab'e to furnish the said Officers and Soldiers quartered there, as by the said Laws in force at the Time of the said Union was provided; and that no Officer shall be obliged to pay for his Lodging where he shall be regularly billetted, except in the Suburbs of Edinburgh.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Carriages for the Service of the Forces From Time to Time quartered or marching in Scotland, shall be provided in like Manner, and at the Rates, and the Furnifher of such Carriages shall be paid, as was direct'd by the Law in force in Scotland at the Time of its Union w.th England.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That where any Troops or Parties upon Command have Occasion in their March to pdfs regular Ferries in tha: Part of G> cat 11 v it tun called Scotl r.d, it shall and may be lawful for the Commanding Otticer either to pdfs over with his Party as Pall'engers, or to hire the Ferry-boat entirely to himself and his Party, debarring others for that Time, in his Option; and in calc he shall chuse to take Pall age lor himself and Party as Passengers, he shall only pay for himself and for each Person, Officer, or Soldier under his Command, Half of the ordinary Kate payable by single Persons at any such Ferry; and in case he shall hire the Ferry-boat for himself and Party he shall payHalf of the ordinary Rate for such Boat or Boats; and in such Places where there are no regular Ferries, but that all PaflVngers hire Boats at the Rate they can agree for. Officers, with or without Parties are to agree for Boats at the Rate as other Persons do in the like Cales.

LXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and niav be lawful to quarter Officers and Soldiers in 'Ireland, in such and the like Places and Houses as they might have been quartered iu by the Laws in force in Ireland at the Time of its Union with Great Britain; and that the Polp ffbrsoi such Houses shall only be liable to furnish the said Officers and Soldiers quartered there, as by the said Laws in force at the Time of the said Union was provided.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Carriages for the Service of the Forces, from Time to Time quartered or marching in Ireland, shall be provided in like Manner, and at the Rates* and the Fumilher of such Carriages shall be paid as was duelled by the Laws in force in Ireland, at the Time of its Union with Great Britain.

LXVjII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor for the Time being of Ireland, to depute by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, forne proper Person to lign Routes for the marching of any of His Majesty's Forces in Ireland in the Name of such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor.

470 GEORGII III. Sess. i.

C. 32.

59

LXIX. And for the better Preservation of Game in or near such Place an-/ Officers cr Soldiers shall «t any Time be quartered, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, from and after the said Twenty

United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and upon Complaint thereof shall be, upon Oath of On? or more credible Witivfs or \\ itnefics, convicted before any JoiUcc or Juiliecs of the Pence, who F and are hereby empowered and authorized to hear and determine the fame; that is to say), every Officer so offending shall for rvrry such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, to be distrilmted among the Poor of the Place where such Offence shall be committed; and every Officer commanding in Chief upon the Place, for eve»y such Offence committed by any Soldier under his Command, fnnll forfeit the oum of Twenty Shillings, to b.j paid and distri-but'il in Manner aforesaid; And if upon Conviction made by the Justice? of the Peace, aid D. maud thereof also nude by the Con liable or Overseers of the Poof, such Officer shall ref use or neglect, and not within Two Days py the said rcipective Penalties, such Officer so refuting or neglecting shall forfeit, and he is hereby declared to have forfeited h: s Commission, and his Commission is hereby declared to be null and void.

I.XX. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall receive cniilling Money from any Officer employed on the Recruiting Service, or from any Non-commissioned Officer or Private Soldier belonging to the Recruiting Party under the Command of such Officer, or from any Person employed on the Re cruiting Service, f" m ing an atleited Soldier, fnnll he deemed to be enlisted as a Soldier in His Majesty's Service; provided t, ffiat every such Person io enliited, shall be entitled to all the Benefits herein enacted for the Relief of

1 r -.dd v e iiilting themselves.

\'. i .*>; ied ne vert hole Is. and it is hereby enabled and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That from

2 : .n ir; .1 wenty-fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and leven, when and as often as

-r 1 r*o: , s shall be imifted as a So'dier or Soldiers in His Majesty's Land Service, he or they shall,

onr i; .«y^, but not (ooner than Twenty-four Hours, after such inlilling respectively, be carried before so.rc'Justice of the Peace of any County, Riding, City, or Place, or Chief Magistrate of any City or Town Cerpome, refilling or being next to, Aor in the Vicinity of the Place where f >cli Pc son or Persons shall have brr.k irffiih-d, and not being an Officer in the Army, and before such Justice or Chief Mag: ft rate he or they shall Hat liberty to declare his or their DiiTent to such inlisting; and upon such Declaration, and returning the Ii.lilting Money, and also each Person so dissenting paying the Sum of Twenty Shillings for the Charges expended or Laid out upon him, such Person or Persons so inlilling fnnll be forthwith discharged and set at J.iberty, in the Presence of such Justice or Chief Magistrate; but if such Person or Persons shall refute or negleck, within the Space of Twenty-four Hours, to return and pay such Money as aforesaid, lie or they shall he deemed ar i taken to beenlifted, ns if he or they bad given hir. or their Assent thereto before the said .lullice or Chief Mngiilrate i or if such Person or Persons shall declare hir or their having voluntarily inlided himself or themselves, then fuel: Justice or Chief Magistrate fhaP, and he is hereby required forthwith to read over, or in his own PrdVr.ce canfe to be read over, to such Person or Persons the Third and Fourth Articles of the Second Section, and thr Fir T Article of the Sixth Section of the Articles of War again (I Mutiny and Defection, and to tender and adminillor to such Person or Persons respectively, not only the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the said Articles of War, but also the Gath mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (A.!; and if such Person or Persons Hull take the said Oaths, then such Justice or Chief Mags ft rate shall, and he is hereby required forthwith to certify under his Hand the iniiiting and swearing together with the Place of the f irth. Age, and Calling, if known, of such Person or Persons, in the Form mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed,

Penally /«*» officeii or S Idlers rlcstroying the Game.

£$ foran Officer.

2c s. for a Soldier.

Officer on

Nonpayment

calhieicd.

Person* rrce«vir(f enliitn.g Money (hill I c deemed to be enlisted*

ary 1

v.: : i: i

ninth of His Majesty, and contained in the Schedule to th: s Ad ann-ved, marked (C.; and the Just ice or Chief MAdlrat? shall"certify such Inlistmer, t and Swearing accordingly in the Form mrtiMo.ial in the Schedule to tt.is Art annexed, masked (D.); and if any such Person or Persons, so to be certilFd, shall wilfully refuse to ia-; r the said Until of Side ity before the said Justice or Chief Magi ft rule, ft shall a id may be lawful for such Officer, from whom he has received such Money as aforesaid, to detain or coniine tucii Person or Pen011s until l.e or they shall take the said Orth of Fidelity; and every ?*Ii!it?ry Officer that ll.'il ad contrary hereto, or (Tend herein, ihffil in^ur the like Penalty a; .d Forfeiture as is by this Act to be i/ffihA d upon any Officer for re.king a fa!fe and ur.truc Muller; and ttm Penalty and Forfeitu.e shall be levied and recovered in the fame Mrnntr as any Penalties or So: ftue.res are by this Adtto be le - .ca or recovered.

LXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Person shall receive the Inlisting Money from any such Officer, Non-commiiHoned Officer, Private S >!d: er, or other Per'.on employed on the Recruiting Service,1 knowing it to be fuclF, and shall aufcnnd, or refuse to go before such Justice or Chief Magi (Irate, in order to declare his Affieut or I. iffeut as aforesaid, such Person or Persons shall be deemed and taken to be ialiited to all Intents and Purposes v/hatlower; n: .d find and mnv he proceeded against as if he or they had taken the Oaths directed by this Act to be taken before iueh Justice or Chief Magi (Irate.

LXXIII. And be it further minded. That if any Person^luly bound as an Apprentice, shall inlist as a Soldier in His Majesty's Land Service, and shall (late to'th- Just ice oi the Peace, or Magistrate before whom he shall be carried, that he is not an Apprentice, every such Pertoa so oiicf.ding ftuul be uee.med guilty of a Mifdr-

12 ttcaiior.

Perfms haftity ini sting m tv b« rehrved within 4 D 73, on

returning in tiffing Money and zj s.

Such PersonsHC* paying the Mnty within 24. Hours

deem* d enhfted;

in which Ca'c,

01 it ihev enhd, tiic J u ft ice shall re^d over to them cert.im Section* of the Article* uf War, See. and

administer Oatii of Fideli'V and Oiuh in Schedule A. and ce*tify the Inliffment in Form in cdulc B. Rerrnffs under ^9 G. 3 c. 109. fm cue F; .ff Indi* Service, th ill Mkc Che Uarh of Aik-giance, and the O rb in Schedule C. and he cri tided acco'-rims.; M Schedule D.

Penalty on

Officers ft r Nigkft.

[ W §30.]

P: ions tcfufffT to a ppc 11 before .1 fmt 1 c- shall be dc'-med d»ily indited.

Pen i!tv nn

Apprentice*

intiff ing

tlieinfcivr5, Im»

pruonmcoi| &C*

6o

ta.iften claiming Appt entices fli.dl take the Oath and produce the Certificate in Schedules E. and F.

Matters ef

Apprentice* contenting, may receive Pa»t of the Bounty Money.

Apprentices claimed by their Matters fh.tII be carried before a Justice and com/QJtted.

Justices shall examine on Oatn, and keep the Indenture to be produced on

Trial.

Sucn Offenders f ha 11 he tiled at the nrxt Quarter Sessions.

None but an Apprentice shall be taken out of the Service for .Breach of Contrail,

Servants shall be entitled to Wjge» up to the Time of tnhtting.

Where any Corps beyond Seas shall be relieved 5n order to scrum Home, such of the Men as shall choose bt enlisted a id remain abroad.

Soldiers entitled ro*I>!feh irge abroad, shall be lent Home fice of Exprnc*, with Conduct and Matching1 M ->ney.

50 within the Kingdom.

C. 32. 47° GEORGII III. Sess. i. A.D. 1807.

meaner, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to be imprisoned in any Gaol or House of Correction, and kept to hard Labour for Two Years, and Anil, after the Expiration of his Apprenticeship.be liable to serve as a Soldier in any Regiment of His Majesty's regular Forces; and if, on the Expiration of his Apprenticeship, he shall not deliver himself to some Officer authorized to receive Recruit', may be taken as a Deserter from His Majesty's Forces.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Master shall be entitled to claim any Apprentice who shall, after the passing of this Act, enlist as a Soldier in His Majesty's Land Service, unless such Apprentice shall have been bound to him for the full Term of Seven Years, and unless such Master shall within One Calendar Month after such Apprentice shall have absconded or left his Service, go before some Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, and before such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate take the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (E.) and produce the Certificate of such Justice of the Peace or (Viagistrate of his having taken such Oath, which Certificate such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate is hereby required togive in the Form and Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (F.)

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That any Master of any Apprentice who shall have enlisted as a Soldier in His Majesty's Land Forces, shall, upon his consentingto give up the Indentures of Apprenticeship within One Month after the Inlisting of such Apprentice as a Soldier, be entitled to receive to his own UTe so much of the Bounty payable to such Kecruit, after deducting therefrom Two Guineas, which shall be referred in order to provide the said Recruit with Necessaries, as shall not have been paid to such Recruit before Notice given of his being an Apprentice.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Apprentice who shall be claimed by his Master, Ih iU be taken before a Justice of the Peace or Magistrate of the County, Riding, Livision, City, Liberty, or Place, where such Apprentice shall happen to be when so claimed, and it shall be lawful for such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, and such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate is hereby required, on Proof on Oath of such Person being an Apprentice, and having enlisted and declared that he was no Apprentice, to commit such Person so offending as aforesaid to the Common Gaol of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or I lace, where such Person shall be at the Time when he shall be so claimed by his said Master, there to remain, until he shall be discharged by due Course of Law.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justice of the Peace or Magistrate before whom such Person so offending shall be so taken as aforesaid to examine into the Matters alledged against such Person upon Oath, and which Oath the said Magistrate is hereby empowered to administer; and also to keep in his Custody the Indenture of Apprenticeship, to be produced as Occasion shall require, and to bind over the Master claiming such Person, and any other Persons he may think proper, to give Evidence at the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or Session of Oyer and Terminer, at which the Trial of such Person is herein after directed to be had against such Person so offending.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Offender may and shall be tried at the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or Seftiousof Oyer and Terminer for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Place, wherein the Offence charged shall have been committed, next after such Offender's being brought before such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate as aforesaid, unless the Court shall think fit to put off the Trial on just Cause.

LXXIX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That no Person whatever, except an Apprentice^ who has enlisted or shall enlist himself into His Majesty's Service as a Soldier as aforesaid, shall be liable to be arrested or taken out of His Majesty's Service by reason of the Warrant of any Magistrate or Magistrates on account of any Breach of Contract or Engagement to serve or work for any Master or Employer whatsoever.

LXXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall have been hired to serve any Master for a Year or otherwise, shall, before the Expiration of his Term of Service under such Hiring, enlist into His Majesty's Service, such Person shall be entitled to such Proportion of Wages as the Magistrate shall think pioper from his Master, for the Time he has actually served under such Hiring, notwithstanding he shall have failed, in consequence of such enlisting, in completing the full Term of Service agreed for under Inch Hiring.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Regiment or Company shall be relieved at any Station or Place beyond the Seas, in order to their Return to 6rent Britain or Ireland, it shall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers, thereunto authorized by the Commander in Chief at such Station or Place respe<5i* ively, to enlist as many of the Soldiers belonging to such Regiment or Company, returning to Great Britain or Ireland, J\s shall be willing, and who shall appear to be fit for Service, and to incorporate them in any Regiment or Company which shall be appointed to remain; and every Soldier so enlisted shall be, and is hereby deemed to be, discharged from the Regiment or Company in which he before served; and the Occasion of his quitting such former Corps shall be recited in the cnliiling Certificate; a Duplicate, or an attested Copy whereof, shall be delivered to such Soldier, to protect him from being anyways molested upon Suspicion of his having deserted.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That every Soldier entitled to his Discharge under any Order or Regulations made by His Majesty, or upon the Expiration of any Period for which he shall have engaged to serve, shall, if then serving abroad, be sent to Great Britain or It eland, free of Expence, and be entitled on his Return to, and have and receive Marching Money, from the Place of his being landed to the Parish or Place in which he shall have been originally enlisted, at the Rate per diem fixed for Victualling Soldiers on the March, reckoning Ten Miles for each Day's March; and every Soldier so entitled to his Discharge, who shall be discharged at any Place in the United Kingdom, other than that in which he shall have been attested, shall be entitled to the like Marching Money, from the Place of his Discharge to the Place ofliis Attcllation as aforesaid.

7*LXXXIII.*And

A.D. 1807. 47° GEORGII III. Sess.i.

G. 32.

61

LXXXIII. 'And Whereas several Soldiers, bring duly lifted, do afterwards desert, and are often found wan- Any Justkt may deri lp, or otlurwii'e absenting themselves illegally from His Majesty's Service, it is hereby further enabled. That commit it: haiiar.d may be lawful for the Con liable, Headborough, or Tithingman, of the Town or Place where any Desertwra*

Person, who may be reasonably suspected to be such a Deserter, shall be found, or for any Officer or Soldier in H: $ A ajeiiy'j Service, to apprehend, or cause such fufpt&ed Person to be apprehended, and to bring or cause him to be brought before any Justice of the Peace, living in or near such Town or Place, who hath hereby Power to examine such fufpccled Person; and if, by his Confession, or the Testimony of One or more Witness or W.'tm-lics upon Oath, or by the Knowledge of such Justice of the Peace, it shall appear or be found that such suspecU-tl Person is a lifted Soldier, and ought to be with the Troop or Company to which he belongs, such Justice ut the Peace shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the Gaol of the County or Place where he shall be found; or the House of Correction, orother public Prison, in such Town or Place where such De[erterftndl bcappvehended; or to the Savoy, in case such Deserter shall be apprehended within the Ciy of London or Wepninjler, or Places adjacent; or to the Provost Marshall in case such Deserter shall be apprehended within the City or Liberties of Dul'in, or Places adjacent; and transmit an Account thereof to the Secretary at War for the Time being in London, or if the Deserter be apprehended in Ireland, to the Chief Secretary to the Chief Governor or Governors, thereof, to the End that such Person may be removed by an Order from the Office of the said Secretary at War, or Chief Governor or Governors, and proceeded against according to Law; And the Keeper of every Gaol, House of Correction, or Prison, in which such Deserter shall at any Time be confined, shall receive such Subfilienee for the Maintenance of such Deserter during the Time that he shall continue in his Custody, as by His Majesty's Regulations is or shall from Time to Time be directed in that Behalf, and shall be entitled to for every Twenty-four Hours iinprisonment of such Deserter; and the Keeper of every Gaol, House of Correction, or other publick Prison of the City, Town, or Place at or in which the Party or Person conveying such Deserter shall halt on the March, shall, and he is hereby required to receive and confine every Deserter who shall be delivered into his Charge and Custody by any Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier who shall be conveying such Deserter under any lawful Oder, Warrant, or Authority while on the Road from the Place where he was apprehended to the Place to which he is to be conveyed, without any other Warrant or Authority for so doing than the Production of the Warrant of the Justice of the Peace, on which such Deserter shall have been taken or some Order from the Office of the Secretary at War, or of the Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, and shall be entitled to One Shilling on Account of the Imprisonment of the said Deserter; any Law, Usage, or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXXIV. And, for the better Encouragement of any Person or Persons to secure or apprehend such Reward far Deserters from His Majesty's Service, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Justice of the UP

Peace shall also issue his Warrant, in Writing, to the Collector or Collectors of the Land Tax Money of the D'^cru'r,

P?rish or Township in Great Britain where any Deserter shall be apprehended, or in Ireland, to the Collector or Collectors of His Majesty's Revenue in the Dilliicl where any Deserter shall be apprehended, for paying out of the Land Tax Money or Revenue arisen or to arise, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven, into the Hands of such Person or Persons as shall apprehend, or cause to be apprehended, any Deserter from His Majesty's Service, the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every such Deserter as shall be apprehended and committed: which Sum of Twenty Shillings shall be satisfied by such Collector or Calledlors to whom such Warrant shall be directed, and allowed upon his or their Account.

LXXXV. Provided alvrays, and be it enacted, That if any Person shall harbour, conceal, or affill any Penalty for TMerter from His Majesty's Service, knowing him to be such, the Person so offending shall forfeit, for every concealing such Offence, the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and upon Conviction, by the Oath of One or more credible Witness Dfifc/Icrk £ or Witncfks, before any of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, the said Penalty of Twenty Pounds shall be levied, by Warrant under the Hand of such Justice of the Peace, by Diihefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender; One Moiety of the said Penalty to be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety to be paid to the O.ficerto whom any such Deserter did belong; And in case any such Offender, who shall be convicted as aforesaid of harbouring, concealing, or aifilling any such Deserter, shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattels thereon Ditlrefsmay he made, to the Value of the Penalty awarded against him or her for such Offence, or shall not pay such Penalty within Four Days after fu Hi Conviction, then, and in such Case, such Justice of the Peace Holland may, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, commit such Offender to the Common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for t]ie Space of Six Months: 1 rovided also, that if any Person shall know- Penalty fori ingly detain, buy, or exchange, or otherwise receive from any Soldier or Deserter, or any other Person, upon ^ce'ving a.ij account or Pretence whatsoever, any Arms, Clothes, Caps, or other Furniture, belonging to the King, or ^Soicnei!* ary Meat, Drink, Beer, or other Provision, provided under any Regulations relating thereto, or any such 01 Defence, ice, Articles bylcn^ing to any Soldier or Deserter, as .\e generally deemed Regimental Necessaries, according to .£5. the Cullom of the Army, being provided for the Soldier, and paid for by Deductions out of his Pav, or cause the Colour of any such Clothes to be changed, the Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of live Founds; or if any Person shall buy or receive any Oats, Hay, Straw, or other Fornf e, provided For buying or (or the Ufeof any H*.rfe or Hovfes, belonging to His Majesty's Service, from any Dragoon, or ( i-er Soldier, reccmnS knowing him to be such, or shall move, procure, counsel, illicit, or entice any Dragoon, or t.her SoMier, H

knowing him to be fu h, to fell or otherwise dispose of any such Gats, Hay, Straw, or other Forage as aforesaid, Majesty* the Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of I; ive Pounds; and upon Conviction, by Service, ij. the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, the said respective Penalties of Five Pounds, and Five Pounds, shall be levied by Warrant under the Hand of such Justice of the Peace, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, One Moiety of the said W-mentioned Penalty cf Five Pounds to be paid to the Informer, and One Moiety of the f«ud IniLracntioned

Penalty

r 5 M-nttn Inpriloi nitnt.

Penalty on Officer breaking open any House wii outWarranf, £20.

Justices way grant an Ixrcrfion of Furlough to any Non-comraiffroned Offic-r or Soldier applying for tMe fame, on Account of Siikncfsj Sec.

Ko Volunteer

liable tv> Process Unicfs for feme criminal Ma.tcr;

or for a real T)ch\ of the Value oi «£ko, proved on O.ith before a Judge;

and a

Memorandum thertof marked on the Back of the Pruccis.

Plaintiff irtay file a Common A ppcarance.

C. 32. 47° GEORGII III. Sess. r. A.D. 1807.

Penalty of Five Pounds to be paid to the Informer, and the Residue of the the said respective Penalties to he' aid to the Officer to whom any such Deserter or Soldier did belong; and in case any Cuch Offender who shall e convicted as aforesaid of having knowingly received any Arms, Cloaths, Caps, or other Furniture, belonging to the King, or any such Meat Drink, Beer, or other Provisions, or any such Articles generally deemed Regimental Necessarie3, or of having caused the Colour of such Clothes to be chauged, or of having bought or received any Oat?, Hay, Straw, or other Forage, provided for the Use of any Korfe or Horses belonging to His Majesty's Service from any Dragoon or other Soldier, knowing Kim to be such, or of having moved procured, counfclled, solicited, or enticed, any Dragoon or other Soldier, knowing him to be such, to fell or oth -wife dispose of any such Oats, Hay, Straw, or other Forage, as aforesaid, contrary to the Intent of this Act, shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattels whereon Bistress may be made to the Value of the Penalties recovered against him or her for such Offence, or shall not pay such Penalties within Four Days after such Convitftion, then, and in such Case, such Justice of the Peace shall and may, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, either commit such Offender to the Common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for the Space of Three Months, or cause such Offender to be publickly or privately whipped, at the Discretion of such Jail ice.

LXXXVI. Provided always, That no Commission Officer shall break open any House to search for Deserters, without Warrant from a Justice of the Peace; and that every Commission Officer who shall without Warrant from One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, (which said Warrants the said JuiPce or Justices are hereby empowered to grant), forcibly enter into, or break open, the Dwelling House er Onthonfes of any Pf'cibn whomsoever, under Pretence of searching for Deserters, shall, upon due*roof thereof, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

LXXXVII.*And Whereas Soldiers, absent from their Regiments on Furlough granted to them by their Commanding Officers, are sometimej prevented by Sicknrfs, or other unavoidable Cafiuky fro n returning to their Duty before the Expiration of the Time limited by such Furlough, and Doubts hav* ari.cn wh-r-T?*, ir. < such Cases, the Extension of a Soldier's Furlough by a Justice of th P^ace. be fmaftf'"-ffi ro- 1 ?*. AmAerify,

and effectual for preventing such Soldier from being apprehended upon Sub -.effiu of his having drfc-and his

Regiment; be it further enacted, That any Justice of the Peace m: i, a d'^uvbv dir mv'-d to gwvit in Writing under his Hand, an Extension of Furlough to any Non-co; nudffi f. f^i.r o Sol her a y»lying for the fame, on Account of Sickness, or other Cnfualty, which to such Jf :. v.: A, o> due 'S >qu ry, appear to render Inch Extension necessary; and that such Non-comnulli vncd O ii*': vh; L 1^during tic- Period to which his Furlough shall have been so extended as aforesaid by n Justice of !: < i'-e- .'lull not be liable to be apprehended or otherwise molested on the Ground of his having dele ,ied tv- ivr., r. nt to which he shall ap]>ear by his Furlough to belong, or of criminally absenting himself from the 5 me: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained drill be construed to exempt any Non-comnvffi; .Offizer or Soldier, whole Furlough shall have been so extended gs aforesaid, from being proceeded against, .md pMin.inffi acco.'dirvr to the Provikcns of this Act, should it thereafter appeal-that such Non-commihi vned Officer or Soldier had obtained the Extension of his Furlough by false Representation made to the Justice of the IVace, or, in applyi 4g for and obtaining the fame, had committed any Offence to the Prejudice of good O-derand Military Discip ice.

LXXXVIII. And, to prevent, as far as may be, any u.ijofl or fraudulent Arrests that may be made upon Soldiers, whereby His Majesty and the Publick may be deprived of their Service, it is hereby further ensiled by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person whatsoever, who ir, or shall be lifted, or who shall lift and enter himself as a Volunteer, in His Majesty's Service as a Soldier, shall be liable to be taken out of His Majesty's Service by any Process or Execution whatsoever, other than for some criminal Matter, unVfs for a real Debt, or other just Cause of Action; and, unicfs, before the taking out of such Pro eB or Execution (not being far a criminal Matter), the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein, or fotr.e other Person or Persons on his or their Behalf, shall make Affidavit, before One or more Judge or Judges of the Court of Record, or other Court, out of which such Process or Execution fli-ill issue, or before some Person authorized to take Affidavits in such Court!*,

that to his or their Knowledge the original Sun4, ju!l)v due and owing to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, from the Defendant or Defendants, in the Action, or Cause of Action, on which such Process shall issue, or the original Debt for which such Execution fhailbefued out, amounts to the Value of Twenty Pounds at lea ft over and above all Costs of Suit in the fame Atlion, or in any other A cl ion on which t he fame shall he grounded; a Memorandum of which Oath shall be marked on the Buck of such Process or Writ; for which Memorandum or Oath ro Fee fhnilbe taken: And if any Person shall nevertheless be arrcfled contrary to the I ntent of th s Act, it shall and may be lawful for One or more Judge or Judges of such Court, upon Complaint thereof made by the Party himself, or by any his fuprrior Officer, to examine into the fame by the Oath of the Parties or otherwise, and by Warrant under his or their Hands and Seals, todischarge such Soldier so arrested contrary to the Intent of this Act, without paying any Fee or Fees, upon due Proof made before him or them, that such Soldier, so ar reded, was legally in Idled as a Soldier in liis Majesty's Service and arrofled contrary to the Intent of this Act; and nlfo to award to the Party so complaining such Colls as such Judge or Judges shall think reasonable; for the Recover)' whereof he shall have the like Remedy that the Person who takes out the said Execution might have had for his Costs, or the Plaintiff in the like Action might have had for the Recovery of his Colls, in case Judgement had been given for him, with Costs, against the Defendant in the said Action.

LXXXIX. ' And, to the End that honest Creditors, who aim only at the Recovery of their just Debts due to them from Persons entering into and lifting in His Majesty's Sendee, may not be hindered from filing for the fame, but on the contrary may be assisted and forwarded in their Suits; and instead of an Arrest, which may at once hurt the Service, and occasion a great Experice and Delay to themselves, may be enabled to proceed in

a more easy and cheap Method; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be Lawful to and for any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, upon Notice first given in Writing of the Cause of Action to luck Person or Persons

47° GEORGII II1. ScfT.i.

C. 32.

63

ciV.y.

c ithlcted, -»nd far cii £ 1 oo,

1 d D ima^-s I via 1*1 by b ile uf 1»i vG oodi: or l*c iiapulwOCd

6 Maim.*.

N 'n-rornmlilioa

0*5. vis

t -nbi tiling S iUiu r's P., y, fcc. «h -ll bt KU-ted, 4cc.

Fedor, : so e.itered, or left at his or their lufl Place of Residence before such Lifting, to file a common Appear' a ce iu a; .y Addori to be brought for or upon Account of any Duht whatsoever, so a> to entitle such Plaintiff U proceed therein to Judgement and Outhwiy, and to have an Execution thereupon, ocher than against, the L-dy or Rudies of him o. them so lifud as aforesaid; this Act, or any Thing herein, or any former Law or Lal-ite, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XC. And be it e.iaded by the Authority aforesaid, That, from the passing of this Atl, no Soldier, being Soldiers confined an-clted or confined for Debt in any Prison, Gaol, or other Place, shall he entitled to any Part of his Pay fro m Dii '*> u'>il

the Day uf such Arreil or Confinement, until the Day of his Return to the Regiment, Troop, ov Company, no: lc'"'

D which he (h.dl belong.'

XCI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every' Commission Officer, Storekeeper, O'Ticrr or CommiiTary, that shall embezzle or misapply or calife to be embezzled or misapplied, or shall wilfully or t c,

throughNeulccl suffer any Provisions, Forage, Arms, Clothing, Ammunition, or ether Military Stores, to be Miiiuiy Sm.cs, ipobei or damaged, upon Proof, thereof upon Oath made by Two Witnesses, before a General Court-martial, rtltl , )c (winch is hereby authorized and required to administer such Oath) shall be forthwith difiniffed His Majesty's Service, and forleit the Sum ot One hundred Pounds; and is hereby required to make good, at his own be.cnee, the Lois and Damage thereby sustained, to be ascertained by such Court-martial, which ft.all have Povorto fei/e the Goods and Chattels of the Person lo odemling, and fell tlioin for the xPavment of the said Ou hundred Pounds, and such Damage; And if sufficient Goods and Chattels cannot be found and seized, ther. the Redon so offending shall be committed to Prison or the Common Gaol, there to rovain for ix Months uni'out bail or Mainprize, and until he shall pay such Dr*: i: ienc.y; and after the said Sura Hull be recovered and lt'.aJ, the lame shall be applied and thfpoled of as Id; s Majelcv (ha 1 direr! and appoint.

XClh And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Non commission Officer, who shall be car.uckd, at a General or Regimental Court-martial, o\ having ember./led or milapphed any Money with cinch he ir.ay lnve been entrulled ft>r the Payment of the Men under his Command, or for infilling Men rnto 1H MujeUy's Service, shall he reduced to serve in the Ranks as a Private Soldier, and be put under Stoppages u t.l the Money be made good, ur.d fuller such corner..! Pu.-ilhiment (not extending to Life or Limb) as the Cau-vnuTiil Audi think tit.

XCIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said Twenty-fourth No P.iymaficr,

Itiyot 2Lr./j One thousand eight hundred and seven, no Paymaster General or Pay mailer of the Army. Pay- ih-lt iw.ikc

mdleriiftlieMnr.es, Secretary at War, Coin miliary, Muller Mailer, Paymaster of a Corps or Dill riel, or ^Cll)uctlvja oul any other Officer whatsoever, or their Under Officers, shall receive any Fees, or make any Deductions whalfo- c ij* ever out of the Pay of any Officer or Soldier in His Majesty's Army, or from their Agents, which shall grow vkv't: onv and aft. r the Lid Twenty-fourth Day of March One thouhmd eight hundred and seven, other than th.- usual Deductions allowed by His Majesty's Regulations, and such other necessary Deductions as shall, from Etcrpiian* Tix.etj ime, be directed by His M ljctly, under His Royal Sign Manual.

XCIV. And, f, .r the Encouragement of the due and well clothing of the Troops, be it hereby further Tre-fn.v may tuucd, That the Lord High Tseafuivr, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, may, if "J0-p "c> he or they he coincident, at the Paid of every Two Months, ilhie the Money due for the Clothing of the blJ'u'/ fvvrJ Regiments, Troops, and C n panes, scotwitnllnnding the Muller rolls have not been duly returned; and tic n-lpHlive Paymaltirs are hereby directed to make Deductions of all Off-reckonings# and to pay the P<ymatter shall Lr.e to fuel* lV.no.1 or Perfor.s oiily as have a regular Alignment for Clothes by him or them delivered to the bd Regiment, Troop, or Company; and the Receipt of inch Person or Persons having or being lawfully Uif-icckoningt. e..tdl(.d to such Assignmont, to be. from Time to Time tal.cn for the fame; and when no such Alignment

[.pears, the Oft-ieekonin s to remain in the Hands of the said Pay mailer respectively, for the Use of the

Rvgment, Troop, or Company, until a new Contract for Clotliing, and Alignment, is made.

XCV. And be it further enactid, 'Fuat if any Paymaster, Agent, or Clerk of any Garrison, Regiment, Ageres, fcc.

Tr» of, or Company, fit ill unlawfully detain or withhold, by the Space of One Month, the Pay of any Officer rOttccri

or Sddkr (Clothes and all other just Allowances being deducted, ', after such Pay shall be by him or them |^'cr* ^'ay received; or if any O.l eers, having received their Soldiers Pay, shall reftife to pay each Non-commissioned dlicr.ar^cd and 0 Cirand Soldier their respective Pay, when it shall become due, nccoMing to the several Rates established by furuu-tion.

Hi> Majestyb Orders, then upon Proof thereof before a Court-martial as aforesaid, to be for that Turpose duly b id and summoned, every such Paymaster, Agent, Clerk, or Officer, so offending, shall be dileharged from ki Employirtnt, and shall forfeit to the Informer upon Convidliou before the said Court, One hundred Pounds, to be levied as aforesaid; and t he Informer, if a Soldier (ft he demands it) shall be, and he is hereby-dileharged born any further Service; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XCVI. Ancl, Hr the better Execution hereof, and that a true and regular Account may be kept and Agents rendraM by the Agents of the several Regiments and Independent Troopr and Companies, the said Agents are <1iKbcy ing-hereLv required and directed to observeiuch Orders and Directions as shall from Time to Time be given by His Orders shall

Mjj?!\v, under His Sign Manual, or by His Majesty's Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland) or by the Lord r*, lc'a'^c Trvifu.er, or Comnv.fiioners of the Treasury for the Time being; and if any Agent shall lefufe or neglect to ( bier, e and comply with such Orders and Directions, he shall be dileharged from his Office, and be utterly c.l ibl 'd to have or hold any such Office in His MajestyN Service.

XCVII. 4 And Whereas great Inconvenience has arilen to His Majesty's Service from Person*?, not authorised Penalty on Ageut; uf Regiments, Troops, or Companies negotiating for the Purchase and vSale of Comiuifilons, and much unjiri»uu*cd 'bnger Sumr. than are allowed by Elis Majesty's Regulations are often given and received for Commissions, and t^e

'great Frauds committed, ' be it therefore enacted, That every Person not an authorized Agent of an) Regi- 1

Troup, cr Cowpaxy, who shall aegoeiate or ad as Ag \.t for or in relation to the Purchase or Sale of Comru.flLr;,

3 or fitc.

6 4

C. 12.

47° GEORGII III. SdT.r. A.D. iPoj.

Pay mart m, &c» ih.ill account wiiii Executors.

iQflictr', ice. of tl>e 1'rains of A'tnlery, &c. fvlI)jvCl to this Act.

any Commission in His Majesty's Forces, and also every authorized Agent as aforesaid, who shall take, accept or receive any Commission or Sum of Money, or Reward, for negotiating the Purchase or Sale of any such Commission, oradingasan Agent in relation thereto, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and Treble the Sum which shall be given or received for or in relation to any such Commission, over and above the Sum allowed by His Majesty's Regulations.

XCVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every prefect and future Paymaster, Agent, or Clerk, of any Garrison, Regiment, Troop, or Company, who is or shad he liable to account with any of the Executors and Administrators of every Officer or Soldier, for any of the Pay of such Officer or Soldier by him or them received, shall, on reasonable Demand made by such Executor or Administrator, deliver a just and true Account to any such Executor or Administrator of such Sum or Sums of Money as he or they shall have so respectively received for such Officer or Soldier, and for which they ou ght so to account as aforesaid, such Executor or Administrator paying for the same; and shall account with such Executor or Administrator for the fame; and that every such Paymaster, Agent, or Clerk of any Garrison, Regiment, Troop, or Company, offending herein, shall forfeit the like Penalties, and to be recovered in like Manner as appointed by this Act, for such Colonels or Agents not giving due Accounts of or for the Pay of the said Officers or Soldiers, to and for such Officers and Soldiers themselves.

XCIX. 4 And Whereas it may otherwise be doubted whether the Officers and Persons serving in the Royal ' Artillery, and those hired to be employed in the Trains of Artillery, or the Officers serving in the Corps of

Royal Engineers, or the Officers and Persons serving in the Corps of Royal Military Surveyors and Draftsmen,

4 or the Corps of Royal Military Artificers and Labourers, or the Master Gunners, and Gunners under the

Ordnance, be within the Intent and Meaning of this Act; ' it is hereby enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That the Officers and Persons serving and hired to be employed, or who shall serve and be hired to he employed in the Royal Artillery, and in the several Trains of Artillery, and all Officers serving or who shall serve in the Corps of Roial Engineers, and all Officers and Persons serving or who shall serve in the Corps of Royal Military Surveyors and Draftsmen, or in the Corps of Royal Military Artificers and Labourers, and all Mailer Gunners, and Gunncis who now are or shall be under the Ordnance, shall be at all Times subject to all the Penalties and Punishments mentioned in this Act, and shall, in all Respects whatsoever, be holden to be within the Intent and Meaning of every Part of this Act, during the Continuance of the fame, and shall be quartered and billetted together with the Horses employed for the Service of the said Corps in the fame Manncraud under the same Penalties and Regulations as are directed by this Act to be obferred in quartering aijd billetting the Officers, Soldiers, and Horses of His Majesty's other Forces; and all Innkeepers and others on whom the Officers and Persons serving in the said Corps, and the Horses employed therein. shall be legally quartered, refilling to receive and provide for them as is directed for the Officers, Soldiers, and Horses of r.is Majesty's other Forces, shall be subject to the same Penalties as in the Case of His Majesty's other Forces.

C. 4 And whereas great Mischief and Inconvenience mayarifeif it/bould be doubted whether Troops in Pay, and or hi rTroopt«rai fed ev serving in any of His Majesty's Provinces, Governments, Colonies, or Dominions, or in Coin trie*, the Mitui Liw*Colonies, or Places in Possession of or occupied by His Majesty's Subjects, or any Forces of His Majesty, are, when laving*'while under the Command of any Officer having a Commission immediately from His Majesty, liable to the fame under a British Rules and Articles of War, and the same Penalties and Punishments, as His Majesty's other Forces are subject to : To prevent such Mischief., and to remove all Doubts, be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Officers and Soldier? of any Troops, being mustered and in Pay, which have been or are or shall be raised or serving as aforesaid, shall at all Times and in all Places be liable to Martial Law and Discipline, in like Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as His Majesty's other Forces are, and shall be subject to the fame Trial, Penalties, and Punishments.

CI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall extend to all Serjeants and Non-commissioned Officers or Persons employed on the Recruiting Service, receiving any regular Pay in respect of such Service; and all such Serjeants and Non-commissioned Officers and Persons employtdon the Recruiting Service, receiving any regular Pay in respect of such Service, shall be liable to Martial Law and Discipline, in like Manner to all Intents and Purposes as His Majesty's other Forces, and be subject to the fame Trial, Penalties, and Punishments.

Cl I. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, all Negroes purchased by or on Account of His Majesty, Hi8 Heirs and Successors, and serving in any of Flis Majesty's Forces, And) be and be deemed and taken to be free, to all Intents and for all Purposes whatever, in likp Manner in every respect as if such Negroes had been born free in any Pait of Flis Majesty's Dominions; and that such Negroes shall also to all Intents and Purposes whatever, be considered as Soldiers having voluntarily inlisted in Flis Majesty's Service. CIII. Provided always*, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained, as toenliftj.ig for any of s«riv.c<* under limited Periods of Service, or contained in any other Act as to any Rules or Regulations for the granting any thb .\6\ (fre Pensions or Allowances to any Soldiers discharged, after certain Periods of Service, shall extend or be deemed

Schedule.* ) orconitrued in any V anner to extend to any Negroes purchased by or oil Account of His Majesty, His Hrirs

C and Successors, audffcrving in any of liis Majesty's Forces.

no extend, c to Ne^roc*.

Office s , »d CIV. 4 And Whereas the Officers and Soldiers of the said Troops, being taken Prlfoners, are frequently sent

Svk» ,of such*over to Great Britain in a very distressed Condition; And whereas their Pay is not sufficient to provide them Tr>p> la.i«y<r < nf.CefTiry Lodgings and Accommodations; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That during the lh uViuTr Conti nance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Constables, and other Civil Magi ft rates within England a'd huxited a* Wales, anil the Town of Berwick ufion-1'weed, to quarter and billet the Officers and Soldiers of such Troops f M.ije'H'1 iu al fuel'. Houfrs as are liable by this Act to receive the Officers and Soldiers of His Majesty's other Forces; ibci Kircci. a..d the said Constabks and other Civil Magistrates are hereby required to quarter and billot the Officer* and

Soldiers,

All "Provincial

Officer,

'Rvrruiring Strjc.mts, &c. subj- dt to the Piov ifi ji s of this Act.

K-groei serving ass S> ldia; Ih.Ul

be deemed liie.

Limited Periods

*5

A.D. 1807. 47b GEORGII III. Sess. i. C. 32.

Soldiers of such Troop?, in the same Manner, and under the fame Regulations and Penalties, as are directed by this Act to be observed in quartering and billetting the Officers and Soldiers of His Majesty's other Forces; and ail Persons on whom the Officers and Soldiers of the said Troops shall be legally quartered, refufrog to receive and provide for them, as is directed for the Officers and Soldiers of His Majesty's other Forces, shall be subject to the same Penalties as in the Case of His Majesty's other Forces.

CV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained fhaTI extend, or be any shall not ways con (trued to extend, to concern any of the Militia Forces or Yeomanry o* Volunteer Corps in Great Britain extend 10 tie or Ireland, or in Jersey, Cuernfey, sfldrrney, Sari, or Man, of the I Hands thereto belonging, excepting only Mini or in such (Me wherein, by any Act or Acts for regulating any of the Militia Forces or Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps in Great Britain or Ireland, the Provisions contained in this Act, or in any Act for punishing Mutiny PXpressly end Dcf.ition, which shall be then in force, are extended and meant to take place in respect to the Officers and dir d d by Soldier* of ffie Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; and also except so far as relates to the mustering of the said fX'rt> & Att. Militia Forces according to the Provisions herein after mentioned..[S* §106.]

CV1. Ai d for the better ak'ertaining the Number of effective Men, of the Regiments of Militia, when Mit: u and embodied and in aftu?l Service, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the Dafling of Ft- cibK* wne* this Act, every Regiment or Corps of Militia and Fencible Men, when embodied and in actual Service, shall be JJJ, L^rcgYlVrlf regularly mustered by ComHiifianes appointed for that Purpose, in the same Manner and as often as the Rest of uiukr

the Army is r.fually mustered; and the Magistrates shall have the fame Powers and Authorities, and both thes Act*

Officers and Men shall be subject to the fame Regulations, Restrictions, and Penalties, as are imposed on the Others and Soldiers of the Rest of the Army by virtue of this Act.

CVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be confirmed to extend to Tn what Caf« the Hands of Jersey, Guerfifty, Alderney, Sark, and Man, and the Islands thereto belonging, as to the Clauses ^rfc

therein for muttering and paying, and to the Provisions fortlie Trial and Puniltiment of Officers and Soldiers, who Q^"nfa.

shall he charged with Mutiny or Desertion, or any other of the Offences which are by this Act declared to be

puuifhable by the Sentence of a General, or Garrison, or Detachment, or Regimental Court-martial; and also to the Clauses which relate to the Punishment of Persons who shall conceal Deserters, or shall knowingly buy, exchange, or otherwise receive any Arms, Clothes, Caps, or other Furniture, belonging to the King, or any stich Aitides generally deemed Regimental Necessaries, from any Soldier or Deserter, or who shall cause the Colonrtof Inch Clothes to be changed,

CVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action, Bill, Plaint) or Suit, ^Cl shall be brought against any Person or Persons, for any Act, Matter, or Thing, to be acted or done in pursuance of this Att, it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every Person and Persons, sued as aforesaid, to plead thereunto the General Issue, that he or they are not guilty, and to give such Special Matter in Evidence to the Jury which shall try the Issue; which Special Matter being pleaded had been a good and sufficient Matter in Law to have discharged the said Defendant or Defendants of the Trespass or other Matter laid to his or their Charge: And if the Verdict shall pass with the said Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein become Nonsuit, or suffer any Discontinuance thereof; that in every such Case the Justice ^>r Justices, or such other Judge, before whom the said Matter shall be tried, shall, by force and virtue of this Act, allow unto the Defendant or Defendants his or their Treble Costs, which lie or they shall have sustained Treble Cort: . byreasonof their wrongful Vexation in Defence of the said Action or Suit; for which the said Defendant or D^lViu.ants shall have the like Remedy as in other Cases where Costs by the Laws of this Realm arc given to Defendants.

CIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Bill, Plaint, Action, or Suit against AH Suit* shall any Person or Persons, for any Act, Matter or Thing to be acted or done in pursuance of this Act, cr against any Member or Minister of a Court-martial, in respect of any Sentence of such Court, or of any Thing done by virtue or in pursuance of such Sentence, shall be brought in some of the Courts of Record at Westminster, or in Dublin, or the Court of St ffion in Scotland, and in no other Court wrhalsoever.

CX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, in any Part of PIi« Majesty's Dominions, Prairies «*i directly or indirectly, persuade or procure any Soldier or Soldiers in the Service of His Majesty, His Heirs or P^if n»

SucLfflbrs, to desert or leave such Service as aforesaid, every such Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid, s iltmia and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit to His Majesty, His Heirs or Sue- ^eVcit Uc.jCico ccffors, or to any other Person or Persons who shall iue foi the fame, the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and if it shall happen that any such Offender so convicted as aforesaid, hath not any Goods and Chattels, Z^ands or Tenements, to the Value of One hundred Pounds, to pay and satisfy the fame; or if from the Circumstances A d in ermia

and Hrinoufuefs of the Crime it shall appear to the Court before which the said Conviction shall be made as*

aforesaid, that any such Forfeiture is not a sufficient Punishment for such Offence, it shall be lawful for such*

Court to commit any such Offender to Prison, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Twelve Months, without Bail or Mainprise, and aKo to stand in the Pillory for the Sr.ace of One Hour, in feme Market Town next adjoining to the Place where the Offeree was committed in open Market there, or in the Market Town itielf where the said Offence was committed.

CXI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties by this Act imposed, for persuading or procuring any Su-v Penalr'et Soldier to desert within that Part of Great Britain called England, mav and shall he sued for, and be recoverable fb fl be

in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and for such like Offences as shall be committed >c'a»vt C«u!»

in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be sued for and recoverable in His Majesty's Courts of

of Exchequer in Scotland; and for such like Offences as shall he committed in Ireland, shall be sued for and recoverable in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Dullin', and for flnv such like Offences as shall be -coour.iurd m any of the Dominions of His Majesty, shall and may be sued for and recoverable in any Count

47 Geo. III. K of I

66

C. 32.

470 GEORGII III. Sess. i. A.D. 1R07.

Pccrvny of

Pen It ic*» in i relabel, Alderney, nd M^n.

Limitatien cf Actions lor Pen.iitics btx ^rlonths.

Offences against former Mutiny A a fh .11 be pumth.iiilc under ihis A a.

Limitstioti of Piolcciit.on for iucii Otfences Three Years.

Form of Conviction.

Continuance of tkM Act.

of Record of His Majesty, in the Place where the Offence shall have been committed; and for such like Offence as shall have been committed within the Island of Guernsey, the same shall be ft; cd for and be recoverable in the Royal Court of Guernsey; and for such Ounces as shall be committed within the Island cf Jersey, the same shall be sued for and be recoverable in the Royal Court of Jersey; any Thing contained in an Act passed in the First Year of King George the Full to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CXII. And be it further enacted, That for such of the said Offences as shall be committed within that Pait of the United Kingdom called Ireland, the Penalties herein eRafted dull be sued for and be recoverable in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Dublin; and for such of the said Offences as shall be committed within the Isles of Alderney and Sari, the Penalties herein enacted Hull be sued for and be recoverable in the Royal Court of Guernsey; and for such of the said Offences as shall be committed within the Ilk* of Matty the Penalties herein enacted shall be sued for and be recoverable in any of the Courts of Record in the said l/land, or in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

CXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no such Action dull be brought, or Prosecution earned on by virtue of this Act, for the Penalties aforesaid, unless the fame Le commenced within Six Months after the Offence is committed.

CXIV. And in order to prevent all Doubts that may arise in relation to punishing Crimes and Offences committed against former Acts of Parliament made in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, for punishtig Mutiny and Defer lion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, or against any of the Articles of War made and established by virtue of the fame; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Crimes and Offences which have been committed against any Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion. and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, or against any of the Articles of War made and established by virtue of the fame, shall and may, during the Continuance of this Act, be enquired of, heard, tried, and determined, adjudged, and punished, before and by the like Courts, Persons, Powers, Authorities, Ways, Means, and Methods, as the like Crimes and Offences committed against this Act may be enquired of, heard, tried, determined, adjudged, and punished: And the Proceedings of a Court-martial upon any Trial, begun under the Authority of such former Act, shall not be discontinued by the Expiration of the fame, but it shall be lawful to proceed to Judgement upon such Trial, and to carry such Judgement into Execution, in like Manner as if the Proceedings had been commenced under the Authority of this Act.

CXV. Provided always, That no Person shall be liable to be tried and punished, for any Offence against any of the said Acts, or Artirles of War, which shall appear to have been committed more than Three Years before the issuing of the Commission or Warrant for such Trial; unless the Person accused, by reason of his having absented himself, or of feme other manifest Impediment, shall net have been amenable to Justice within that Period; in which Case such Person shall be liable to be tried at any Time not exceeding Two Yeat s after the Impediment shall have ceased.

CXVI. And, for the more easy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it enacted, That in case any Person shall be convicted of any Offences by which they shall become liable to any of the pecuniary Penalties under this Act, the following shall be the Form of Conviction;

1 County of 1 TVE it remembered, That on the Day of in the Year of cur Lord

5 JD at in the County aforesaid, A.B. came before me [or us]

One or Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the said County, and informed me [or us],

upon Oath that G II. of on the Day of

c now Iaft past, at in the said County, did (herefet forth the FaB in the Manner

c deferiled in the Statute); whereupon the said G. II. after being duly summoned to answer the said Charge,

appeared before me [or us] the said Justice [or JusticesJ on the Day of at

in the same County, and having heard the Charge contained in the said Information,

declared that he was not guilty of the said Offence; but the fame being fully proved upon the Oath of 1 /. K. a credible Witness, it mauifcftly appears to me [or us] the said Justice [or Justicesj, that he the said

G. H. is guilty of the said Offence charged upon him in the said Information. It is therefore considered and adjudged by me for us,] the said Justice for Justices], that he the said G H. be convicted, and I [or we]

dv> hereby convict't him of the Offence aforesaid; and I [or we] do hereby declare and adjudge that the said

' G.H. hath forfeited the Sum of for the Offence aforesaid, to be distributed

' as the Law directs, according to the Statute in that Case made and provided.

i Given, et cetera

CXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be and continue in force, within Great Britain, from the Twenty-fourth Day of March, in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and seven, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March, in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and eight; and shall be and continue in foice within Ireland, from the Thirty-first Day of March, in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and seven, until the First Day of April in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and eight 5 and shall be and continue in force in Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney? Sark, and Alan, and the Islands thereto belonging as to such Parts thereof as relate to those Places respectively, from the Thirtieth Day of April in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and seven, until the First Day of May in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and eight 5 and shall be and continue in force within the Garrison of Gibraltar and in His Majesty's other Dominions, or elsewhere beyond the Seas, from the Twenty-fourth Day of March in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and eight, until the Twenty fifth Day of March in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and nine.

A.D. 1807. 470 GEORGII III. SelT.f. C. 32.

CXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act, so far as relates to the Allowances to be made for the quartering of Soldiers and providing for their Horset, or for the Provision of Carriages, Horses, Boats, Bar<re«, or other Vessels, and Men, may be altered and varied by any Act or Acts to be made ia this Session of Parliament.

SCHEDULE (A.)

FORM OF OATH.

Ido make Oath, that I am or have been (as the Case may he, ffate Oempation, if any, or fate if of none'], and to the best of my Knowledge and Belief was born in [Jl^te County Purify Place, &e J a^d that I am of the Age of Years; that I do not belong to the Militia,

or to any other Regiment, or to His Majesty's Navy or Marines, and that I will serve His Majesty for the Period of [This Blank to be filled up by the Magistrate with Srven Tears for

Infantry, Tnt Tears for Cavalry, and Twelve Tears for the Artillery, if the Person entijhng is of th: Age cf Eighteen lean or upwards; but if under Eighteen Tears, then the Difference between his Age and Eighteen to be added to such Seven, Ten, or Twelve Tears, as the Case may be] Years, provided His Majesty should for so long require my Service; and also for such farther Term, not exceeding Six Months, as shall be directed by the Commanding Officer On any Foreign Station, and not exceeding Three Years as shall be direffed by any Proclamation of His Majesty: Provided always, that in the lattei Case the said additional Periud shall determine whenever Six Months of continued Peace, to be reckoned from the Ratification of any Definitive Treaty, shall have elapsed subsequent to the Expiration of the said [Seven, Ten, or Twelve as the Case may be] Years.

SCHEDULE (B.)

FORM OF JUSTICE'S CERTIFICATE.

1 A. R. One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of (or Chief

Magistrate of)do hereby certify that C.D. appearing to be Yeart

old, Feet Inches high. Complexion, Eyes, Hair,

came before me at on the Day of One thousand eight hundred and

and dated himfe'f to be of the Age of Years, and that he had no Rupture,

and was not troubled with Fits, and was no ways disabled by Lameness, Dcafness, or otherwise, but had tht* perfect Use of his Limbs and Hearing, and w as not an Apprentice; and acknowledge that he had voluntarily cnl^cd himself for the Bounty of to serve His Majesty King George the Third, in the

Regiment of commanded by and did engage to ferte

for the Period of [This Blank to be filed up by the Magistrate with Seven Tears for

Infantry, Ten Tears for Cavalry, and Twehe Tears for the Artillery, if the Person missing is of the Age of Eighteen Tears or upwards; but if under Eight cenTears, then the Difference between his Age and Eighteen to be added to such Seven, Ten, or Twelve Tears, as the Case may he] Years, provided His Majesty should for so long require his Sendee j ami also for such further Period as His Majesty shall please to diretf, not to exceed in any Case Three Years,

ii.d to determine whenever Six Months Avail have elapsed of continued Peace subsequent to the Expiration of the Term of [ Seven, cr Ten, or Twdve] Years. And I do hereby certify, That in my Presence the Third and fourth Articles of the Second Section, and the First Article of the Sixth Section of the Articles of IVaragainst Mutiny and Desertion were read over to him, and that he took the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the said Articles of War, and also the Oath above set forth; and that he received the Sun of on Ling attested, and that I have given to the said C.D. a Duplicate of this Certificate, signed with my N: nc.

SCHEDULE CC.)

OATH OF ALLEGIANCE, 39 Geo. III. c. 109.

A.B. being erlifte- to serve, either in His Majesty's Troops, or in the Forces of the East India Company, according as His M.ftvfty ih.ftl think, fit, do fv'Cir, That I will bear true Allegiance to our Sovereign Lord Ki.vsT Crrge, and that I wall, as in n: y Duty bound, defend him in His Person, Crown, and Dignity, against all H: s Enemies; and that so long as I shall remain in His Mayfty's Service, I will duly observe and obey His Majesty's Ordtrs and the Orders of the Generals and Officers set over me by His Majesty 5 and that if His Majesty shall phase to appoint me so serve in the Forcer, of the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Ir I.es, then I swear that I will also be true in the said United Company, and will duly olk-rve and obey ail their Orders, and the Orders of their Generals and Officers who shall be lawfully fetrr me.

K t SCHEDULE

67

Act, in Part, may he alt-.red thi, Setfion.

[irr r<y>. 54.J

68

C. 32 — 35. 47# GEORGII III. Sess. t; A.D. 1Scf.

SCHEDULE (D.)

1 T One of His Majesty's Justicea of the Peace of certify*

To wit. 3 That aged Years Feet Inches high

Complexion, Eyes, Hair, came before me at on the Day of

One thousand eight hundred and and acknowledged that he had voluntarily enlistecf

himself for the Bounty of to serve either in His Majesty's Army, or in the Forces of the East India Company, according as His MaieHy shall think fit to order. And I further' certify, That in my Presence, the Third and Fourth Articles of the Second Session, and the Tirfi Article of the Sixth Session of the Artie1*.* of War, again! Mutiny and Desertion, were read over to him 5 that he took the Oath of Allegiance nreferibed by the AS. of 30 Geo. III. c. 709. to be taken instead of the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the said Articles of War, and also the Oath above set iorth; and that he received the Sum of

on being atte(led.

SCHEDULE (E.)

FORM OF MASTERS OATH.

T of do make Oath, That I am by Trade a and that

was bound to fe/ve as an Apprentice to me in the said Trade, by Indenture, dated the Day of

for the Term of Years; and that the said did on or about the Day

of abscond and <juit my Service without my Coufent, and that, to the bell of my Knowledge and

Belief, the said is aged about Years. Witness my Hand, at the

Lay of One thousand eight hundred and

Sworn before me at this 1

Dav of One thousand eight hundred and V

SCHEDULE (F.)

FORM OF JUSTICE S CERTIFICATE.

7 T A. B One of His Majesty Justices of the Peace of certify. That

To wit J of came before me at the Day of One thousand eight hundred and and made Oath, that he wa9 by Trade* and that was bound-

to serve as an Apprentice to him in the fame Trade by Indenture, dated the Lay of for the Term of Years; and that the said Apprentice did. on or about the Day of

abscond and quit the Service of the said without his Coufent, and that to the bed of his Knowledge

And Belief the said Apprentice is aged about Years. A. A

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces "while on Shore.

[.23d March 1807.]

[This A cl is similar. in all Respeffs, {except the Dates) to 46 Geo. 3. c. 8. — Fee the References there. — Continuance of An in Great Britain z$tb March j8o8. — In Ireland 1st April 1808.]

e [45 G. 3. c. ix, S.]

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for continuing, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eight, an Act of the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for allowing, under certain Restrictions, the bringing a limited Quantity of Coals, Culm, or Cinders, to London and Westminster, by Inland Navigation.

[23d March 1807.]

[This An. is .he fame in all Respells, (except the Date)y as 46 G. 3. c. 104. hj which the An 45 G. 3. was previously continued.]

CAP. XXXV.

An Act to secure the Payment of the Duties on Licences granted to Persons in Ireland dealing in Excise.ible Commodities.

[25th Match 1807.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make Provision for the securing the Payment of the Duties on Licences

to Persons in Ireland dealing in Exciseable Commodities; and engaged in the several Occu atwns

herein after mentioned, and to regulate the granting of such Licences in Manner herein after mentioned

Be it there ore enacted, by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lori* Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of

A.D. 18>oj, 470 GEORGII III. Seff r*. C*55*

ren, an p. }. Ci j, _ 7/0» of rep?il, c xc P*

motioned, shall br, and the fame is hereby repealed, e cept so far as may concern or relate to the prufecuting, incurred, suing for, recovering, or levying any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture for any Offence against the said Avii committed: on or before the said Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight Certain Licences

hundred and seven it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Ta esin Ireland\ or for rn, vh granted' any One of them, or for any Person or Persons to be for that Purpose appointed by the said Commffioriers, or by , B-

any Three of them, to grant any Licence or Licences to any Person or Persons in Ireland, for any of the respective pc*r/ons*C'C> Purposes herein after mentioned; that is to say, appointed bj

To manufacture Tobacco in any Manner; v them*

To deal in unmanufactured Tobacco, except as a WhoTefale Importer onlyg

To fell by retail, or otherwise deal in Coffee; except Importers thereof, or Persons licensed to fell Tea Otf-Grocenei;

To manufacture Candles and Soap, or either of them for Sale;

To manufacture Paper Hangings for Sale;

To fell Paper Hangings not being the Manufacturer thereof;

To keep a Still or Stills to rectify or compound Spirits and Strong Waters;

T > keep a Mill or Mills for making Paper;

To Lrew or make for Sale any Liquor called Sweet* or Made Wlnet $.

To make Methegli.i or Mead for Sale;

To make Vinegar for Sale;

To ftllTia and Groceries, or either of them (including Foreign Grapes, Fore: gn Currants, Raiffns, and

Fig', by Retail;

To f 1! or make Gold or Silver Plate;

To k*c; h fan Ynd or Tan Pit, or to tan Leather;

To drefi H deg and Skiiis in Oil;

To make Vellum or Parchment;

To [r i Spirituous Liqu.u*3 in uantities not less than Two Gallons, and not exceeding Fifty Gallons;

To fell Home-made Spirits on Commission or otherwise, in Quantities not less than Fifty Gallons, the Person lo felling not being a licensed Dtlliller;

To fell Spirits not being Home-made Spirits, on Commission or otherwise, in Quantities not less than Fifty Gillons, the Person so felling not being an Importer of such Spirits;

To exercise the Trade or Business of a Brazier or Workcr.in Brafe, Tin, Copper, or other Metal, for making of Si ills, btill Heads, and Worms of Stills;

To keep a Malt House and make Malt for Sale, or to be used in any Brewery or Distillery;

To fell Malt, the Party felling the fame not being licensed to make Ma.lt;

To brew Strong Beer, Porter or Ale, or Small Beer, for Sale;

To keep a Tavern, Hotel, Club House, or Coffee House;

To fell by Auction;

To make Glass Bottles or other Vessels or Uter.fils of common Bottle Metal;

To exercise the Trade or Calling of a Hawker, Penlar, Petty Chap.r.an, or other trading Person, going from.

Place to Place in Ireland, and traveling either on Foot or with Horse, or other Beast of Burthen, or otherwise carrying tu Cell, or exposing to Sale, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, and also to travelling T inkers, and Cailort of Iron and Metal, and to Persons hawki.ig about Tea or Coffee for Sale;

To carry on the Trade of a Coaehmaker, or Maker of any Carriage chargeable with Duty j

To carry on the Tmde of selling Carriages char'cable with Duty by way of Auction or on Commission;

To let to Hire any HoHe for the Purpose of travelling Poll by the Mile, or from Stage to Stage;

And that no such L'cence shall be granted by any Person or Persons other than the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any One of them, or by some Person or Persons for that Purpose appointed by the said Commissioners or any Three of them; any i hing in any Act or Acts to the contrary somthflanding,

III. And be it further enacted, That in all such Licences shall be contained and frt forth the Purpose of 'Contents of fuefr such Licence, the Name and Residenee of the Person or erfoas to whom the same shall be granted, with the Licences.

Date of issuing the fame, and the Time for which the fame shall be in force, in such Manner and Form, as

may from Time to Time be for that Purpose directed by the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes im

Inland; and the several Collectors of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ire1 and, in their respective ritlricls, or any CuUe<£b>rs may

other Person or Persons appointed for that Purpose by the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, ^cences on

or by any Three of them, shall and may, upon the Payment of the Duly payable by Law on such Licences, payment of

toother with the further Sum of One Sh.lling in the Pound on the Amount of such Duty sign and grant such Duiv, and it*.

Lktncet, in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, shall from Time to Time diredb, to in ibo Found*

the Person paying the said Duty, and the said Sum of One Smiling in the Pound thereon, without any further

Fee or Reward whatsoever*

r

CoUeflor shall account far rf>c it. per ^oUnfl, r* wr*U as the Dufy.

Comimianee of Licences.

Licences to Partners.

Penalty on exercitingTrade, &c. without being liceiiled 5ol.

Person^reqniring to bt licensed shall d. lives a Note o* their Karnes, See,

Penalty on forging Licences, &c. 50 I.

Partners licensed (hah put up fioauiN of their Trade* Penalty Kui.

Brewers

Uiiltccnfed (h11 fuiiett Utt.-lils and Beer.

Bond to be entered mio by JBitwcif,

C, j5. 47° GEORGII III. Self. 1. A.D. 1807.

IV. And be it further euaded, That every Celk£tor and other Person authorized to grant such Licences, and to receive the fak! Sum of One Shilling in the Pound on the Amount of the Duty payable in respect of such Licence as aforesaid, shall keep a separate Account thereof, and shall account for, and Audi remit and pay the Amount of the said Sum of One Shilling in the Pound, at the same Time, and in like Manner, as by Law fuclji Collector or other Person ought to account for, remit, and pay the said Duty, and under such other Regulations as the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes shall from Time to Time direct; any Law, Usage, or Custom totne contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That the several Licences aforesaid shall continue in force until the Twenty-fifth Day of March next after the Date of such Licences respectively, and no longer, except such Licences as shall be granted to Brewers, Makers of Malt, and Rectifiers or Compounders 01 Spirituous Liquors, which shall respectively continue in force until the Twenty-ninth Day of September next after the Date thereof, and no longer.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That Persons in Partnership, and carrying on Trade or Business in one House or Shop only, shall not be obliged to take out more than One Licence; and that no one Licence which shall be granted by virtue of this Act, shall authorize any Person or Persons to whom the fame dull be granted, to deal in, make, manufacture, fell, or keep for Sale, any of the Articles or Things herein-before mentioned, in any other House or Place than the House or Place mentioned in such Licence as the Hoi fe or Place wherein he, she, or they respectively did deal in, make, or manufacture, or fell, or keep the said respective Articles or Things at the Time of granting such Licence.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every such Person aforesaid shall take out such respective Licence before such Person shall deal in, make, manufacture, fell, or keep for Sale as aforesaid, or expose to Sale any of the said respective Articles and Things, -or carry on any Business, Profession, Trade or Calling, for which a Licence is required; and if any Person shall deal in, make, fell or keep for Sale, any of the said respective Articles or Things, or shall exercise any such Business, Profession, Trade, or Calling, without having taken out such Licence respectively, and having the fame in force, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person requiring any such Licence, shall deliver to the said Commissioners of Inland Evcife and Taxes, or to the Person or Persons authorized to grant such Licences, a Note in Writing, setting forth hi*, her, or their Name or Names, and Place or Places of Abode, specifying the House or other Place, and the Situation thereof, where such Person or Persons is or are xkfirous to be lice n fed

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall Forge, alter, or counterfeit, or shall cause to he forged, altered, or counterfeited any Licence for any of the Purposes aforesaid, or shall produce or make use of, or causeto be produced or made use of as a true Licence any such forged, altered, or counterfeited Licence, or any Paper purporting to be a Licence in force and not being such Licence in force, every such Person shall for $very such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

X And be it further enacted, That every Person in Ireland who shall deal in, fell, make, or manufacture any Article, or keep any Manufactory', Place, or Tiling, or exercise, or carry on any Trade, Business, or Calling, or do any Matter or Thing in this Act mentioned, and for which a Licence is required by Law, shall cause to be painted on a Board, with Letters publicly vifirble and legible, at least One Inch long, in White upon a Black Ground, or Black upon a White Ground, his, her, ov their Name or Names respectively, at full Length and after such Names, the Words " Licensed,' adding thereto, to fell/' or Ci to manufacture, " or " to deal in, " or 4i to brew, " or 4i to make/' the Article or Thing, or " to keep, " the Manufactory, Place, or Thing, or to carry on and exercise, " the Trade, Business, Profession, or Calling, on account of which the Party shall be so licensed, as the Case may require, specifying the Article, Thing, Manufactory, Place, Trade, Business, Profession, or Calling which such Person shall by such Licence be empowered to deal in, fell, manufacture, brew, make, keep, or carry' on or exercise respectively, in such Form of Words as may from Time to Time be directed by the said Commissioners of Inland Excile and Taxes, or any Three of them; and such Person shall also cause the said Board to be affixed in some conspicuous Place on the Outside of the Front of his or her House, Shop, or Manufactory respectively, not more than Tlitee Feet from the Top of the Shop Dcor, or Front or Outside Door of such House or Manufactory; and every fudi Person shall preserve and keep up some Board so painted, during the Continuance of such Licence, or in Default of affixing such Board, cr keeping the fame, so affixed, every such Person shall forfeit respectively, for every such Offence the Sum of I en Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall brew Strong Beer, Porter, or Ale, or Small Beer so* Sale, without having taken out such Licence as by this Act is directed, or without having a Licence for that Purpose of Force, every such Person or Persons besides forfeiting the Sum of Fifty Pounds as aforesaid, shall forfeit all Coppers, Vei'.els, XJtcnfils, awl Materials for brewing-; and all Totter or Stroner Beer, or Ale, or Small Beer found in the Possession of such Person, shall be forfeited and may be seized by any Officer of E^cife.

XII. And be it further enacted, That no Licence shall be given to any Person to brew Strong Beer, Porter, or Ale, or Small Beer, for Sale, unless such Person shall have first entered into a Bond to His Majesty, His H eirs and Successors, in the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with Two sufficient Sureties in the Sum of One hundred Pounds each, to be approved of by the Person issuing such Licence, conditioned that such Brewer shall not use any Raw or Unmalted Corn in brewing any Beer, Porter, Ale, or Small Beer, and shall not let out to Hire or lend any Brewhouse, Brewing Pan, or Utensil for Brewing, for the Purpose of brewing Beer, Porter, or Ale, or suffer any Person to use the Brewhouse of such Person, or airy Brewing Fan or other Uunlil for brewing therein*

A.D. 180y.

47d GEORGII III. SfelT. i.

7*

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person licensed to brew Strong Teer, Porter, or Ale, or Small Penalty m Boer, foe Sale, shall let out to Hire or lend any Brewhouse, Brewing Pan, or Utensil for brewing, for the ienduig Brew. Purpose of brewing Strong Peer, I^orter, Ale, or Small Beer, or shall lufler any Person to use his or her Brrwhouse, or any Brewing Pan, or other Utensil for brewing therein, every inch Person so letting out to lent

H.re, or lending or iutfering to be used any such Brewhouse, Brewing Pan, or Utensil, and the Person to whom fh J c urfe-icrf,

the same shall be let out to Hire, or lent, or Ly whom the same shall be used, shall respectively forfeit the Sum and diner ( any

ot Ten i ouuds; and every Brewing Pan or other Utensil which shall be io let, lent, or used, shall be forfeited, jnf'*r, «m8 ^all and may be seized; and it shall and may be lawful fur the Person or Pciions so Jetting out to Hire, or lending e* cnin, ttc<* or suffering to be used, any Brewhouse, Brewing Pan. or Utensil, or for the Person cr Person a to whom the same shall be let out to Hire or lent, or who shall make use of the fame, (as the Case may be) if summoned as a Witness on the Part of the Informer, (or if the Person or Persons so letting out to Hire, or lending such Lrewhouse, Brewing Pan, or Utensil, or the Person or Persons to whom the facie shall be so let oat or lent, or by whom the same shall be used, shall be the Informer or Informers), to give Evidence upon the Trial of any Suit, upon any such Bond or any Information for any inch Penalty or Forfeiture, and in case of Judgement upon any such Bond, or Conviction upon such: Information, the Person or Persons so giving Evidence shall be dtfehar^ed of and from the Penalties by him or her incurred.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Licence shall be given to any Person as a Hawker, Pedlar, of Petty If^krrsn<f Chr.pman, or other trading Person going from Place to Place in Ireland, travelling either on Foot or with aHorfe, IVdfm (h.ill, or other Bead of Burthen, or otherwise, carrying to fell or espoling to Sale any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, Prcv, ', s tokcmf or to any travelling Tinker cr (JaHer of Iron and Metal, or to any Person hawking about Tea or Coffee for Jfu'eir

Sale, ur.less such awker, Pedlar, or Petty Chapman, shall at the Time of applying for such Licence, declare i^, f, !)Cr* to the

to the i erlon to whom such Hawker, Pedlar, or Petty Chapman, shall apply his or her Name or Names, Age Peri'un aid Place or Places of Abode? and also how and in what Manner such Hawker, Pedlar, or Petty Chapman intends empjwrred so to liauk, travd, and trade, whether on Foot or with One Iiorfc, or how many Horses or other Bead or Beallsr 't°c

tif Bullion; and if any such Declaration, or any Part thereof, shall be false or untrue, the Party making the vntUth* fame shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and the Person granting such Licence is hereby required to insert Cjile&or. in such Licence, or to indoife tlereon, the Age, Places of Abode, and particular Description of such Hawker,

Pedlar, or Petty Chapman, to whom, and the Date when such Licence shall be granted; and no such Licence

/hall be valid, or be deenitd a Licence within the Meaning of this Act unless such Indorsement thereon, or Entry,

therein shall be respectively made in Manner aforesaid; er if any such Indorsement or Entry shall be made in con-

sequenceof any such false or untrue Declaration as aforesaid.

XV. And He it further enacted, That all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize in respect whereof or of any of Gnorfs earned them, any Person or Persons is or are required to take out a Licence which shall be carrying or carried about or*, ld b7 f*r Sale, or sold or exposed to Sale by any Person who shall not have a Licence, or shall not on Demand of Licence*

a ly Jjfuce of the Peace, or any Officer of Excise, produce a Licence in force, shall be forfeited, a; d may be fol fencd; lviicd by any such Justice or Officer; and if any Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman or other Person shall not pcn.ilry on no* upon Demand made by any Peace Officer, or Officer of Excise, produce or /hew immediately unto inch Officer producing tcinanding the fame, his or her Licence or Licences for trading in force; every inch Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Licence 40s. Chapman, or other Person, being thereof duly convicted before any One of His Majesty's Juiliees of the Peace for the Comty or Place in which such Offence shall be committed, shall forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings, to be k.-d by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any such Justice otthe Peace; the same to he paid Informer, and for Non-payment thereof such Offender shall be committed to the Com. mo: i Gaol or I ionic of Corrcftien, for any Time net exceeding Three Week3 nor less than Tew Days. 7

Wife or Child, or Apprentice or Apprentices, Journeyman or Journeymen, Mailer or Mitlrefs, at any public ArncIcHof,

Fair, Market, or elsewhere, nor to prevent any Cooper, Glazier, Plumber, Tinker, or Harness Maker, from ti.eii own goin^ about in order to exercise their proper Trades, or from carrying with him or them proper Materials for M.«mixture*Mcrciting the fame, nor to prohibit any Person or Persons from carrying about manufactured or unmanufactured "r°rvc^Cr*(')&C" Wool, woollen or worlled Goods, or from exposing the same to Sale in any Fair, Market or other Place; nor ^rc\(c t|»c, r to prohibit or refirain any Person or Persons from felling or exposing to Sale, in anyplace or Places whatsoever, Trades; nor any any Flax, Tow, Hemp, Flaxen Yarn, or Thread, or any Manufacture or Article made in Ireland, of Flax or Person born of Cotton, or of both or either mixed or unmixed, so as such Person or Persons shall not at the same Time carry 'n?l^°°pr°r cr expolc to Sale any other Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, other than such as they are hereby allowed to carry p)^' °rnd tod e'pose to .Sale reflectively. Lmtn Go d*.

XVlt. And be it further drafted, That if any Question shall arise, whether any Goods, Wares, or Merchan- Proof that Ooorft' dize, seized by virtue of this Act, are of the Growth or Manufacture of Ireland, the Proof that they were of such ate lie

Growth or Manutacture, shall be upon the Owner or Claimcr of such Geods> and not on the Officer who shall on tbcCbimcr. ltize the same.

XVIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend, - Act ftnll not erbe con it rued to extend, to give any Power for liceufing any Hawker or Pedlar, or Petty Chapman, to fell prejudice oreipfc to Sale any Wares or Merchandize in any City, Borough, Town Corporate, or Market Town in or^rations. Ireland, otherwise than such Hawker, Pedlar, or Petty Chapman, might have done before the passing of this Act; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

And

72

Person* felling elU where lhan within their <i«n 4ioufe.«9 6cc. themed Hawkua.

Separate Licences for evny Sc: van*, icl and H.le.

Travellers wtlh Metal Goods liab'e to only 4cs. Duty, tlu ugh h: »vi; >g Tn »rt* tiun One iioi fe.

E.ich Foot L'concc shall extend only to c Cwi. and >lorfe Licence to 3 Cwr.

Penalty on lending Licence, ForfvCuic of L'ct ce and Goods.

Bond of P.uties licensed to tell Saints to; u y Quantilu s of1 wo Gallon* and upwards.

Penalty on Periods {citing in Quantities iefs or gicater than their Licence allows.

C. 35. if?" GEORGII III. Sess. i. A.D. 1807.

XIX. And Le it further enabled, That all Persons who shall convey Goods, Wares, or Merchandize in respect wlit roof, Hawkers, Pedltns, or Petty Chapmen, would, under the Provisions of this Act, require to be licensed, and fell and expose the fame in Shops, Kocms, Warehouses, or other Places, in Cities. Towns, and Places, where they are not usually resident, and ail Pet tons who shall carry and convey such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize -to publick Streets and Places, in the Cities, Towns Corporate, and other Places in Jre'and, where they respectively reside, not adjoining to their Dwelling Houses, or other Apartments, and fell and expose the same to Sale, upon Stalls, Stands, Si'.eds, Booths, Bulks, or other Places; and also Persons under the Denomination of Teat her tellers, or Leather Cutters, who hawk about from Town to Town, or sell or expose in Cities or Towns Corporate, and in Fairs, Markets, or other Places, any Parcel or Parcels of Leather in Booths, Stalls, Standings, -or otherwise; and all Persons who shall in any Place in I el n \ except in the City of Dublin, or within Fire Miles thereof, hawk about old Clothes, or sell or expose to Sale old Clothes, in any Stall, Shed, Booth, Shop, or -other Place, shall be deemed Hawkers, Pedlars, or Petty Chapmen, and shall be subject and liable to alhand every the Provisions, Penalties, and Forfeitures by Law enacted, or to be enabled, respecting Hawkers* Pedlars, cr Petty Chapmen.

XX. And be it further enacted, That every Hawker, PcdLr, or Petty Chapman shall take out a separale and distintl Licence for each and every Person who shall be employed, whether Servant or other Person ia Company or otherwise with such Hawker, Pcdhr, or Petty Chapman to carry any Boxes, Bundles, or Parcels jof Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, separate or distinct for the Purposes of felling or trading with the fame; andlfo that every Hawker, Pedlar, or Petty Chapman, subject to a Licence for an Horse, or Bead or Beasts of Burthen, shall take out and pay for a separate and diliudt Horle-Licence for each Horse or Bead of Burthen, and every Person, whether Servant or otherwise, for whom a separate and dillindt Foot Licence shall net be taken out in Manner1 aforesaid; and every Hawker, Pedlar, and Petty Chapman who shall not take out a separate Horse*Licence for each and every Horse or Beall of Burthen which he or she shall make use of or drivet shall be subject and liable to all and every the Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act intiidled upon Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, and others trading without Licence.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person who shall carry about any Pots or Griddles mane of Call iron or Cad Metal, or shall expose the same to Sale in any Fair, Market, or other Place, so as such Person shall not at the same Time carry or expose to sale, other Goods, Wares, or Merchandize than such Pots and Griddles (had be subject for his or her Licence to a greater or higher Duty than Forty Shillings, though such Person or Persons (half or may travel with One or more Horse or iiorfes, or other Beall or Bealls of Burthen.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That no more Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall by virtue of this Adk# be hawked about for Sale ai: aforesaid, than One hundred Weight fcV each Fool Licence, nor than Eight blimbed Weight for each Horle or other Bead of Burthen Licence, including the Packages or Boxes in which such Goods may be so carried respectively, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and that if any Person shall respectively carry or cause to be carried more than the foregoing respective Weights, such Person shall forfeit for each Hundred Weight exceeding the above, the Sum of Twenty-eight Shillings, and so in Proportion for any lefTer Quantity.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Licence to any Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman, or other trading Person, shall be lent to any Person, or be used by any Person other than the Person to whom the fa T.e shall be granted, such Licence from thenceforth shall be void and of no Effect \ and all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize found in the Possession of the Person udng the same shall be foi-feited, and may be seized by any Just ice of the Peace or any Officer of Excise.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Licence shall be granted by any Person to sell Spirituous Liquors in any Quantities whatever not Iefs than Two Gallons, unless the Person applying for the lame shall have entered into Security by Bond, to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, with Two sufficient Sureties in the Sum of Two hundred and fifty Pounds each in case such Person shall be licensed to fell in Quantities not Iefs than Fifty Gallons; and in the Sum of Two hundred Pound.) with Two sufficient Sureties in the Sum of One hundred Pounds each, in case such Person shall be licensed to fill in Quantities not more than Fifty Gallons, which Sureties respectively shall be approved of by the Person granting such Licence, and which Bond, the Person granting such Licence is hereby empowered to take for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, conditioned that the Party so to be licensed shall not fell or deliver out any Spirituous Liquors in any Quantity at One Time Iefs than Two Gallons or in any Quantity greater than that in which the said Party shall be licensed and authorized to fell, and that such Person so to be licensed shall not fell any Liquors to he used or consumed in his or her Hoafe or Premises, and that such Person so to be licensed shall not knowingly receive or fell, or permit or fufifer to be received or fold, for his or her Use or Benefit, Account or Profit, any Spirits, the full Luties chargeable whereon have not been paid, or which shall not have been duly and legally permitted and attended with proper Permits to him or her, and that such Person so to be licensed shall not nor will knowingly fell or deliver any Spirits to any Person selling Spirits by Retail, unless such Person shall be duly licensed thereto; Provided always, that no Person shall be received as a Surety in any such Bond, unless be shall prove upon Oath to the Satisfaction of the Party granting such Licence, that lie is an HousehoMer, and worth the Sum in which he shall be Surety, above all his just Debts.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person in Ireland, except a licensed Retailer, shall fell any Spirits in any Quantity iefs than Two Gallons, or if any Person in Ireland exce pt a licensed Distiller, or a Person licensed to fell Spirits in Quantities not Iefs than Fifty Gallons, shall fell any Spirits in any Quantity greater than Fifty Gallons, such Person shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

7 3

A.D. 1807. 47° G E ORGII III. Self. C. 35, 36.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person licensed to sell Spirituous Liquors in any Quantities wh f ^n»lti«oi»

ever, Hull knowingly receive or fell, or permit or fuller to be recc'ved or folJ, for his or her Use or Benefit, Account Hcorfrrt

or Profit, or in his or her House or Premises, any Spirits, the full Duties chargeable whereon shall not have been paid,

or which ih.l nut have been duly and legally permitted and attended with proper Penniis, such Person Audi forfeit having port

the Sum of len Pounds, and any Licence before such Time granted to such Person, shall, upon Conviction for such Duty, &c.

C{fence, become absolutely void and null; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Inland i<*1 Evcileand Taxes, to cause to be inserted in the Dublin Gazette, and in such Provincial Papers in Ireland, as they shall ture>( licence, think proper, Notice of the Penalties inflicted for such Offence by this Act; and also from Time to Time to cause to be inserted in such Gazette and Provincial Papers the Name and Names of all Parties whose Licences shall have become void in consequence of any such Conviction; and if any Person so licensed shall fell any Spirituous Liquors after such icence shall have become void in Manner aforesaid, such Person shall be liable to all such Penalties and Forfeitures as are by Law inflicted on Persons selling Spirituous Liquors without Licence.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, Thai if any Person, not being a licensed Retailer, shall fell any Spirituous Penalty on

Liquors, to be used or consumed in his or her House or Premises, every such Person shall forfeit lor every such Whole-(Me Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds. i?° Rc?

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act, or any other Act or Acts, shall extend to

permit any Maltster or Maker of Malt in Ireland\ to fell any Malt not actually made by himself, without having fcU no^Jal'bnt iiril taken out such Licence as is required by Law to be taken out by Persons to fell M.tlr, by Persons not being u-dr own, with-licensed to make Malt; and any Maltster or Maker of Malt, who Pnall fell any Malt contrary to the Provisions of out L.cence. the Act, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, 'I hat all and every the Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, inflicted by this Recovery of Act, shall be paid in British Currency, and shall, except in such Cases as are herein otherwise provided for, be Penalties, raised, levied, collected, paid, sued lor, recovered, and applied in the same Manner, and under such Powers and Authorities, and by such Ways and Methods, and according to such Rules and Directions, as are appointed,

drifted, and expressed, for the raising, collecting, levying, paying, and managing the Duties payable on Goods,

Wares, and Merchandize in Ireland, in and by an Act made in IreLind in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King C harles the Second, intituled, an Act for the settling the Excifr or new 15 C«ir.*.

Itrj'J} upon His Majesty, I/is Heirs and Succffors, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted, or in and by an

Ad, made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, yin Act to provide for the better ^(*co 3. c.iofr-

E\; c lion of the several Acts relating so the Revenues, Matters, and Things under the Management of the Commissioners

(j Cijkws and Port Duties, and of the Lcvimjfjioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or in and by any other

Act in force in Ireland, relating to the revenue of Customs and Excise, or either of them, ns fully and

1 ftefinally, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were herein expressed and enacted, with the like Remedy

of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved, as in and by the said recited Act, made in the Fourteenth

and H.teenth Years of the lleign of His said late Majesty King Charles the Second, or in any other Act or Acts asaloresaid is provided.

" Act may be altered this Session, §30.

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act: for the Abolition of the Slave Trade.

[25th March 1807.]

IWHEREAS the Two Houses of Parliament did, by their Resolutions of the Tenth and Twenty-fourth

V» Days of June One thousand eight hundred and six, severally resolve, upon certain Grounds therein mentioned, that they would, with all practicable Expedition, take effectual Measures for the Abolition of the

/'/risen Slave Trade, in such Manner, and at such Period as might be deemed adviseable: And Whereas it is

' lit Mjm all and each of the Grounds mentioned in the said Resolutions, that the fame should be forthwith.

' ui olifaul and prohibited, and declared to he unlawful be it theretore enacted by the King's most Excellent

M.rillv by ai.d with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

prJait Parliament alfembl d, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of May , VJl^tenn

0; c tln.ufair! eight hundred and seven, the African Slave Trade, and all and all manner of dealing and trading iHc i t idc

n the h.-chaie, Sale, Barter, or Transfer of Slaves, or of Perlnus intended to lx* fold, transferred, used, or dealt jj, 4tu (, c

uv.uas Slaves, pracli* d or carried on, in, at, to or from any Part of the Conic or Councries of Afica, shall be, ab.aih.ci

ir.J the rime h hereby utterly abolished, prohibited, and declared to lx.* unkiwfu!; and also that all and all

rrxt'iar of dealing, either by way of Purchr.fc, Sale, Barter, or Transfer, or by means of any other Contract or

A rmrent whatever, relating to any Slaves, or to any Persons intended to be used or dealt with, as Slaves, for the I'urjvfe ot inch Slaves or Persons being removed or transportrd either immediately or by rPiauihipment at

Va or m he rude, directly or indirectly from Africa, or from any Island, Country, Territory, or Place whatever,

1. the IVrjl Indies, or in : inv other Part of /.nurica, not being in the Dominion, Fcd-mfion, or Occupation ot His Mijrtly, to ar.v other lllgnd. Country, Territory or Platwhai ever, is liercbyin I ke Manner utterly abolished,

\ rol.iLited, and declared to be unlawful; and if any of His MajrJtr's Subjects, or any Person or Persons vefident perajtv for u r m, this ITnited Kingdom, or any of the I {lands, Colonies, Dominions, or Territories thereto belonging, or ti.-iiu.g m or is Ii: v M.ijftly s Occupation or Poitefi on, Hall from and after the Day aforesaid, by him or theluiche.s or by r*v >«-1 ii^i.is or their Factors or Agents or otherwise howfoevrr, deal or trade in, pyrehafe, fell, barter, or transfer, or

contract or agreejorthe dealing or trading in, pmchaling, felling, baitering, or transferring of any Slave or Slaves, cat" u

i.r sr.v Pnfm or lrirfm.s intended to be sold, transferred, used, or dealt with as a Slave or Slave? contra!y to tic Frol Litimis of this Act, he or they lo offending ft a 11 forfeit a\d pnv fjr eurv such Oiience the Sum of 47CE0.III. L

74

C. 36.

47" GEORGII III. Sess. i. A.D. 1807.

Vessel* fitted o*t

irf this K'n gcom f)i the Cv.ioi.i s,

inc f.*r tMirying

ou the S avc T shall be fot fciicd.

Persons prohV-b red from cm living as bUvts n hrtbir-rt» c f Attica, tl>c YVctf incites, ur A I'.iri ict, from one place to another, or being conecined in receiving them, &c.

One hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain for each and every Slave so purchased, fold, bartered, or transferred, or contrafted or agreed for as aforesaid, the One Moiety thereof to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Succtflbrs, and the other Moiety to the Use of any Person who shall inform, sue, and prosecute for the same.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and seven, it shall be unlawful for any of His Majesty's Subjects, or any Person or Persons resident within this United Kingdom, or any of the Islands, Colonies, Dominions, or Territories thereto belonging, or in His Majesty*? Possession or Occupation, to fit out, man, or navigate, or to procure to be fitted out, manned, or navigated, or to be concerned in the fitting out, manning, or navigating, or in the procuringto be fitted out, manned, or navigated, any Ship or vessel for the Purpose of aflifti ng in, or being employed in the carrying on of the African Slave Trade, or in any other the Dealing, Trading, or Concerns hereby prohibited and declared to be unlawful, and every Ship or Vessel which shall, from and after the Day aforesaid, be fitted out, manned, navigated, used, or employed by any such Subject or Subjects, Person or Persons, or on his or their Account, or by his or their Assistance or Procurement for any of the Purposes aforesaid, and by this Act prohibited, together with all her Boats, Guns, Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture, shall become forfeited, and may and shall be seized and prosecuted as herein after is mentioned and provided.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and seven, it shall be unlawful for any of His Majesty's Subjects, or any Person or Persons resident in this United Kingdom, or in any of the Colonies, Territories, or Dominions thereunto belonging, or in His Majesty's Possession or Occupation, to carry away or remove, or knowingly and wilfully to procure, aid, or alhll in the carrying away or removing, as Slaves, or for the Purpose of being fold, transferred, used, or dealt with as Slaves, any of the Subjects or Inhabitants of Africa, or of any Island, Country, Territory, or Place in the W.Jl Indies, or any other Part of America whatsoever, not being in the Dominion, Possession, or Occupation of His Majesty, either immediately or by Tranihipment at Sea or otherwise, directly or indirectly from Africa, or from any such Island, Country, Territory, or Place as aforesaid, to any other Island, Countrj Territory, or Place whatever, and that it shall also be unlawful for any of His Majesty's Subjects, or any Person or Persons resident in this Upited Kingdom, or in any of the Colonies, Territories, or Dominions thereunto belonging, or in His Majesty's Possession or Occupation, knowingly and wilfully to receive, detain, or confine on board, or to be aiding, aififting, or concerned in the receiving, detaining, or confining on board of any Ship or Vessel whatever, any such Subject pr Inhabitant as aforesaid, for the Purpose of his or her being so carried away or removed as aforesaid, or of his or her being fold, transferred, used, or dealt with as a Slave, in any Place or Country whatever; and if any

Viffds employ- Subject or Inhabitant, Subjects or Inhabitants of Africa, or of any Island, Country, Territory, or Place in the cd in such jyejl Indies or America, not being in the Dominion, Possession, or Occupation of His Majesty, shall from and after be Day aforesaid, ' be so unlawfully carried away or removed, detained, confined, trap, shipped, or received on

alfe the Pu/perty h°ard of any Ship or Vessel belonging in the Whole or in Part to, or employed by any Subject of His Majesty,

in the Slave*. or Person residing in His Majestys Dominions or Colonies, or any Territory belonging to or in tie Occupation

of His Majesty, for any of the unlawful Purposes aforesaid, contrary to the Force and EfFeft, true Intent and Meaning of the Prohibitions in this Act contained, every such Ship or Vessel in which any such Person or Persons shall be so unlawfully carried away or removed, detained, confined, iranshipped, or received on board for any of the said unlawful Purposes, together with all her Boats, Guns, Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture, shall be forfeited, and all Property or pretended Proprety in any Slaves or Natives of sifrica so unlawfully carried away or removed, detained, confined, transtiipped or received on board, shall also be forfeited, and the fame respectively shall and Owners &c may ^e ^e*ze<^ and prosecuted as herein after is mentioned and provided; and every Subject of His Majesty, or /Mi forfeit i'ooI. Person resident within this United Kingdom, or any of the I Hands, Colonies, Dominions, or Territories thereto lor cich Slave, belonging, or in His Majesty's Possession or Occupation, who shall, as Owner, Part Owner, Freighter or Shipper, Factor or Agent, Captain, Mate, Supercargo, or Surgeon, so unlawfully carry away, or remove, detain, confine, transtiip, or receive on board, or be aiding or assisting in the carrying away, removing, detaining, confining, transhipping, or receiving on board, for any of the unlawful Purposes aforesaid, any such Subject or Inhabitant of Africa, or of any Island, Country, Territory, or Place, not being in the Dominion, Possession, or Occupation of His Majesty, shall forfeit and pay for each and every Slave or Person so unlawfully carried away, removed, detained, confined, transhipped, or received on board, the Sum of One hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, One Moiety thereof to the Use of His Majesty, and the other Moiety to the Use of any Person who shall inform, sue, and prosecute for the same.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Subject or Inhabitant, Subjects or Inhabitants of Africa, or of

wjjwiuii any Country, Territory, or Place, not being in the Dom; nion, Possession, or Occupation of His Majesty,

carded jwaynnd who shall, at any Time from and after the Day aforesaid, have been unlawfully carried away or removed Irom imported into # Africa, or from any Island, Country, Territory, or Place in the West Indies or America, not being in the DomU any Brit»fK mon, Possession, or Occupation of His Majesty, contrary to any of the Prohibitions or Provisions in this Act

Slave"y he conta^ne^» shall importe^ or brought into any Island, Colony, Plantation, or Territory, in the Dominion,

forfeit'd to His P°(fe(^on> or Occupation of His Majesty, and there sold or disposed of as a Slave or Slaves, or placed, detained, Majesty. or keptn a State of Slavery, such Subject or Inhabitant, Subjects or Inhabitants, so unlawfully carried away,

or removed and imported, shall and may be seized and prosecuted, as forfeited to His Majesty, by such Person or Persons, in such Courts, and in such Manner and Form, as any Goods or Merchandize unlawfully imported into the lame Island, Colony, Plantation, or Territory, may now be seized and prosecuted therein by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force for regulating the Navigation and Trade of His Majesty's Colonies and Plantations, and shall and may, after his or their Condemnation, be disposed of in Manner herein after mentioned and provided. 4

£ tthjciH"of Aine»f &c. Unlawfully

A.D. 1807. 47°G£6RGlt III. Sess. r. C. 36.

V. And be it Further enacted, That from and after the said First Day of May One thousand eight bundled Insurance* on tnd seven, all Insurances whatsoever to be eHefted upon or in respect td any of the trading; dealing, carrying, Transstfioni removing, transhipping, or other Transactions by this Act prohibited, shall be also prohibited and declared to be s^ave Trade not unlawful; and if any of His Majesty's Subjects, or any Person or Persons resident within this United Kingdom, uivfal.*

or within any of the Islands, Colonies, Dominions, or Territories thereunto belonging; or in His Majesty's Penalty root.

Possession or Occupation, shall knowingly and wilfully subscribe, efTeft, or make, or cause or procure to be Treble

subscribed, effected, or made, any such unlawful Insurance9 or Insurance, he or they shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds for every such Insurance, and also Treble the Amount c rc , u

paid or agreed to be paid as the Premium of any such Insurance, the One Moiety thereof to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Use of any Person who shall inform, sue, and prosecute for the same.

VI. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to^n, t prohibit or render dnlawful the dealing or trading in the Purchase, Sale, Barter, or Transfer; or the carrying .-itfcttthe trading away or removing for the Purpose of being fold, transferred; used, or dealt with as Slaves, or the detaining or «n Slave*, confining for the Purpose of being so carried away or removed; of any Slaves which shall be exported, carried, or

removed from Africa, in any Ship or Vessel which, on or before the said First Day of May One thousand eight c.|'^T, ut Jy hundred and seven, shall have been lawfully e'eared out from Great Britain according to the Law now in force g. c., ft i«nm for regulating the carrying of Slaves from Africa or to prohibit br render unlawful the manning or navigating ur befor M — any such Ship or Vessel, or to make void any Insurance thereon, so as the Slaves to be carried therein shall 1 - Jf

finally landed in the West Indies on or before the First Day of March One thousand eight hn^"et' ?rcj c' landed in the wit's prevented by Capture, the Lots of the Vessel, by the Appearance cf tlpon the Coait, or other March'?'*'*

unavoidable Neceuity, the Proof whereof shall lie lire Jrttily charged 5 any Thing herein-before contained i»08, &L

to the contrary notwhh^.'.oiifW.

VIIj*And Whereas it may happen, 'that during the present or future Wars, Ships or Vesstls may be seized siavef t2^en 2i

or detained as Prize, on board whereof Slaves or Natives of Africa, earned and detained as Slaves, being the Prize of War, or 1 Property of His Majesty's Enemies, or otherwise liable to Condemnation fts Priie of War, may he taken or ivizedas

fou: d, and it is necessary to direct in what Manner such Slaves or Natives of Africa shall be hereafter treated Furst, tures» Hiall and disposed of: And Whereas it is also necessary to direct and provide for the Treatment and Disposal of any "or

Maves or Natives oi Africa carried, removed, treated or dealt with as Slaves, who shall be unlawfully carried f0«futc«i\o the away or removed contrary to the Prohibitions aforesaid, or any of them, and shall be Afterwards found on board King, far the any Ship or Vessel liable to Seizure under this Act, or any other Act of Parliament made for restraining or of

prohibiting the African Slave Trade, or shall be elsewhere lawfully seized as forfeited under this or any other Iheir s"

such Act of Parliament as aforesaid; and it is expedient to encourage the Captors, Seizors, and Prosecutors ind'may bc*

thereof: Be it therefore further enrifted, That ail Slaves and all Natives of Africa, treated, dealt with, carried, eululed, &c. kept or detained as Slaves, which shall at any Time from and after the said First Day of May next be seized or

taken as Prize of War, or liable to Forfeiture, under tins or any other Act of Parliament made for restraining or prohibiting the African Slave Trade, shall and may, for the Purposes only of Seizure, Prosecution, and Condemnation as Prize or as Forfeitures, be considered, treated; taken, and adjudged as Slaves and Property, in the fame Maimer as Negro Slaves have been heretofore considered, treated, taken, and adjudged, when seized as Prize of War, or as forfeited for any Offence against the Laws of Trade and Navigation respectively; but the same shall be condemned as Prize of War, or as forfeited to the folc Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for the Purpose only of diverting and barring all other Property, Right, Title, or Interest whatever, which before tiiiled, or might afterwards be set up or claimed in or bo such Slaves br Natives of Africa so seized, prosecuted, and condemned; and the fame nevertheless shall in no case be liable to be sold, disposed of, treated or dealt with s Slaves* by or on the Part of trfis Majesty; His Heirs or Successors, or by or on the Part of any Person or Persons claiming or to claim From; by, or under His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, or under or by force of any such Sentence of Condemnation: Provided always; that it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and such Officers, Civil or Military, as shall, by any general or special Order of the King in Council, be from Time to Time appointed and empowered to receive, protest; and provide for such Natives of Africa as shall be so condemned, either to enter and enlist the fame, or any of them, into His Majesty's Land or Sea Service, as Soldiers, Seamen, or Marines, or to bind the fame, or any of them, whether of full Age or not, as Apprentices, for any Term not exceeding Fourteen Years, to such Person or Persons, in such Place or Places, and upon such Terms and Conditions, and subject to such Regulations, as to His Majesty shall seem meet, and 2'y ihafl by any general or special Order of Flis Majesty in Council be in that Behalf directed and appointed 5 and any Indenture of Apprenticeship duly made and executed, by any Person or Persons to be for that Purpose appointed by any such Order in Council, for any Term not exceeding Fourteen Yeztrs, shall be of the fame Force arid Lffeft as if the Party thereby bound as an Apprentice had himself or herself, when of full Age upon good Consideration, duly executed the fame; and every such Native of Africa who shall be so entitled or entered as aforesaid into any of His Majesty's Land or Sea Forces as a Soldier, Seaman, or Marine, shall be considered^ treated, and dealt with in dll Respects as if he bad voluntarily so enlilted or entered himself.

Mil. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where any Slaves or Natives of Africa, taken as Prize Certain ft u-tics

11 1' Hull be purl t\>r

tori' Slaves to the C^pior*, as

ju ujtc iFidiiuu aoiiiv uuiimy tciueu i icau muncy 10 iivjw |/aiu vj j tun w ui aa nvi ui x amaiiiuu^ maw 111

the Forty-fifth Year of His Majesty8 Reign, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better j, j. .*<1 und/r udmore effectually manning Nix Majesty's Navy during the present War, such Bounty as His Majesty, His Heirs 45 G. 3. c.; j, and Successors; shall have directed by any Order in Council, fg ae the fume shall not exceed the Sum of Forty §5*

JL % Pounds

ot war oy any or ms Majesty's ftmps or war, or rrivaieers duly commiuionca, man dc nnany condemned as such to His Majesty's Use as aforesaid, there shall be paid to the Captors there* f by the Treasurer of His Majesty s

7*

Certificate# to entitle l* Bounty.

Claim to

fti.'ll hcrlctoi-mined Uy the Jnflge of Admiralty.

On condemnation of Forfeitures of Slivrf for Oitences against this Act, there shall be paid ro the Froltcufor 13l. Er a Man, 10l. fora Woman, «nd 3I for a Child 6: c.

CYuc.mrfcuing Cern scales pcl0, y .vitheut

ci «&y-

j^erovrry and y^}, plication of Pcu.ihies and 1ro, fvituits.

C. 36. 470 GEORGII III. Sess. r. A.D. 1807.

Pounds lawful Money of Great Britain for every Man, or Thirty Pounds of like Money for every Woman, or Ten Pounds of like Money 1 or every Child or Person not above Fourteen Years old, that shall be so taken and condemned, and shall be delivered over in good Health to the proper Officer or Officers, Civil or Military, so appointed as aforesaid to receive, protect, and provide for the fame; which Bounties fTmll be divided nmongtt the Officers, Seamen, M1 l ines, and Soldiers on board His Majesty's Ships of War, or hired armed Ships, in Manner, Form, and Proportion, as by Hi« Majestys Proclamation for granting the Distriburion of Prizes already issued, or to be fffued for that Purpose i* or fF 11 be directed and appointed, and among! the Owners, Officers, and Seamen of any private Shin or Vesselol War, in such Manner and Proportion as, by an Agreement in Writing* that they shall have entered into for that Purpose, shall be directed.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in order to entitle the Captors to receive the Paid Bounty Money, the Numbers of M' u. Women, and Children, so taken* condemned, and delivered over, shall be proved to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, by producing, instead of the.Oaths and Certificates prescribed by the said Act as to Pleiid Money, a Copy, duly certified, of the Sentence or f /ccree of Condemnation, whereby the Numbers of Men, Women and Chi dren, so taken and condemned, shall appear to ha\e been distinClly proved; and also, by producing a Certificate under the Hand of the said Officer or Officers. Military or Civil, ft> appointed as aforesaid, and to whom the same shall have been delivered, acknowledging That he or they hath or have received the fame, to be disposed of according to His Majesty's Instructions and Regulations as aforesaid.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in any Cases in which Doubts shall arise whether

the or Parties claiming such Bounty Money is or are entitled thereto, the same shall be summarily

determined by the Judge of tb- High Court of Admiralty, or by the Judge of any Court of Admiralty in which the Prize shall have been adjudged, subject neverihc!?!* ! an Appeal to the Lords Commissioners of Appeals in Prize Causes.

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That on the Condemnation to the Use of His Majesty, Hrs Heirs and Successors, in Manner aforesaid, of any Slaves or Natives of Africa, seized and prosecuted as forfeited for any Offence against this Add, or any other Act of Parliament made for restraining or prohibiting the African Slave Trade (except in the Case of Seizures made at Sea by the Commanders or Officers of His Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War) there shall be paid to and to the Use of the Person who shall have sued, informed, and prosecuted the same to Condemnation, the Sums of Thirteen Pounds lawful Money aforesaid for every Man, of Ten Pounds like Money for every Woman, and of Three Pounds like Money for every Child or Person under the Age of Fourteen Years, that shall be so condemned and delivered over in good Health to the said Civil or Military Officer so to he appointed to receive, protest, and provide for the fame, and also the like Sums to and to the Use of the Governor or Commander in Chief of any Colony or Plantation wherein such Seizure shall have been made; but in Cases of any such Seizures made at Sea by the Commanders or Officers of His Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, for Forfeiture under this Act, Cr any other Act of Parliament made for vestraining or prohibiting the African Slave Trade, there shall be paid to the Commander or Officer who shall so seize, inform, and prefccute, for every Man so condemned and delivered over, the Sum of Twenty Pounds like Money, for every "Woman the Sum of Fifteen Pounds like Money, and for every Child or Person under the Age of Fourteen Years the Sum of Five Pounds like Money, subject nevertheless to such Distribulion of the said bounties or Rewards for the said Seizures made at Sea as His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, shall think fit to order and direct by any Order in Council made for that Purpose; for all which Payments so to be made as Bounties or Rewards upon Seizures and Prosecutions for Offences again! this Act, or any other Act of Parliament made for vestraining or abolishing the - fvie an Slave Trade, the Officer or Officers, Civil or Military, so to be appointed as afirrefiid to receive, protect, and provide for such Slaves or Natives of Africa so to be condemned and delivered over, shall, after the Condemnation and Receipt thereof as aforesaid, grant Certificates in favour of the Governor and Party seizing, informing, and prosecuting as aforesaid respectively, or the latter alone (as the Case may be) addressed to the Lords Comiriffiouers of His Majesty's Treasury; who, upon the production to them of any such Certificate, and of an authentic Copy, duly certified, of the Sentence of Condemnation of the said Slaves or Africans to Hia MajestyUfc as aforesaid, tnd alro of a Receipt under the Hand of such Officer or Officers so appointed as aforesaid, speesfying that such Slaves or Africans have by him or them been received in good Health as aforesaid, shall direct Payment to be made from and out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain of the Amount of the Monies specifu d in such Certificate, to the lawful Holders of the fame, or the Persons entitled to the Benefit thereof respectively.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully and fraudulently forge or counterfeit any such Certificate, Copy of Sentence of Condemnation, or Receipt as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, or shall knowingly and wilfuIK utter urpubiffh the fame, knowing it to be forged or counterfeited, with Intent to defraud His Majesty, His Hems and Su-'cessors, or any other Person or Persons whatever, the Party so offending (halfion Conviction, stiffer Death ns in Caies of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

XIII. And be it further er.aC.ed, That the several Pecuniary Penalties or Forfeitures imposed and inffi&ed &y this Act, shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered in any Court of Record ii. Great Britain, or in any Court of Record cr Vi e Admiralty in any Part of His Majesty's Dominions wherein the Offence was committed, or whde the Offender may be found after the Commission of such Offence; and that in all Cases of Seizure of any Ships, Vessels, Slaves or pretended Slaves, Goods or Effects, for any Forfeiture under this Act, the lame shall and may retpeci: vcly be kuV for, prosecuted and recovered in any Court of Record in Great Britain* or in airy Court of Record or Vice Admiralty in any Part ot His Majesty's Dominions in or neared to which such Seizures may be inaoc, rvr tv; which inch Ships or Vessels, Slaves or retended Slaves, Goods or Efforts (ifdizcj at Sea or without the Limits oi any British Jurisdxction) may mull conveniently be carried for Trial; and all the

A.D. 1807. 4.7* GEORGII III. Sefl*. r. 0.36, 37.

said Penalties and Forfeitures, whether pecuniary or specific (tmless where it is expressly otherwise provided for by this Act) shall go and belong to such Person and Persons in such Shares and Proportions, and ihalland may b-Tied for and prosecuted, tried, recovered, distributed, and applied in such and the like Manner an l by the fame Ways and Means, and subject to the lame Rule9 and Directions, as any Penalties or Forfeitures .ncurrej in Great Britain, and in the Britfh Colonies or Plantations in Amerira ltipectmly, by force ofanvAftot Parliament' reL'.ingtn the Tde and Revenues of the said Briiifi Colonies o»- Plantations in America, now go and belong io, and may now be filed for, prosecuted, tried, recovered, dillribtited and applied respectively in Great Britain or in the said Colonies or Plantations respectively, under and ^y virtue of a certain Act of Parham ".t made in the Fourth Ye.' of His present Majesty, intituled, n.ftfor grantingcjrturn Duties in the 13 u ifh Colonies and Plantations in Amer ca; fur continuing, amending, and waking perpetual an dfl passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, King George the Second, intituled, ' an cI for the better securing and encouraging the T ade of His Majesty1 s Sugar Colonies in America; for applying the Produce of such Duties to arise by virtue of the said A FI towards defraying the Expences of de- fer, iing protetting, and securing the said Colonies and Plantations; for explaining n Ft trade in the Twenty fifth Tear ' of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, " ..n A FI for the Encouragement of the Greenland and Eastland " Trades, and j or the better securing the Plantation Trade, and for altering and di fallowingfrveral Drawbacks on " Exports from this Kingdom, and more effectually pre cniing the cl an define Conveyance of G ods to and from the said 0 Colnries and Plantations, and improving and securing the Trade between the fame and Great Britain.'*

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all Ships and Vessels, Slaves or Natives of Africa, carried, conveyed, or dealt with as Slaves, and all other Goods and Effects that shall or may become forfeited for -.ny Offence committed against this Act, flialir.u maybe seized by any Officer of His Majesty sCustomb or ExcilT, or by the Commanders or Officers of any of His Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, who, in maki lg and prosecuting any such Seizures, JiCui have the Benefitvof all the 1 Vovilions made by the said Act of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, or any other Act of Parliament made for the Protection of Officers seizing and prosecuting for «ay Offence against the iaiid Act or any other Act of Parliament relating to the Trade and Revenues of the British Colonies or Plantations in America

XV. And be it further enacted, That all Offences committed against tlris ACb may" be inquired of, tried, determined, and dealt with as Ivlildemeanors, as if the lame had been respectively committed within the Body of the County of Middlesex,

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful for His Majesty in Council, from Time to Time to make such Orders and Regulations for the future Disposal and Support of such Negroes as shall have been bound Apprentices under this Act, after the Term of their Apprenticeship shall have expired,

tu His Majesty shall seem meet, and as may prevent such Negroes from becoming at any Time chargeable upon the IlianJ ill which they shall have been so bound Apprentices as aforesaid.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That none of the Provisions of any Act as to enlisting foray limited Period of Service, or a< to any Rules or Regulations for the granting any Pensions ^r Allowances to any Soldiers discharged after certain Periods of Sendee, shall extend, or be deemed or construed in aoy Manner tocxt mc, to any Negroes so enlisting ami ftrving in any of His Majesty's Forces,

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it any Action or Suit shall be commenced either in Great Britain or elfcvvhvrr, against any Person or Persons for, any Thing done in pursuanc* of this Act, the Defendant or-IXt* ndants in such Action or Suit may plead toe General issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in i vid -ncc at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the lame was done in pursuance and by the Authority oftiib A cl; and if it shall appear so to have been done, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and-if th? Plaintiff shall be nonsuited or discontinue his A <3. ion astir the Defendant or Defendants shall have* rjpyarvd, or if Judgement shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Bd Midants flail recover Treble Costs and have the like Remedy for the fame, act Defendants have in other Gafer by Law.

77

4G. 3. e. t5-

Seizure* m.iv be nr.de- l»y Oihccr* o' CuiK m> >»r Excilc, or N»uy*

Offence* t-inb!* as if' if. rtmiurd' in MutUtcsex.

His Majesty may m »ke Reruia-huns for Disposal* of Negroes , -fier ineir A ppi «.n-ticilh.p.

Negror* minted? as .vilriiei & not eni if ltd to Pensions &c.

General Iffaer-

Treble Costs*

C A l\ XXXVIL

An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen*

and amend an Act, made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, for.

[39 & 4oG.3<. the more effectual Prevention of Depredations on the River Thames and its Vicinity; and to C-87*J yneiid an Act made in the Second Year of His present Majesty, to prevent the committing of;

Thefts and Frauds by Persons navigating Bum Beats, and other Boats, upon the River Thomes.

[25 th March 1807.]

WHEREAS an Act of Parliament was made and passed in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of the

*' Hei^n of Hir nr« sent Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more rjffinal Prevention of Depredations on the & 40 G. 3. River il'ames and its Vicinity; and to amend an Act made in the Second Year of the Reign of His prefen" Majesty, c. 87.

U>prevent the r.mmit'ing cf Thefts and Frauds by Persons navigating Bum-Toots, ana other Boats, upon the Ri ver

Majesty,

41 G. 3. c. 76

1 L' unties (j Midvlleiex an Sut rev as Hein and near the Metropolis; and for the more ejfFinal Prevention of Filer,

and for ma ing other Proriftons in heu thereof; andfr enercafing the Salaries (f the Jujliccs at the Thames Police

unt, i -h* hir Day of Jurie One thousand right hundred and fe vert, and from thence to the End of the th n next'

A /Y'fl aj Parliament: And Whereas, under and by virtue of the Provisions of the said first recited Act, a Public

Ofice of the Nature of the several Offices commonly called Police Offices, inilituted under tJic Authority of

an.

78

C-37-

+7" GEORGII nr. Self. i>

A.D. 1807.

1 u. 3. c 53.

Recitid

39, 40 G. 3

Thames Police

Surveyor* empowered 10 tiller Snips, See. on Sul pic ion of Felony hav ng been committed,

An Act, made in the Tliirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more

effectual Admmjlration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace, in such Parts of the Counties of Middlesex and Sflrrey

as lie in or near the Metropolis, and for the more effectual Prevention of Felonies, was established, and hath continued

for many Years, near IVupping new Stairs, in the Parish of Saint John of Mapping, in the County of Middlesexi

under the Name of The Thames Police Office: And Whereas the Establishment of the said Office has been

proved to be of the moil essential Service in preventing the before-mentioned Depredations: And Whereas the said Act, made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year aforesaid, is near expiring, and it is expedient that the lame should be continued and amended, and the Powers of the Justices under the said Act further

c extended May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's

most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the fahl first recited A

'"' Sc iG and k muc^1 kft recited Act as relates to and amends the said first recited Act, shall be continued until

c 76 continued. t^ie Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and all Appointments of Special

Justices, and of Clerks, Surveyors, Constables, and other Officer# and Persons acting under them in the said Public Office, made under or in pursuance of the said foil recited Act shall be and remain as effectual as if the fame had been made under this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for every such Thames Police Surveyor (subject to the Orders of the said Justices, to be appointed as aforesaid) r»5Ying just Cause to suspect that any Felony has been or is about to be committed, in or on board of any Ship, Hoy, targe, Lighter, Boat, or other Vessel, lyingor being in the said River, and within the Limits in the said first recited Act mentioned, to enter at all Times, as well by Night as by Day, into and upon every such Ship, Hoy, Barge, Lighten Boat, or other Vessel, and therein to take all necessary Measures for the effectual Prevention or Detedlion of all Felonies, which he has just r being about to Cause to suspect have been, or are about to be committed in and upon the said River, and within the Limits in be committed. the said first.recited Act mentioned, and to apprehend and detain all Persons suspected to be concerned in'thd said Felonies? and Also all Property so suspected to be feloniously ilolen, and the same to produce before One or more of the said Special Justices, or some other Justice or Justices within his or thetr respective Jurisdictions ? and every such Thames Police Surveyor is hereby authorized, at any Time between Stin-rising and Sun-setting, to enter any Ship or Vessel (except His Majesty's Ships) in the said River, and within the Limits in the said first recited Act mentioned, and to search the fame for unlawful Quantities of Gunpowder? and also shall have the fame Powers of seizing, removing to proper Places, and detaining, all such unlawful Quantities of Gunpowder found on board any such Ship or Vessel, and the Barrels in which such Gunpowder shall be, as are given to Persons searching for unlawful Quantities of Gunpowder under a Warrant of a Justice of the Peace, by virtue of an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty* intituled, An Act to regulate the making, keeping, and Carriage of Gunpowder, within Great Britain, and to repeal the Laws heretofore made for any of thoft Purposes.

Fon< foi<aicd

III. And be it further enacted, That in all'Cases in which it is directed in the said recited Act that any Boat, m.iy bedeflr* ycd with her Tackle and Appurtenances, which shall be forfeited, shall be burnt and dellroyed, it shall be lawful for «r rcilorcd, ui the said Special Justices, or either of them, or any other Justice or Justices within their respective Jurisdictions, fold, at ft* -before whom any Person or Persons shall have been convicted of any Offence whereby any Boat is or should be- crenon o tie adjudged to be forfeited, either to direct such Boat, with her Tackle and Appurtenances, to be barnt and dellroyed, or restored to the Owners thereof* or to be publickly told; and the Produce of such Sale to be applied in like Manner as all other Cases of Forfeitures under the said Act; any Thing in the said first recited Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

IV. 'And Whereas Disputes and Difficulties do frequently arise between Bargemen, Lightermen, Watermen*

Ballastmen, Coalwhippers, Coalporters, Sailors, Lumpers, Riggers, Shipwrights, tnulkers, and other ' Labourers, who work for Hire on or upon the River Thames, and the Docks, Creeks, Wharfs, Quays, and

Places adjacent, respecting Wages or Money due to them for Work, and the Owner or Owners, Captains Or

Commanders of Vessels and their Agents, on the said River, and the Docks and Creeks thereunto adjoining,

Julhce*.

>fogirtntes r upowrered to settle Disputes relating to Wages be rvecnCa prams £nri Owner* of

Ships, Wharf's, &c. and Persons employed by them.

and also the Owner or Owners, Wharfinger or Wharfingers, or Occupiers of such Wharfs or Quays, and their

Agents and other Persons employing the said Labourers be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, all Differences, Complaints, and Disputes, which shall happen and arise between any Bargemen* Lightermen, Watermen, Ballastmen, (except Trinity Ballastmen), Coalwhippers, Coalporters, Sailors, Lumpers, Riggers, Shipwrights, Caulkers, or other Labourers who work for Hire on or upon the said River, or the Docks, Creeks, Quays, Wharfs, or Places adjacent, and the Owner or Owners, Captain or Commander of any Vessel, or their Agents, on the said River, or the Docks or Creeks thereunto adjoining, or the Owner or Owners* Wharfinger or Wharfinger#, or Occupiers of any Wharf or Quay, or their'Agents, or other Employer or Employers, respecting Wages or Money due to any such Labourer or Labourers for Work, whether the fame Persons be employed for any certain Time, Or in any other Manner, shall be heard and determined by the said Special Justices, or any one of them, or any other Justice or Justices within his or their respective Jurisdictions; and every such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to summon before him or them any such Captain or Commander of any such Vessel, or any such Owner or Owners thereof, or their Agents, or the Owner or 'Owners, W'harfinger or Wharfingers, or Occupier of any Wharf or Quay, or their Agents, or Any other Employer or Employers; and if any such Captain, Commander, or Owner of any such Vessel, or their Agents, or the Owner, Wharfinger, or Occupier of any such Wharf or Quay, or their Agents, or any such other Employer or Employers, shall refuse or neglect to attend such Summons, then every such Justice or Justices is "and are hereby empowered to issue his or their Warrant to bring such Person or Persons before him or them, to J Rnlwer such Complaint j and every such Justice and Justice# i* and are hereby empowered to examine upon Oath

any

79

A.D. 1807. 47° GEORGII III. Sess. r. C. 37.

aayfuch Bargeman, Lighterman, Waterman, Ballastman, (other than any Trinity Ballastman), Coalwhipper,

Coalporter, Sailor, Lumper, Rigger, Shipwright, Caulker, or other Labourer, or any other Witness or Witnesses, touching any such Complaint or Dispute, and to make such Order for Payment of so much Wages to such Bargeman, Lighterman, Waterman, Ballastman, (other than any Trinity Ballastman), Coalwhipper, Coalporter,

Sailor, Lumper, Rigger, Shipwright, Caulker, or other Labourer, as to such Justice or Justices fnali seem just, and reafuiiable; provided that the Sum in Question do not exceed the Sum of Five Pounds, bolides all reasonabh*

Colls attending the Prosecution of the said Complaint, which Costs the find Justice or Justices are hereby empowered to order; and in case of Refusal or Nonpayment of any Sum or Sums so ordered, by the Space of Twenty-four Hours next after such Determination, such Justice or Justices shall and may il.uc forth his or their Warrant to levy the same, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Captain or Commander aforesaid, or of any Owner or Owners of any Vessel, or their Agents, or the Owner or Ownei; , Wharfinger or Wharfingers, or Occupier of any Wharf or Quay, or of any other Employer or Employers, or any such Bargeman, Lighterman, Waterman, Ballastman, (other than any Trinity Ballastman), Coalwhipper, Coalporter,

Sailor, Lumper, Rigger, Shipwright, Caulker, or other Labourer working for Hire on the River Thames, or the Docks, Creeks, Wharfs, Quays, and Places adjacent, rendering the Overplus, if any, to the Owner, after Payment of the Sums so ordered for Wages or Money due to them for Work, and necessary Colls, together with all Charges of such Distress and Sale.

' V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all such Orders as shall be made as aforesaid by any Justice AM IV Orders or Justices, shall be final and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes; and from which said Orders no Appeal 10 bc shall be allowed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, every Person who shall D.ftioyjn^Buao,

wilfully destroy or damage, or be wilfully concerned in the destroying or damaging any Boat belonging Pen, <, 'V t

to or hired by or by the Authority of the said Justices, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Thirty , ul ea

Pounds, in lieu and instead of Fifteen Pounds in the said first-recited Act mentioned, any Thing in the said Atl to the contrary notwithstanding; or suffer Imprisonment, as in the said first-recited Act is mentioned.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Forfeitures in the said first recited Act directed, in relation to the

opening, breaking, or any wife injuring any Cask, Box, Chefl, Bag, or other Package, shall and may he afeer- geVnlay be retained and adjudged, and recovered on Conviction by and before any One or more Justice or Justices, under the covered brfute laid first-recited Act. One Jultijc.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures, Punishments and Provisions relating Punishmcnms r thereto, in the said first-recited Act contained, as to Persons framing, or causing to be framed, any Bills of framing fraudu-Parcels for any fraudulent Purpose, shall extend and be applied, and put in force as to every Person who shall , cnt Hills of P^r. produce, as a true and good Bill of Parcels, any such Bill of Parcels framed as in the said first-recited Act is pc^fonVVnoir-10 ic-i\tioned, for any fraudulent Purpose therein mentioned, knowing the same to have been fraudulently framed, , ng)y ploduci»^. in like Manner as if the fame had been made nn Offence under the said first-recited Act, or as if such Pains, them.

Penalties, Forfeitures, Punishments and Provisions relating thereto, had been herein re-enacted.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any One Justice to hear and determine any Offence jurisdiction under the said firlbrecited Act, or this Act, and toconvidl any Offender or Offenders, and adjudge any Penalty, giver, to One Forfeiture, or Punishment, under the said first-recited Act, or this Act, in like Manner as the fame may be done Jartice

by any Two or more Justices under the said Act; and it shall and may be lawful for any Justice or Justices, by*

or before whom any Two or more Offenders shall be convicted of any Offence whereon any Forfeiture of .^judged J0 any Penalty, or any Imprisonment, may be adjudged under the said first recited Act, or this Act, to convict and different Fines adjudge such Offenders, severally and separately, either as to Amount of any Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, or and different m to any Period of Imprisonment, according to the Lefcretion of such Justice or Justices, or the Nature and Per, ods oflm-Extent of the Offence or Guilt, or the Character, Situation, or Circumstance of each of such respective Offenders; pr' onra*nt> and it shall also be lawful for any Justice or Justices to adjudge and order that alnjr Offender, convicted of any Offence under the said first recited Act, or thus subjecting such Offender to Imprisonment, shall be kept to hard Labour during any such Imprisonment 5 any Thing in the said first recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding,

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to authorize furifdiflion of* or empower the said Special Justices, or any other Justice or Justices, except the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, justices not to and Recorder of the City of London for the Time being, or foine or one of them, to hear and determine any extend to

such Differences, Complaints, or I ifputes, as shall or may arise for or in respect of any Employment or London, Uc, Work done within the said City of London, or the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, or on board of any Ship,

Hoy, Barge, Lighter, Boat, or other Vessel lying or being on the North Side of the said River Thames, between the Tower of London and the Wtftern Extremity of the Temple adjoining Essex Si rest, in the County of Middle (ex.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in the said several recited Acts ox this Act con- Jurisdiction of tained shall extend to deprive the Lord Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens of the City of London, of any Right, /I C Co.p r Privilege, or Jurisdiction heretofore lawfully claimed exercised, or enjoyed within the Town and Borough of of London over.Soutlwar!, or the Liberties thereof, or to prevent the said Lord Mayor for the Time being, or the Aldermen of Southwark not the said City for the Time being, and the Recorder of the said City for the Time being, from adiing as Justices r^cbc act'&ed*

of the Peace within the said Town and Borough of Southwark, and the Liberties thereof, in such and the like Manner as they could or might have done in case this Act had not been made, nor to deprive the Lord Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the said City of any Right Privilege, Immunity, or Junfdidlion, which they have heretofore lawfully claimed, exercised, or enjoyed upon the River/ tames, or the Lord Mayor of the said City

for,

8o

.37, 38. 470 GEORGII III. Sess. r.

4' G- I e. v'°'

i — relating to Dunes on Paper, repeal* 4' G. 3. c l«*. $ 6. &c. rilanng 10 Paper Hangings made pcipcrual.

Dc nominuion of I'.-'per made in J; eland.

1 ft Clifs.

id ct.ifs.

3d CUi.

3S G.; . c. 19.

Chirgr on Paper Mailt n in & t» t.u'j* Engine,

-?c! prr A "mini; and in rcipi £i of each V.d i»r Wet P, tf$ I; o). per Annual more; by Monthly .C*«a<gcs of lt?i. 1 3*. 4d 2nd 1 il. 1 os.

A.D. 1807.

for the Time being, as Conservator of the said River, nor to prevent the said Lord Mayor for the Time being, and the Aldermen and Recorder of the said City, from nfting as Justices of the Peace upon the said River, or taking Cognizance of Offences committed upon or within the Limits of the fame, in such Manner as they might would have done in case this Act had not been made.

*e Penalties incurred under 39 G. 3. c. lxix. shall not be affected by this Act, §12. — Privileges of Trinity " House not affected, §13. — A & may be altered or repealed this Session. §14.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act to amend several Acts for regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Paper, male in Ireland \ and to make perpetual so much of an Act made in the Forty-Fifth Year of His present Majesty, as relates to Paper Hangings printed or Rained in Ireland.

[9th April 1807.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty* Reign, intituled, An

' t to continue, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hurt died andfix, and amend

' several Alls for regulating ami fee u ring the Collection of the Duties on Paper made in Ireland, and on Paper printed or Jlained in Ireland, to serve for Hangings or other Ufei; And Whereas it i9 expedient that so much of the said Act as relates to the Duties on Paper made in Ireland should he repealed, and other Provisions enacted in lieu

thereof, and that so much of the said Act as relates to Paper Flangings priifted or Rained in Ireland should be made perpetuah* Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, so much of the said recited Act as relates to the Duties on Paper made in Ireland shall be and the fame is hereby repealed; save and except as to any .Sums of Money, Penalties, or Forfeitures which may' have become due or been incurred under the said recited Act, before the said Twenty-fifth Day of March; and that so much of the said recited Act as relates to tV Duty on Paper Hangings, printed, painted; or Rained in Ireland\ shall be and the fame is hereby made perpetual.

II. And tc it further enacted, That all Paper (other than Brown Paper, made of old Ropes or Cordage only, without separating or extracting the Pitch or Tar, or any Part therefrom, and without Mixture of any other Materials therewith, and not being Glazed Paper for Clothiers or Hot Pfeifers, O" Sheathing Paper, or Button Paper or Button Board) which shall be made in Ireland, shall be denominated, deemed, and taken to fce Paper of the FirR Class, within the Meaning of this Act, and of any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland for granting or securing the Duties on Paper made in Ireland; and that all Brown Paper, made of old Ropes or Cordage as aforesaid only, and all Button Paper or Button Board, which shall be made in I eland, Hull be denominated, deemed, and taken to be Paper of the Second Class, within the Meaning of this Act, and the said Acts; and that all Pasteboard, Mill Board, arid Scale Board, and Paper commonly called by the Name of Sheating or Sheathing Paper, and all Glazed Paper for Clothiers, and Hot Proffers, so to be made, shall b*» denominated, deemed, and taken to be Paper of the Third Class, within the Meaning of this Act, and the said Acts; and that all Paper which shall be made in Ireland after the said Twenty-llfth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, shall be clafied and denominated accordingly, any Thing in an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to feure the Collection of the Duties on Paper made in Ireland, and to prevent Frauds therein; or in any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, in Feu and in R: ad of any Charge, under any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, on any Paper Maker in respect of each and every Engine kept or 11 fed by such Paper Mr.ker, every Paper Maker in Ireland shall be charged with, and shall pay the Sums following, that is to say; for each and every Engine kept or used by any Paper Maker for the making of Paper, or of the Papers called Pasteboard, M>U Board, Scale Board, Glazed Paper, Paper for l langings. Sheathing Paper, Button Paper, or Button board, or Paper of any other Sort or Kind whatever, which Engine shall not in the In side exceed Twelve Feet in Length, Five Feet in Breadth, and Two Feet in Depth, such Paper Maker shall be charged with and pay the yearly Sum ol Two hundred Pounds for the Year, beginning the Twenty-fi th Day of March One thousand eight hundred and feveri and ending on the Twenty-fifth Day of Manh One thousand eight hundred and eight, and in like Manner for every subsequent Year, beginning and ending in like Manner; and such Paper Maker shall also for every Vat or Wet-prels (whichever shall he the moil in Number) kept or used by any such Paper Maker, inch Vat not exceeding the Contents of a Vessel Six Feet in Length, Five Feetm Breadth, and Pour Fea in D< pth, be charged with and pay the yearly Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds for every Year, beginning and ending as aforesaid, in Addition to the a I ore said yearly Sum of Two hundred pounds; the said respective Sums of Two hundred Pounds and One hundred and fifty Pounds to be charged and chargeable on and paid by such Paper Maker in respect of each and every such Engine, aed of each and every such Vat or Wet- rets, kept or used by Inch Paper Maker, in the monthly Proportions following, that is to say; for eath and every Calendar Month in each and every Year, commencing with the Twenty-sixth Day eft Inarch, after Hie Rate f Rowing, that is say; for each and every such Engine kept by such Paper Maker, the Sum of Sixteen Pounds Ti-itteen Shillings and Four pence, and for each and every Vat or Wet-pvefs (whichever shall be the great eft in Number kept or 'ded by such Paper Maker the Sum of Twelve Pounds and Ten Shillings; all which said respective Sums shall be charged and chargeable, and paid and payable as and for the Euty according to Wftght of such (quantity of Paper as may be produced from any such Engine, within each Month and Year ixfpcftivcl) as aL.eimj.

IV.] rovided

e

A.D. 1807. 47*. GEORGII III. Sess. i.

C. 38.

81

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any such Engine shall be employed by any such Paper Charge Maker, during the Whole of any such Year, in making such Paper only as is chargeable with a Duty, not Enslne, fcC' exceeding One Penny for every Pound Weight thereof, such Paper Maker shall be charged with, and shall pay

for and in respect of each and every such Engine so employed, the Yearly Sum of One hundred Pounds, by the Paper, 1001. Monthly Proportions of Eight Pounds Six Shillings and Eight-pence for each and every Calendar Month; and a-Year, or also for each and every Vat or Wet Press (whichever {Kail be the moll in Number! which shall be kept and used 6l* P*r by such Paper Maker, the further Yearly Sum of One hundred Pounds, by like Monthly Proportions of Eight Enc'inc ^"and^he Pounds Six Shillings and Eight-pence, for each and every Calendar Month; all which said relpcdiive Sums shall ], te Sum on the be charged and chargeable, and paid and payable, as and for the Duty according to Weight of such Quantity Vat. of such Paper as may be produced from any such Engine within each Year and Month refuectively as aforesaid.

V. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any Engine, or any Vat respectively, /halibe of greater Dimcn- Engines or Vat* fioni than those herein-before respectively specified, then and in such Case the Paper Maker, who shall use any p, sums (lull

_*.ortionably.

1 respectively is or are to the Size of an Engine or Vat of the Dimensions herein-before feverafly described.

VI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any Paper Maker shall be defirnus of obtaining a Licence to In case of keep any Paper Mill, at any Time after the Twenty-fifth Day of March, in any Year, and to commence the

waking of Paper in such Mill on the Twenty-fi: - th Day of any Month, olher than tht Month of March in any jvj .keu % cr Year, it shall and may be lawful for the Conn (boners of Eland Excise am I Taxes, at any Time within Thirty 25 M^rrh,

Dm next after the Twenty-fifth Day of March mxt t nfuing the Time of granting such Licence, to reduce y-uHy Dnry may

the Yearly Sums payable h> such Paper Maker in iefpe£V of each and every Engine, and each and every Vat or bc

Wet Press in f ell Paper Mill, to such Sum as shall not be less tb.nn the total Amount of the several Monthly

Charges on such Paper Maker, in respect of each and every such Engine, Vat, or Wet Press, from the Day

when such Licence shall be granted, to the Twenty-fifth Day of March next ensuing the Date of such1 Licence.

VII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any Duty chargeable by Weight on the Paper made by any The Duty «n Paper Maker, within any such Month or Year as aforesaid, at the Mill in which such Engines or Vats or Wet pTcr

Prelfrj shall be kept or used, shall in any Cate exceed the Sum hereby directed to be charged for any such Month f^S^cTdVfn* or Year, inrefpea of each and every such Engine and Vat or Wet Press, kept and used at such Mill, then and $Um Ch; , grab!e in such Case, such paper Maker shall be charged with and pay such Excess of Duty on the said Paper, on the Engine according to the Quality and Weight thereof, such Excess to be charged and paid in Manner herein after Vats, mentioned and directed.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Officer of Excise in charge of any Paper Mill of any Paper Officer shall Maker \u Ireland, shall within Ten Days after the Twenty-fifth Day of every Month in the Year, make a Returns of*Return, to the Collector of the Di/lrict in which such Paper Mill shall be fituaie, of the several Monthly Sums Char*t 00 hereby directed to be charged for the Month ending on such Twenty-fifth Day, in respect of all and every E gi> cs, he. Engine or Engines, and Vat or Vats, or Wet Piefs or Wet Prefles, kept or used br such Paper Maker, at any and also>

Time in such Month; and also of the Quantity, Quality, and Weight of all Sorts of Paper which shall have^.

been weighed at such Mill by such Officer, in the Course of such Month, and of the Duty chargeable thereon, f^Veiufns*by Weight; and every such Return shall be a Charge on the Paper Maker, to the Amount of the Monthly shall be a Chatge Surr. payable under this Atl, in respedb of all and every such Engine or Engines, Vat or Vats, or Wet Press or so*- the Engine Wet PrefTes, and every such Paper maker shall be deemed to have made within such Month such Quantity of Duty, and f«r Paper as rail be subject, according to Weight, to a Duty equal to the Amount of the Sum so charged; and Dur^'t*

in calc the Duty chargeable in respect of the Quality and Weight of all Paper, of every Class, Denomination,

arul Ki.ul specified in such Return, as weighed within such Month, shall exceed the Amount of the Sum payable in resprA or nil and every such Engine or Engines, Vat or Vats, and Wet Press or Wet PrefTcs, then the Retina of the Officer shall be a Charge on such Payer Maker, for the Amount of such Excess, over and above t ic Aironnt of the Sum chargeable in respect of such Engine or Engines, Vat or Vats, Wet Press or Wet Pr lf' % a* aforesaid; and every such Officer shall, and he is hereby required to leave a true Copy of such Return, i.'Vt riling, under his Hand, with every such Paper Maker, or at such Paper Mid, upon Pain of forfeiting T.m.ty Pounds, fir every' Neglect or Omission in 10 doing; and such Paper Maker shall pay the Duty appearing by Inch Return and Change to have become dne and payable within Fourteen Days after the End of the Month Lr which such Return nr, d Charge shall have been made, and every such Paper Maker shall for any Default in Piyrrr.: tof such Duty forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, together with a Sum equal to Double the Amount of the Sam so returned and charged in Manner aforesaid.

IX. ' And, in order to aieertpin the Quantity of Paper aerially made by every Paper Maker, in every Quarter*of a Yrnr/ be it enacted, That nrter the Expiration of Ten Days, and within Twenty-eight Days, after the Twenty-fifth Day of June, the Twenty-fifth Day of September, the Twenty-fifth Day of December, and the Twenty-fifth Day of March, in each and every Year, on some Day and Hour to be apt ointed by the Officer in Charge of the Paper Mill of ar.v Paper Maker, and of which Day and Hour such Officer fuall give Forty.eight Hour* Notice to such Paper Maker, or leave the fame at the Mill of such Paper Maker, every Paper Maker ftffiby himself orherfiU, or by his or her Servant or Servants, produce and bring to such Officer all such Ib;?r, Pafle Board, Mill Board, Scale Board, and Glazed Paper, and other Paper of every Class, Denomi-fy.inn, and Kind whaif ever respectmlv, which shall have been made in the Quarter of a Year, preceding such Twenty-frth Day of Jane, Twenty-fifth Day of September, Twenty-fifth Day of December, and Twenty-fifth I) 17 of March receptively, and which shall not have been duly weighed by the Officer, and charged vah Duty according to the Weight thereof, and included in the several Monthly Returns thereof doring such Qu r\er, in order that the fame may be weighed and charged with Duty according to the

47 Geo. III. M Weight

r }'e*r r^r pic*1 ufiy w« fhVl

>c*<«at

lit* E y

Qujirc*, .ird

!»C4

82 /C. 3$.

Wei At t neve o f

47" GEORGII III. Sess. i.

A.D. 1807.

and

c

accordingly weigh

Led am\ charged with Duty according

f u ll Fa per Hull be to the Weight thereof, and such Officer shall make a Return thereon, according to the Weight thereof, to the Collc&orof and Ik all leave a true Copy of inch Return, in Writing, under his Hand, with every such Paper Maker, or at such Paper Mill, upon Fain of forfeiting Twenty Pounds for every Neglect or O minion in lo doing; and in case the Amount of the Duty on such Paper, according to the Weight thereof, together with the Amount of

n of all such Paper, and of the Duty payable the Didried in which such Mill shall be situate,

r Maker, for

Month; and such Paper Maker Hull pay-

due and payable within Six Days after such Return, and every such ^yment of any such Surcharge of Duty, forfeit Twenty Pounds,

IT on* Ream* a: d

Funrlles oi Piper I F.ncvh <4 P, iK !h..t»!, Sec, Ci.Ul \, c m , i ktd lu foie K^iti j VKiglud.

th 0

ary

Excels shall be a Surcharge of Duty on ft the Duty' appearing by such Surcharge to b PajK'r Maker shall, for every Default in

together with a Sure equal to Double the Amount rf the Duty so return; da r. cl lurch urged

X. And be it further enacted, That on every Cover or Wrapper, in which any Ream or Bundle of Paper of the Firil Oafs, or of Paper of the Second Class, shall be enclosed before any Rich Paper shall be brought or produced to any Officer of Excise to be weighed, there shall be marked, written, or printed, by the Maker thereof, or by his or her Servant, in large and legible C ha rafters, and in Words at Length, t lie Words, " First Oafs, " or " Second Class, ' distingui.'hing the Class f?T Paper inclosed in such Cv.ver or Wrapper, and according to which the Duty in respect of the fame is chargeable; and upon every inch Cover or Wrapper shall also be written the Date of the Year in Figures, together with a Number in Roman Numerals, denoting the Month in which Rich Paper shall have been made, the Number I. to figuify the Month commencing and to be computed from the Twenty-sixth Day of March, and ending the Pwenty-fjfrli Day of Jloril, in every' Year, the Number II. to signify the succeeding Month to the Twenty-fifth Day of May, and so on until the Number XII. in each Year, which shall signily the Month beginning the Twenty-sixth Day of February and ending* the Twenty-fifth Day of March; and after such Date of the Year and Rcri.ai Numeral, there shall be written i: i Figures the true Number of such Ream or Bundle of Paper, according to the Numbers of such Reams or Bundles of Paper of each such Class, made by the Maker thereof, at the Mill in which the same shall be made, during such Month, commencing and to be computed in Manner aforesaid, such Number to he taken j rogref-lively, beginning Number One, Number Two, and so onwards according to the Number of Reams or Bundles of Paper of each Class made at such Mill in such Month; and that on each Parcel of Palte Beard, Mill Board, Scale Board, or Glazed Paper, there shall, in like Manner, before the same shall be produced or brought to the Officer to be weighed, be marked, written, or printed, in large and legible Characters, and in Words at Length, the Description of such Parcel, and whether such Parcel is Palte Board, Mill Board, Scale Board, or Glazed Paper, and the Number of Sheets in each such Parcel, with the Date of the Year, and Reman Numeral iigni-iving the Month, and the Figure or Figures signifying the true progressive Number, of such Parcel of Palte Board, Mill Board, Scale Board, and Glazed Paper, made by such Maker at such Mill, during such Month as aforesaid; and if any Maker of Papq£, Paste Board, Mill Board, Scale Board, or Glazed Paper, shall r.cgleft to mark the said Bundles, or Reams, or Parcels, in Manner herein directed, or to cause the same to be numbered and marked as aforesaid, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XL. And be it further enacted, That all Paper and Palte Board, made in the Mill or Manufactory of any Paperroaker in Ireland, shall be produced and brought to the Officer in Charge of such Mill or Manufactory to be weighed and charged with Duty, and shall be weighed and charged with Duty accordingly, within Four Days after Rich Paper or Palte Board shall have been enclosed in Wrappers, or tied up in Parcels as directed by Law; and that if any Paper or Paste Board shall be found in any Miil or Manufactory of any Paper-rraker, which shall have been enclosed in Wrappers, or tied up in Parcels, for any longer Space of Time than Four Days, and shall not have been weighed and charged with Duty, and indorsed by the Officer accordingly, all such Paper and Palte Board shall be forfeited, and may be seized, and the Paper Maker in whose Mill or Manufactory the same shall be found, shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every Engine and Vat, or Wet Press, which shall be in the Paper Mill of any Paper Maker, on the Twenty-sixth Day of March in any Year, shall be presumed to be kept regularly at Work from that Day during the whole Year, and shall be chargeable and charged accordingly, unless the working of any such Engine shall be discontinued in Manner herein after mentioned, that is to say; every such Paper Maker may from Time to Time discontinue the working of any Engine on giving a Notice in Writing of e 25th of such Intention to discontinue such Working to the Collector of the Di it rift in which such Paper Mill is situate,

Aii P.ipei, See. #1*11 be we.ftnd ami eta: jocl wi; h Duty win in Four Dj \ s aftci i; i* id Ud m WiazC'Cis, £; c.

fjper Maker* jvav discontinue w-ii a in^; u-y K i^inc or Vat n Six Days Notice, ending

Munih.

and to the Officer in Charge of such Paper Mill, Six Days at the lead previous to the Day mentioned therein for discontinuing the fame, and specirying the Hour of the Day at which such Working is so intended to be discontinued; provided always, that no other Day than the Twenty-fifth Day of some Month (or in case the Twenty-fifth Day of any Month shall be on a Sunday, then the Twenty-fourth Day of such Month) shall be mentioned in any such Notice of Discontinuance, and that the Hour of the Day specified in such Notice shall be sonic Hour before Twelve of the Clock at Noon on such Day; at the Day and Hour specified in which Notice the Officer in Charge of such Paper Mill shall attend and fee that such Engine is no longer at Work; and the Officer in Charge of the Paper Mill shall not charge the Paper Maker with any Duty in respect of such Engine so discontinued (nor in respect of any Vat or Wet Press which shall have been used with such Engine in the preceding Month) during the Month in which the Working of such En rine shall be discontinued, in Penally on Manner aforesaid, any Thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding; And if at any Time,

hoiking Engine subsequent to the Day and Hour mentioned in any such Notice of j ifcontinuance, the Engine, of the Discon-

discoitfimusc, Bnuing the Working of which such Notice shall have been given, shall be found at Work or in UR in any

Manner

ico l, &c.

A.D. 1807.

470 GEORGII III. Sess. 1,

C. 38.

8;

Manner whatsoever, in the Process of Making of Paper, (unlefa under a Notice of Recommencement of Working in Manner herein after mentioned, ) the Paper Maker in whose Mill the same shall be so found, at Work or in Use, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and shall also be charged and chargeable with all such Sums of Money and Charges as he would have been liable to have been charged with under this Act, in case no such Notice of Discontinunncc had been given in Manner aforesaid.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Paper Maker who shall have discontinued the working of any Notice of Re*

Engine in Manner aforesaid, shall intend to set at work again any such Engine so discontinued, or to use or .commci.conirnt employ the fame in the making or manufacturing of Paper, such Paper Maker shall deliver a Notice in Writing of W0, A'n'»*ny

of such his Intention to the Collector of the District and to the Officer in c harge of the Paper Mill of such Pa* n5, nci

per Maher, Six Dav9 at lead before the Day on which such Paper Maker shall intend to re-commence the working or uling such Engine, specifying the Day and Hour on which such Paper Maker intends so to re-commence

the working or uling any such Engine, which Day shall be the Twenty sixth Day of some Month in the Year,

(or in case the Twenty-sixth Day of any Month shall be on a Sunday, then the Twenty-seventh Day of such Month); and such Officer shall attend on such Day and Time accordingly, and shall charge such Paper Maker in respect of each and every Engine and each and every Vat or Wet-Press used therewith from the Day mentioned in Inch Notice, for the Recommencement of the Working of such Engine in Manner aforesaid.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Paper Maker shall intend to employ any Engine for paper Kfjfcer

the Whole of any Month, beginning on the Twenty-sixth Day of any Month, and ending on the Twenty-fifth ftuli give Notice Day of the Month following, in the making of Paper chargeable with a higher or lower Duty than the employing Paper which such Engine shall have been before that Time employed in making, such Paper Maker shall. Six ^d!fT' 1 enrJ" Days at lead before such Twenty-sixth Day of the Month, give Notice of such his Intention to the Officer in am! shall

charge of the Mill or Manufactory of such Paper Maker: And if such Paper Maker shall make any Change in employ ti c

the Employment of any Engine without having given such Notice, or shall make any Paper with such Engine, hmc ^curd-ether than the Paper of the making of which at such Engine Notice shall have been given as aforesaid; or ii any f;

Paper Maker shall in any One Month, beginning and ending as aforesaid, make with the fame Engine any Paper, PcilJ, ly I0- chargeable with a Duty exceeding One Penny for every Pound weight thereof, and also Paper chargeable with a Duty not exceeding One Penny for every Pound Weight thereof, and if any Engine, of which Notice shall be ^iven as employed in the making of Paper chargeable with a Duty not exceeding One Penny for every Pound Weight thereof, any Materials shall he at any Time found other than old Ropes or Cordage, then and in every such Case, such Paper Maker shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no Vat in any Paper Mill of any Paper Maker shall be worked or used

in the manufacturing or making of Paper, at any Time between the Hours of Seven in the Evening sevcnVn n»c and Five in the Morning, and if any Vat shall be found in Use or at Work at any Time between the said Hours, Evening and the Paper Maker, in whose Mill such Vat shall be so found in Use or at Work, shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Five in the Pounds. Momim.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in the Paper Mill of every Paper Maker there shall be safely kept Paper Makers such Minute Books as shall be from Time to Time delivered to such Paper Maker by tiic Officer in charge or I"'1' , JnC fs: h Mill, in which Books such Paper Maker shall from Time to Time make or cause to be made true Entries of the Number of Engines, Vats, and Wet-Presses in such Mills, and the Time when the same shall be at Work or discor.tinued, as also of the Class, Denomination, Kind, and Quantity, of all Paper and Pasteboard from line to Time made by such Paper Maker at such Mill, and of the Days when the same shall be made, and when th* finr shall be put up in Bundles, or Reams, or Parcels, to be weighed, and when the lame shall he weighed,

?nd the Weight, Class, Denomination, and Kind thereof, and the Duty chargeable thereon, and of the Days and Tries when any Paper shall be font out of any Mill, and in what Parcels, and to whom and for what Puvpose; uffich Minute Books shall be kept in such Manner, and according to such Form, as shall be from Time to Time ordered and directed hr the Commissioner* of Inland Excise, and Taxe3, and shall contain all the Matters and Things aforesaid, and also all such Matters and Things as shall from Time to Time be directed by the said Com-niffio ier» to he inserted in the fame; and in case any Paper Maker to whom the said Book shall be tendered by any Officer shall refuse to receive the same, or having received the same shall refuse to make or cause to be made Inch Entries therein from Time to Time as are required by this Act, or shall wilfully tear, deface, obliterate, or alter such Book, or any Entry therein, or shall cause or procure or suffer the same to be torn, defaced, obliterated, or altered, or shall make or cause to be made any faife or untrue Entry therein, every such Paper Maker shall fur ever)- such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That every such Paper Maker shall constantly keep or cause to be kept Took - mv be every such Minute Book in the Mill of such Paper Maker, for the Inflection and Examination of every Officer nmsc-eted by j*y

- r '*- ..... nod; U.lhcis.

I-.niiies m Mi i'.str H >oks lo he lugg ed by Gilirci i, 0: 0. Penalty 5J.

Excise. until the same shall be delivered to the Collector of the DillriCl in Manner herein after Bii^iior

arid if on Demand of any Officer of Excise at such Mill, such Book shall not be produced to such Officer, or Il'ich Officer (Iroll not be permitted to inspetl and examine the fume, or shall be hindred or prevented by any Person from inspecting and examining the fame, such Paper Maker shall for every such Oiience ioricii the Sum c. Five Pounds.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Paper Maker who shall be furnished with such Book, shall on f'cry Twenty-fifth Day of Junty Twenty-fifth Day of Stpien\l*r, Twenty-fifth Day ot Dscrnilur, and Tveenty-fffih C ay of March % or within Ten Days after each of the said Days respectively, deliver or caulc to to the Collector of the l)i(lri& in which the Mill of such Paper Maker shall be lunate, all and every J3oc.x and Bocks used in the Mill of such Paper Maker, in the preceding Quarter of a Year, with every Entry therein, legible and undefaced, or in Default thereof, shall ter every Neglect forte: the Sum ot Fifty Pounds.

Mi XIX. Ar.d

S.i'i! Bcnk« fh.ili be delivered

be delivered fc

C o.ieelors of the D.itiut*

84

Pet rails Tor ea rning t'jper t»* Paper Sujncis.

The Terms

Paper nivl Paper Makerf> ice. expend to Paftrh., ar<*f See. and M <kcr» rbeieof.

Power of frith A*t* 3i G. 3. c 2*)j qt)G 3. c. 76 extended to thi* A<ff, xwept 2* altcied.

38 — 41. 47° GEORGII III. Sess. 1. A.D. 1807.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That 110 Paper shall be sent out of the Mill or Manufactory of any Paper Maker to any Paper Stainer or Person employed in the manufacturing or making Paper Hangings, or painted or stained Paper, without a Permit signed by the Officer in charge of fuclv Mill «r Manufactory, in which Permit shall be ffated the Quantity and Weight of such Paper, and the Time allowed for delivering the fame into the Stock of such Paper Stainer; and if any Paper shall be found conveying or conveyed from any Paper Maker to any Paper Stainer, or in the Possession of any Paper Stainer, without such Permit, all such Paper shall be forfeited* and may be fei/ed.

XX. And be it further enacted, That every Thing in this Act contained relating to any Paper or Paper Maker, shall be deemed and construed to extend, and shall extend to all Paper ot every Sort and Kind, and to all Paiteboard, Millboard, Sealeboard, and Glazed Paper, Paper "for Hangings, Sheathing Paper, Button Paper, and Button Board, and to every Maker and Manufacturer of every Sort and Kind of Paper, Paiteboard, Millboard, Sealeboard, Glazed Paper, Paper for Hangings, Sheathing Paper, Button Paper, and Button Board; and that every Thing in this Act contained relating to any Paper-Mill, shall be deemed and construed to extend, and shall extend, to every Manufactory and Place in which the making or manufacturing of any Paper, Paiteboard, Millboard, Sealeboard, Glazed Paper, Paper for Hangings, Sheathing Paper, Button Paper, and Button Board, shall be carried on, or in which any Paper, Paiteboard, Millboard, Sealeboard, Glazed Paper, Paper for Hangings, Sheathing Paper, Button Paper, and Button Board, shall be dried or kept, as fully as if such Matters and Things had been repeated and expressed, throughout the Body of this Act.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things contained in the said recited Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty, eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, or in an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for continuing and amending the said recited Act of the Thirty eighth Year, shall be applied in Execution of this Act as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in this Act, so far as the same are compatible and confident with the Provisions of this Act, and except so far as the same are exprefbly altered or repealed by this Act 5 And that all Penalties and Forfeitures incurred under this Act shall he paid and payable in British Currency, and shall and may be received, recovered, levied, and applied in such Manner as is directed by an Act made in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to provide for the better Execution of the federal Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters, and Things under tlx Management of the Commiftonen of Customs and Port Duties and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to settle Annuities on certain Branches of the Royal Family.

[9th April 1807.]

" Recital of Acts, 18 G. 3. c. 31.5 46 G. 3. c. T45. — Annuities to the Duke of Gloucester and the Princess u Sophia under 46 G. 3. c. 145, shall be payable during their Lives, § r.« — . Annuities to the other Branches of the Royal Family shall be payable during their respective Lives, from the Demise of the King, §2*

CAP. XL.

An Act to grant to His Majesty, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and eight, a Duty upon Malt made in Ireland, and upon Spirits made or distilled in Ireland, and to allow certain Drawbacks on the Exportation thereof.

[25th April 1807.]

u The Duties following to be paid on Malt and Spirits made between 29 September 1807* and 30 September 1808, 11 viz. on Malt, 1 os. per Barrel; on Malt or Corn Spirits, 4s. per Gallon; on Spirits from M» lafics, 5s. jxr " Gallon, §1. — Countervailing Duties on British Beer and Spirits imported into Ireland\ viz. on Beer or Ale M 78 ^id per Barrel; on Spirits, 4s. tod. per Gallon. Equivalent Drawbacks on Expottation of IriJJj Beer or Ale and Spirits, §2.- — Drawbacks on E portation of Spirits not having been warehoused, (except to Great Britain), «viz. Proof Spirits 38. 'r-Jd. per Gallon — 5 Degrees, or i<, per Cent, over Proof, 4s. 7^d. — 10 Degrees " over Proof, 43. jcd. and 2l. per Cent, on said 4s. iod. for every Degree more, §3 — Drawback on Expurta- tion from Ireland of Malt and Beer, (except to Great Britain, ) viz. Malt, the whole Duty paid; Beer or " Ale, 78. 8^d per 32 Gallons, §4. — Duties shall be levied as other Revenues of Cutloms and Excise in 11 Ireland, and carried to Consolidated Fund, §6. — No Fees to the Irish Treasury, §7. — Act may be altered M or repealed this Session, §8.

CAP. XLI.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight* and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act, made in the Forty-fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments received in several Publick OlHces in Ireland; to examine into any Abuses which may exill in the lame, and into the Mode of receiving, collecting, ifliling, and accounting for Publick Money in Ireland.

[25th April 1807.]

" 44 G. 3. c. 106. recited and continued, § I. — Irish Treasury authorized to issue 2>ooool. additional for Payment " of Clerks, &c. §2. — Commissioners may take their Oath either before the Chancellor of the Exchequer, or before any Baron, {3.

A.D. 1807, 47° GEORGII III. Scflf. i* C. 42 — *44*

85

C- W c. 51.

CAP. XLII.

An Act to continue for Twenty-one Years, so much of certain Acts of the Parliament of Inland^ as relate to the lighting, cleansing, and watching of Cities and Towns for the lighting, eleanGng, and watching of which no particular Provision is made by any Act: of Parliament,

[25th April 1807.-}

WHEREAS by an Act made in "the Parliament of Ireland, in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty's jnfh a<5>»,

Reign, intituled, An Act for continuing, reviving, and amending, fe era/ temporary Statutes, and for 5 G. 3 c. 15.

emfwwerm? the Grand Jury of the County of Kilkenny, at the /Jj7i % es, toincrease the Yearly Salary of the Treasurer §11 — iZm 4 of the said County, certain Provi lions were made with respect to the lighting and cleansing of Cities, for the lighting and cleansing of which no particular Provision was made by any Act of Parliament then in force;

1 And whereas the said Provisions were amended by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirteenth

and Fourteenth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for amending the Laws rel itive to the3* T4*

lighting and cleanfng offeveral Cities, and for establishing of Market Juries therein, and for other Purposes: And 3* 6

whereas the said recited Act of the Fifth Year aforesaid, so far as the fame relates to the lighting and cleansing.

4 of the said Ciths, was further amended and continued by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the -1 Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An A elf or reVtvingy continuing, and amending 15^.3*

1 several temporary Statutes: And whereas by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-sixth §3-1 Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to explain and amend several Acts heretofore passed for 36 G. 3.

the lighting, cleansing, and watching of Cities, Towns Corporate, and Market Towns, the Regulations and rowers in the said herein-before recited Acts were extended to Towns Corporate and Market Towns not being Cities:

And whereas the said several Acts are in force only to the End of the present Session of Parliament, and it is expedient that the fame should be further continuedhe it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent uch/»f

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this Te*cdC/UU M present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That'so much of the said herein-before recited rci-,; c, to iigjtt* Atts as relates to the lighting, cleansing, and watching of any Cities, Towns Corporate, or Market Towns in i ^, &c. ilic Ireland, for the lighting, cleansing, or watching of which no particular Provision is made fey auy Act of Par- tMie> and foment now in force in Ireland, shall be further continued, and shall be and remain in force for the Space of r', '*rns lre- Twenty-one Years from the Time of the passing of this Act. forai'Ycaru

CAP. XLIII.

An Act to declare, that the Provisions of an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-third Year of King Henry the Eighth, relating to Servants Wages, ilull extend to all Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns in Ireland, [25th dlpril 1807.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his 4 W late Majesty King Henry the Eighth, intituled, An Act for Servants /Pages; avid which Act, by an h»rt> Act 1 A&made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Eleventh Yrearof the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth, 3i* c 4 for reviving certain Statutes, was made perpetual, certain Provisions are made for ascertaining the Wages of .4 Artificers, Labourers, and Servants at Husbandry, by the Justices of the Peace in every County in Ireland

yearly, in their Session* to be holden within One Month after the Feafl of Easter\ to obviate any Doubts or 4 DiHiculties in the Conllruftion of the said Act; be it enacted and declared by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act of the Thirty-third as to the Wage# Year of his late Majesty King Henry the Eighth, and all the Provisions therein contained, relating to the Wages Artificers, of Artificers, Labourers, and Servants in Husbandry, shall extend and be conllrued to extend to every Countyr t#

of a City and County of a Town in Ireland, except only any County of a City or County of a Town where any fyccial Provision has Ix'en made for the afeertnining such Wages, by any particular Act or Acts of Parliament ill'force in Ireland at the Time of the passing of this Act.

CAP. XLIV.

An Act to amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for regulating and providing 46 G. 3. c. 9^. for the Relief of the Poor and the Management of Infirmaries and Hospitals 111 Ireland.

[25th April 1807.]

4 YK/TIEREAS by an Act, made in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, certain Provisions were ir, nde for the Relief of the Poor, and the Management of Infirmaries and Hospitals, in Ireland,

and it is expedient to make further Provisions for the Encouragement of Fever Hospitals in the several Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns in lrclanel f be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this preieut Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That whenever any Fever Hospital ha> been or shall be established in any County of a City or County of a Town in I eland, it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury' of such County of a City or County of a Town, at any Spring or Summer Alb/es, and such Grand Jury is hereby authorized to present such Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Sum of One hundred Pounds, at each such Afli/.es, as shall appear to the said Jury and to the Judge at such Afli/.e* to he neafiary for the Support of such Fever Hospital, and such Sum shall be raifcdofT the County at large, and 1, 1 i, levied and applied accordingly. Suppor

Whrn ] H > pi: 1 c(i; 0>i, li

tand

njv pr each A1

C. 45 — -4* 47 GEORGII III. Sess. i,

A.D. 1807.

f Tnh Aa

rrprnled at to Cop ec an I Cocoa Nutt; 4^ G. 3.

A* c 5*-]

ro G. 1. c. 40.

4j G. 3.132.

From July 5, 1&C7, me recited Act, to G. 1. c. IC. and ail

CAP. XLV.

An Act to continue an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for the better supplying the City of Dublin with Coals, and for the better Encouragement of the Collieries of Ireland.

[25th April\ 1807.]

Irish Act 3 r G. 2. c. 14, last continued by 40 G. 3. (/.) c. 96. §14. further continued from 1 August 1807, % i to 25 March 182J.

CAP. XLVI.

An Act: for raising the Sum of One Million five hundred thousand Pounds by way of Annuities, for the Service of Ireland.

[25th April 1807.]

" Contributors for every tool, shall be entitled to 1601. 128. icd. in British 3 per Cent. Consols, from u 5 January 1807, §1, 9*23. — Pr6perty Duty under 46 G. 3. c. 65. not payable on Dividends due 5 July 44 1807, §8. — Interest shall be paid at the Bank of England out of English Consolidated Fund, and may be 4i furnished Half-yearly by Irish Treasury, § io, 11, 12.-Loan shall be remitted to Ireland, §19.

CAP. XLVII.

An Act to authorize the Payment of Prize Money arising from Captures made by Ships of his Sicilian Majesty in Conjunction with British Ships, to the Sicilian Envoy, for the Use of the Officers and Men of such Ships; and also the Payment of Money arising out of Proceeds of Prizes or Captures made by any other Ships or Vessels belonging to Foreign States, in Conjunction with His Majesty's Ships.

[25th April 1807.]

WHEREAS certain Ships and Teflels belonging to His Sicilian Majesty acted in Conjunction with a 4 Y Squadron of British Ships and Vessels of War belonging to His Majesty under the Command of

Admiral Lord Keith at the Surrender of Genoa and Savona, and in the taking oi certain Ships and Vessels and other Property from the Enemy: And whereas Difficulties have arisen as to the paying over to the Officers and Men of the said Ship* of his Sicilian Majesty their respective Shares and Proportions of the Prize Money arising from such Surrenders and captured Property as aforesaid, as directed by His Majesty's Grant thereof: And whereas it has been deemed most adviseable to pay over the same to the Prince de Cajlelcicala Envoy Extraordinary and Miniftei Plenipotentiary of his Sicilian Majesty, or the iVinifter of his Sicilian Majesty for the Time being at the Court of London, for the Use of such Officers and Crews as aforesaid, and for the Purpose of its being distributed among such Officers and Men be it therefore enacted, Sec.

' Prize Money arising from Captures made by Sicilian Ships in Conjunction with British Ships shall be paid4 over to the Sicilian Miuiller in London for Distribution, under Orders of his Sicilian Majesty, § l. — Parties making such Payment indemnified from further Account, §2. — Proceeds ot iVi/cs made by Foreign Ships in* Conjunction with British shall be paid by Prize Agents to Ambassadors, See. specified in Orders oi Council,

&c. §3

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act to repeal so much of certain Acts as relates to the Regulations or Conditions under which Coffee, Cocoa Nuts, Sugar and Rice, (not being the Produce of the East India), are allowed to be secured in Warehouses, without Payment of Duty, and to authorize the Collectors and Comptrollers of the Cuiloms in His Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America, and the JVjl Indus, to administer certain Oaths.

[25th April 1807.]

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the

4 v First, intituled, /n /lit for repealing certain Duties there n mentioned, payable upon Coffer. Tea, Cocoa

Nuts, Chocolate, and Cocoa Pajlr imported; and for granting certain Inland Duties in lieu thereof; end for prohibiting the Importation of Chocolate ready made, and Cocoa Paj'e; and for letter ascertaining the Duties payable upon Coffee, Tea, and Cocoa Nuts imported; and for granting Relief to Robert Dalzell, late Earl of Cariuvarth; and several other Acts of Parliament, passed prior to an Act of the Forty-third Year of the f Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An /Itl for permitting certain Goods imported into Great Britain to be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, Costce, Cocoa Nuts, Sugar, and hice, (not being the Produce of the Eijl Indies), were allowed under certain Regulations and Conditions to be secured in Warehouses upon

Importation without Payment of the full Duties of Cuiloms at the Time of the first Entry of such Goods respectively; and it is expedient that the said several Acts, fu far as the fame regard or relate to the Regulations under which such Articles are respectively allowed to be waivhoused, should be repealed: ' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hoi.drtd arid seven, the said Act so passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King Georg: the First, and all and each and every other Act and Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately before

the passing of the said Act of the Forty-third Year of the R/: ga of His present Majesty, so for as the fane regard or relate to the Regulations or Conditions under which Cv/ftee, Cocoa Nuts, Sugar and Rice, (not being the Produce of the East Indies)', are allowed to be secured in Warehouses without Payment of the full Duties of

'*' cbv

87

A t< pii »r to 4; G. . c. 132. rd.it in* to t!ic Retjui. ns under a t ch Sujjar and K .e aic w.trci uutccl w iUu-ut P.ynnujt' of Duty, rop<*n!- d.

Ttic Pruvifionj o: 42 G 3. C. 0. coi tm.icij by 44 G. 3. c. 30. Riul of 45 G. 3.

C 34. exceptrd. G.<o(is imported unrfei those Acts 111 Hi. he waie-houh d under the Provision* of 43 G. 3- c. 13?.

m

is

present Majesty, intituled, /Jn /it (or repealing lever.il Acts in dc in the Thirty-fifth, 1 "b: rty-sixth, and Thirty ninth and Firticih Tears of the Feign of I(is present Majesty, relating to ih* Ad mi fit on of certain Articles of Merchaiidixe in Kutrjl Ships* and to the [fining 0) Orders in Conned for that Purpose. and for making other Provif ns in lieu thereof* ti continue until thi First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and four\ and which Act, so far as it relates to Importations into Great Britain under Orders in Council, and into Ireland under the Orders of the Lord I/Vutenant and Council there, from any Territory, Possession, or Country, not under the Dominion of His Mildly, or the Continent of /meric a, or in the I Ye* Indies, of any Gcoda or Commodities whatever the Produce oi inch Territories, Possession?, or Countries, in Ships or Vessels belonging to Persons of any Country in Amity with His'aje iy was by an Act of the Forty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to revive cn continue, umil Eight Months after the Ratification rf a Definitive Treaty of Peace, an Act made in the Fcrly-fcond Fear of His present Majesty, for repealing fever A Acts relating to the Admission of certain /r tides of Mercian-Jizs in neutral Ships, aid to the iff tun? Orders in Council for that Purpo'c, and for making other Provif inns in lieu therm', ova also in indemnify ad Perfctis who have Ice n concerned in [fining or carrying into Execution Orders of C.fr per, nit ting /he Importation rf certain Goods from America in neutral dhips, continued until Eight Months afte*r the Ratification of a Dehnitive Treaty of Peace; nor shall any Thing herein contained extend or he c: mlimed to extend to, or in any Way affect or alter, the Provisions of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Forty liitli Year of His present M: \jesty, intituled, An Act to permit the Importation of Goods and Commodities from Cor.:; ns in America lehn f/ng to any Foreign European Sovereign or State, in neutral Ships, during the present (Far, av.A v/il Six: (jiilhs after the Ratification oj a Definitive Treaty cf Peace: Provided nevertheless, that upon the Importation of any Goods, in purfuar.ee of the Three last mentioned Acts, the fame shall, upon landing, be l »<h; (c and lmirtd in Warehoukv, under and subject to ad and each and every the Rules, Regulations, Con-Roll fictions, Peiialt.es*, and Forfeitures, n3 far r.s the same are applicable, to which any Goods are [dree! a id liable when landed and Loured in Warehouses under the Provides of the said recited Act of the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; any Thing in either of the said recited Acts, passed iti the Furty-feeond, Forty-fourth, and Forty-litth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, to the contrary in anw'.re notwithstanding.

II.'And Whereas upon the Importation of certain Articles, the Produce of His Majesty's Colonies and

Plantations in Anerra or the V/tfl Indie, a Certificate is required by La-.v to be delivered to the Officers of the 1 C/toms at the Port of Entry, ligsed by the Collector and Comptroller and Naval Officer at the Port where

such Articles are-loaded for Exportation, felting forth that proof has been made before Two of His Majesty's

Jniliccs of the Pence, by the Grower or Planter of fitch Articles, that the same are actually the Growth and

Produce of inch Planters or Growers Plantation; and as no such Justices are Gr may be resident at some of the ' Colonies and Plantations which have been or may be surrendered to His Majesty ilnce the Commencement of tin* nrcferit Hotlifitics, it is cxped.ent to make further Provision with respect to the Persons before whom such A iidavits Hull hereafter be made be it therefore enacted, That where, by any Act or Acts of Par'iatr.cnt re la*. ive to the Trade of the British Colonies and Plantations in America, or the West India, an Affidavit ILillbe required to be made by the 1'lanter or Grower of any Article intended to be shipped for Exportation to (nsi IIAttain or Ireland, previous to the shipping thereof, in order to prove that such Article is really and truly t!.e Produce of such Colony or Plantation, and there shall not beany Justices of the Peace at such Colony or Plantation before whetn Inch Affidavit can be made, it (1 vail and may be lawful for the Planter or Grower to nuke the fame before the Codeclor and Comptroller, or other Chief Officer of the Customs, or any Two of them, at the Port or Place from whence any such Articles may be intended to be shipprd for Exportation, which Affidavit they are hereby' authorized and required to take; and in the Certificate which the Collector and Comptroller and Naval Officer, or any Two of them, are required by Law to deliver to the Shipper, they shall alh> certify that there are not any Justices of the Peace resideiit at or within such Colony or Plantation, and upon the Importation of any such Articles into Great Britain or Ireland the same shall be admitted to Entry at such and the like Duties as are charged upon Articles when accompani d with the Certificate now required by Law, fiihjett to the several Rules and Regulations, Rcflri&ions, Penalties, and Forfeitures to which such Articles are liable on Importation into Great Britain or Ireland; any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act for permitting the Exportation"of Fullers Earth, Fulling Clay, and Tobacco Pipe Clay, to any Placc in Possession of His Majesty* [25th April 1807.]

WHEREASbvan passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

1* An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into one Act of Parliament, fiver al Laws new in being fur preventing 2$ G. 3. c. 38.

1 the Exportation of Live v beep. Ranis, and Lambs, IVout* Woof els, Mortlings, Short limy, Tarn and Worfied Hull n.a rxic d

Crud, Coverlids, IV ddings, and other Manufactures, cr pretended Manufactures made of Wool, slightly wrought up ^, rrhc.

1 or otherwise p t together, so as the fame may be redu ed to and made use if as Wool again, Mattrajfes or Beds fluffed FuUr.Va tV°

4' Vuh Combed Wool or Woolfit for combing, Fullerf Earth, Fulling Clay, and Tobacco Pipe Clay, from this Kingdom, &c. to al)y fLce

i and.

Adid .vits'rtquned by Live to uiovc triat tJ.c Aiticies arc the Produce of the Colony may be t.iken by the Collectors and C'omptr ilkrs of the C.iltoms, in the Cubnicj.

C. 49j5°*

47° GEORGII III. Sess. i.

D. 1807.

in Possflion of

H is M.»j'fty while allowed to be exp ted to the Sugat-Suhnitt.

and from the ip.es of JerfeY, Guemfev, Alderney, Sark, and Man, into foreign Parts; and for rendering more effectual an Act passed in the Truenly third Year of the Reign of Ring Henry the Eighth, intituled, "An Act for the " winding of Woolf' Fullers Earth, Fulling Clay, and Tobacco PipeClay are prohibited to be exported except

to any British Sugar Colony or Plantation in the West Indies: And Whereas it is expedient to allow the

Exportation of the said Articles to any other of His Majesty's Possessions be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That nothing in the said Act of the Twenty -eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, shall extend or be deemed or construed to extend to prohibit the Exportation ot Fullers Earth, Fulling Clay, and Tobacco Pipe Clay, from any Port in Great Britain to any Place whatever, which now is or may hereafter be in His Majesty's Possession, in any Ship or Vessel which may lawfully trade thither, so long as the Exportation thereof shall he so allowed to His Majesty's said Sugar Colonies or Plantations, by virtue of any Act now in force or hereafter to be made.

Present Duties of Stamps th.ill cea'« Uom $tk V*y of July 1&07.

New Duties and A*lww uuet £r*nn-(! atioid-tu Schedule! A. d. and C.

CAP. L.

An Act to repeal the several Duties under the Care of the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland, and to grant new and additional Duties in lieu thereof; and to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties in Ireland.

[25th dpril 1807.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS it is expedient to repeal the several Rates and Duties upon Stamped Vellum, Parchment, v*and Paper, and upon other Articles and Things under the Care of the Commissioners for managing the Stamp 1 'utics in Ireland, and to consolidate and funplify the fame; be it therefore enacted, by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and singular the Duties of Stamps, and other Duties under the Care and Management of the Commissioners for managing the Duties upon Stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, in Ireland, and all Allowances on the Purchase of Stamps granted and made payable by any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, 0 all, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seven, cease and determine, save and e ccpt in all Cases relating to the recovering, allowing, or paying any Arrears of Duties, or Allowances remaining unpaid; and in all Cases relating to any* Offence, Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, which shall have been committed or incurred under the said Acts or any of them, on or before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seven.

II.*And Whereas the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament afiqmbled, towards raising the necessary Supplies grantedtoYour Majesty, and for the Support of your Majesty's Government, 1 have resolved to grant toYour Majesty several new and other Duties on Stamped Veilum, Parchment and Paper, c and upon other Avticles and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Stamp Duties in Ireland\ and

do most humbly be eech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it therefore enacted, That from and after laid Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seven, in lieu and in ilead of the said Luties and Allowances by this Act repealed, there fiiallbe raised, levied, collected, and paid in Ireland, unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for and in respect of the several instruments. Articles, Matters and Things mentioned, enumerated, and described in the Schedules marked A. and B to this Act annexed, the feveril Sums of Money and Duties as they arc r.-spectively inserted, described, and set forth in Words and Figures in the said Schedules marked A. and B; and that there shall be made, allowed, and paid, for or in respect of all such Articles, Matters, and Things, as are inserted, enumerated, and described in the Schedule marked C. to this Act annexed, the several Allow mces or Sums of Money respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the said Schedule marked C. any Thing in any former Act or Acts contained to the contrary mlwithstanding; and that no Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid or given in the Nature of Discount or Allowance on the Purchase of Stamps, other than such aa is and are e pressed and directed in the said Schedule marked ^C.); any Thing in any former Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Duties and Allowances by this Act granted and made payable, Itali bcinBrinih save and except Duties less than Sixpence, and Duties exceeding Sixpence and less than One Shilling), shall be

CXtC^t Pa^ and payable according to the Amount thereof, in British Currency; and that »n all Cams where any Duties of Stamps, or any Allowances in respect thereof, are directed to be ascertained by the Amount of any Sum in respect whereof such Duties are imposed or such Allowances are made, such Amount and the Duties and Putirs ftiAM be Allowances in respect thereof shall be e/limated, calculated, and taken in British Currency.

um^m 1 he Ma-

IV. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties and Allowances hereby granted and made payable,

n. gement shall be m der the Government, Care, and Management of the Commissioners for the Time being appointed to

nTfhoner?m" manage the Duties charged upon Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper in Ireland.

'll Monies V. A.-.d be it further enacted, That all Monies arising by the several Duties hereby granted shall be paid

anfw°byC*he from Time to Time by the several Distributors of Stamps in Ireland, into the Hands of the Receiver General for

PutiL u..wl be t. e Time being of the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper in Ireland, and to no other Person pj-.ri to the Ktceiver General ot Stamps, and 1 y n. mio the info Ex < licquei nd earned to the Trifli <^UviJda ed Fund.

Dutiei, etc*

Parchment, and carried to and made

Paper, are by Law directed to be paid; and ail Monies so paid into the said Kcccip. n le Part ©t the Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

\I. Ar.d

C»

C. 50.

89

VI. And be it further enacted, That the several Distributorx of Stamps employed in the City or the County of the City of Dublin, shall, from Time to Time, pay all Monies received by them into the Hands of the Receiver General of Stamps, in such Manner as they are now by Law required; and that the several Distributors of Stamps employed in all other Parts of Ireland shall, on every Wednesday in every Week after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seven, unless the same shall be an Holydav, and then on the next ensuing Day which shall not be an Holyday, or as specclily after such IVe chief day or other Day ai the Disttnce of inch Diilributon respectively shall permit, pay all Svims received by them, and then in their Hands respectively, to the kid Receiver General of Slamp Duties, and to no other Person or Persons whomsoever; any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties in Ireland shall cause to be kept a distinct Account of the Amount of all such Money as shall arise from One Half or Moiety of the respective Duties of Twenty Pounds in the said Schedule (A.) mentioned, on the Admission of any Student into the Society of King's Inns, and on the Admission of any Barriller into the Inns of Court; and from the Sum of Seven Pound*, out of the Duty of Fifty Pounds in the said Schedule mentioned, upon each Part of Indentures binding an Apprentice to an Attorney or Solicitor; r.nd that out of the Monies paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer of Ireland by the Receiver Gcncnd of Stamp Duties, the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, shall cause the Amount of all such Sums respectively to be from Time to Time paid to the Treasurer of the said Society of King's Inns, to be applied by him in such Manner as shall be directed by the said Society.

VIII.*And Whereas it may happen that Stationers and other Persons may, after the passing of this Act,

1 have Stamps which have not been used, and which, from the Alterations herein made, may not be applicable to the Purposes for which they were originally intended; and it is expedient that such Stationers and other Person* should be allowed to exchange the fame for other Stamps/ be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of Stamps in Ireland, and they are hereby authorized and required, it any Time within Twelve Months after the passing of this Act, to deliver to such Persons as shall apply for the fame, in Exchange for Stamps which by the Alterations in this Act made, may have become useless or inapplicable to the Purposes for which they were originally intended, such other Stamps as the Party or Parties applying shall require, without Regard to the Value or Amount of each Stamp returned, so as the Value or Amount of the whole Quantity of Stamps to be delivered doth not exceed the actual Value or Amount of the whole Quantity of Stamps returned 5 any Thing in this Act or any other Act or Aftt of Parliament co .Mined to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That any Deed, Instrument, Matter or Thing, which shall be damped 0! impressed with any Stamp of greater Value than the Stamp required by Law, shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, although the Stamp on such Deed, Inllrumei.t, Matter or Thing, shall not be of the particular Denomination or Description required by Law; any Statute, Law, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted, That upon Oath (or solemn Affirmation of a known Quaker) made at the

Head Office in Dublin, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners of Stamps, or any of them, or of airy Officer to fca by them in that Behalf appointed (which Oath or Affirmation the said Commissioners are, or any afthem is, and the said Officer also is hereby authorized to administer, in lieu of any other Oath now required by Law) that any Stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, printed, engrossed, or written upon and inadvertently and undesignedly obliterated, or by any other Means rendered unfit for the Purpose intended, hath not been executed or signed by any Party or Parties, or used for any of the Purposes for which the fame was or were intended, and that the Person making such Affidavit hath not, nor hath any other Person on his Account, received, and that such Person will not receive any Money, or other Consideration. for the Stamp thereupon; and that the said Stamp or Stamps is or are really and truly the Property of the Person making such Affidavit, and have or hath been paid for by such Person, to the full Amount of the Duty thereon, and that such Person wiilbcaLofer to such Amount, unless such Person shall receive other Stamps in lieu thereof; and in case the Person or Persons wh< shall bring and deliver any Quantity of such Stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, rendered unfit for Use, shall produce at the same Time the like Quantity of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, to be stamped, then and in even' such Case, the said Commissioners shall cause the same to be stamped or marked, with the several and respective Duties fbmped, marked, or impressed, on the Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, so rendered anfit for Use, without demanding or taking, directly or indirectly, for the Duty on the fame, any Sum of Money, tr other Consideration whatever.

XI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and (even, wbrre any Duty is by this Act, or by the Schedules hereto annexed, or any of them, directed to be paid according to the Number of Sheets, every such Sheet shall be computed and calculated to contain Seventy-two Words, (except where express Mention is made in the said Schedules or auy of them, of any other or different Quantity or Mode of Calculation); and that in ail Cases where any Stamp Duty of Ten Shillings and Five Shillings are imposed, according to the Number of Sheets, the Number of Stamps to be put on the Skm or Skin*, or Pitce or Pieces of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Sheets or Piece or Pieces of Paper, upon which any Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, Instrument, or Writing, shall be engrossed, written or printed, shall he regulated in Manner following; that is to say, where the Quantity of Words of which such Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, Instrument, or Writing shall conlift, shall not amount to Thirty computed Sheets in the Whole, calculated as aforesaid, and the same shall be engrossed, written, or printed on One Skis or Sheet or Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper only. One Stamp of Ten

47Gxo.ni. N Shilling*

All O'ftiibutor* is Dublin; md the Country, shall remit their Money to the Receiver General.

Account shall bm kept by Sump Office of Moiety of Duty o( ioL on Admission of S'udout* and Bari ister*, and 7l. out of 50l. Duty on Apprentices Indentures; and paid by the Treasury to the King's Inns. Stamps become useless may be exchanged within n Month*.

Tnftrumetifiwhli a Stamp greater than reqtiiftto valid.

Spoiled Stamps may be changed on Oath ar Affirmation m »de a* here required. (See 43 G. $. til*

The Number and Value of Stamps for Deeds according to their JLenglh, shall becalcu-lated in Manner herein specified, via.

Where a Deed shall ConfWt of left than 30 Sheets, and bq written en a Tingle Skin One Stamp of aotr

C. 50.

47° GEORGII III. Sefli. A.D. 1807.

Shillings shall be put on the Skin or Sheet, or Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, on which the same shall If written on be engrafted, written, or printed; and if the same shall be engrafted, written, or printed on more than One more Skins than Skin or Sheet, or Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, then a Stamp of Ten Shillings shall be put on the One, 1 os. ftr the First Skin, or Sheet or Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, and a Stamp of Five Shillings on every other'other* °F Skin, or Sheet or Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, on which the same shall be engrossed, written, or printed: And where the Quantity or Number of Words of which such Indenture, Lease, or Bond, or other Deed, Instrument, or Writing, shall conftft, shall amount unto Thirty such computed Sheets or more, and if such Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, Instrument, or Writing, shall be engrossed, written, or printed, on One Skin or Sheet, or Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, then One Stamp of Ten Shillings shall be put upon such Skin or Sheet, or Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, for the first entire Quantity of Fifteen computed Sheets of which such Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, Instrument, or Writing flinty consist; and also a Stamp of Five Shillings for the next entire Quantity of Fifteen computed Sheets, and lo progressively One other Stamp of Five Shillings for each further entire Quantity of Fifteen computed Sheets, of which such Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, Instrument, or Writing shall conlift, over and above the Firit Fifteen Deeds above 30 computed Sheets: And if such Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, Instrument, or Writing, confiding Shecis written on Gf Thirty computed Sheets or more, shall be engrossed, written, or printed on more than One Skin or Shector SjTi'n ^oTonthe ^ece Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, then a Stamp of Ten Shillings shall be put on the First Skin or Sheet Pu'skin, and or Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, and also a Stamp of Five Shilling's for each entire Quantity of Fif-5s. for each 15 teen computed Sheets, which such First Skin or Sheet, or Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper shall contain

every Deed*, &c.

confining of 30 Sheets or mote, W-itUn on One Skin 1 os. for the First 15 Sheets;

55/ for the next 15 Sheets.

St.imps in the Whole, to the full Amount of Duty, either according to the adhial Skins or computed Sheets.

No Stamp for any Excess less than 15 Sheer* unless written on a fe arate 5 kin, and then 5s.

Stamp Duties ad valorem shall be paid in reflect of 1 he First 15 Sheets inftc^d of0S. Duty.

for each 15 Sheds above the F ilt in such Deeds ft.imped ad valorem.

Not to extend to C'lVs cx jrcftly exempted.

Mortgage*, &c. Ji.ih-lc to the ad valorem St -tups only-on ti e Fuft Sk in of tli< Part executed by ti c Mjjrgaguf, &c.

Renewal of

Leah s li - Me to a 5 -n f> Duty as O.i^L .ds,

many Stamps in the Whole and no more, shall be imposed in respect of every Indenture, Lea: e, Bond, or other Deed, that the full Duty for the same shall be paid, either according to the Number of Skins or Sheets, or Pieces of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, on which the same shall be atfhially engrossed, written, or printed, or according to the Number of computed Sheets of which such Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, shall actually conftft, whichever shall produce the greatest Amount of Duty, according to the Duties, Calculations, and Regulations in this ^V6l, and the Schedule thereto contained: Provided always, that if the Quantity or Number of Words of which any such Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, Instrument, or Writing, shall conftft, shall, after calculating every entire Quantity of Fifteen computed Sheets thereof in Manner aforesaid, exceed the Number of such computed Sheets so calculated by a less Number of Words than other Fifteen such computed Sheets, no Stamp shall be required for such Excess above the Number of computed Sheets so calculated, u lless such Excess or some Part thereof shall be engrossed, written, or printed on a distinct Skin, or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which less than Fifteen Sheets in the Whole shall be engrossed, written, or printed, in which Case a Stamp Duty of Five Shillings shall be put on the Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which such Excess or Part thereof shall be engrossed, written, or printed; Provided also, that where a Stamp Duty is imposed on any Indenture, Bond, Lease, or other D cd, Instrument, or Writing, in Proportion to the Amount of Rent referred, or of Money lent or paid, such Stamp Duty shall be paid and payable jin lieu of the Stamp Duty of Ten Shillings) on the First Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which fiuh Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, Instrument, or Writing, shall be engrossed, written, or printed, and in respeCi only of any Number of Words not amounting to the Quantity of Thirty computed Sheets, of which such Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, Instrument, or Writing, shall conftft; and that in nefpcdl of each and every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, more than one on which Inch Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, Instrument, or Writing, shall be engrossed, written, or printed, or in respc£l of each and every entire Quantity of Fifteen Sheets, of which such Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, Instrument, or Writing, over and above the First Fifteen computed Sheets thereof, a Stamp Duty of Five Shillings shall be paid, and the Number of Stamps shall be calculated and put on the Skin or Skin-, or Sheet or Sheets, or Piece or Pieces of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, on which such Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, Instrument, or Writing, shall be engrossed, written, or printed, according to the Directions of this Act, as in cale of any Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, Instrument, or Writing, not chargeable according to the A mount of Rent reserved or Money lent or paid: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall extend to Cabs v here it is exprefiy provided in this Act, or any of the Schedules hereto annexed, that any Duty imposed and mentioned in such Schedule shall not be charged upon or in respect of more than One Skin or Piece of Vellum or ! archment

XII. Provid' d also, and be it further enacted, That the Duty by this Act and the Schedule (A.) hereto annexed, imposed on any Deed or other Instrument for the Security by way of Mortgage' of any Sum of Money lent on any F.state or Property whatever, or for the Sale, Settlement, or Conveyance of any Property whatsoever, whether Real or Personal, according to the Amount of the Money lent or of the Consideration paid, shall be paid anu - ayable only on the First Skin or Piece or Sheet of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, on which the Part of such Deed or other Instrument which shall be executed by the Mcrtgagor or Grantor shall be engrossed, written, or printed; ai d that the First Skin or Sheet or Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, on winch the Part of such Deed or instrument which shall be executed by the Mortgagee or Grantee, shall be engrosstd, written, or printed, shall be liable to such Stamp or Stamps as any Deed or Instrument of the like Nature, not chargeable according to the Amount of Money lent or Consideration paid.

XIII. And be it enacted and declared, That every Deed or Instrument whereby any Lease or Demise of Lunds, Tenements, or Hereditaments ia Ireland, shall be renewed, shall be deemed and taken, and is hereby

S declared

A.D. 1807. 47° GEORGII III. Sess. ii C. 50. 91

d-chred to he liable to the Stamp Duty by this Act imposed on any Indenture, Lease, Reloafe, or Deed,

Minute, or Memorandum, or legal or equitable Article, for setting or demifing Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in like Manner as such Indenture, Lease, lleleaic, or Deed, Minute or Memorandum, or legal or.7ya pars equitith'c Article, is in the First Instance liable; [and every such Deed or Instrument, whereby such Lease or repeated47 G. 3. Demise shall be renewed, which shall not be stamped accordingly, shall be wholly void and of no Effect.1] ft- 14- § J4*

XIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred Conveyancer*, and (even, every Person being a Member of the Society of King's Inns in Dublin, who shall practise as afpecial &c- *11 take Pleader, or as a Draftsman in any Court of Equity, or as a Conveyancer, or who shall draw or prepare any Certificate* Conveyance of, or Deed relating to any Real or Personal Ellate, or any Proceedings in Law or Equity, shall r annually, between the First Day of November and the Commencement of Hilary Term then next following,

during inch Time as lie Hall continue so to practise, deliver or cause to be delivered to the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties or to any Officer or Officers appointed for that Purpose by them, at the Head Office of Stamps in Duilin, a Paper or Note in Writing, containing the Name and usual Place of Residence of such Person, and tlatirg whether he has so practised Three Years or not, and thereupon and upon Payment of the Stamp Duty payable, according to the Time he shall have practised as Hated in such Paper, Note, or Writing, every such Pei ion shall be entitled to ? Certificate duly llamped, to denote the Payment of the Duty imposed according to the Time he shall have p radii ltd as aforesaid; which Certificate the said Commissioners, or such Person or Persons as shall be appointed by them for that Purpose, shall cause to be immediately issued under the Hand and Name of the proper Officer, in such Form as the said Commissioners shall devise.

XV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred P^foni stall and (even, it shall not be lawful for any Person ip Ireland, to draw or prepare any Conveyance of, or Deed draw Cunvey-relating to any Real or Personal Estate, or any Proceedings in Law or Equity, for or in Expectation of any Fee, BirrUtcrV^ Cain, Profit, or Reward, directly or indirectly, who shall not be a Serjeant at I.aw or Barn Her, or an Attorney Artornies*

or Solicitor, Prodlor, Agent, or Procurator, duly admitted into some Court in Ireland, or a Special Pleader, Conveyancers, Draftsman in Equity, or Conveyancer, being a Member of the King's Inns, and having taken out a Certificate &c riuT as such Attorney, Solicitor, Proctor, Agent, or Procurator, Special Pleader, Draftsman, or Conveyancer ad"j'tted an rripedively, duly Hamped according to Law: And every Person other than and except such Serjeant at Law, Certificate*. Barritler, Attorney, Solicitor, Proctor, Agent, or Procurator, Special Pleader, Draftsman, or Conveyancer, Penalty 50l. who shall draw or prepare any such Conveyance, Deed, or Proceedings, for or in Expectation of any Fee,

Gain, Profit, or Reward, direct, or indirect ly, shall for every Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds:

Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to Persons solely employed to engross any Deed, Exceptions* instrument, or other Proceedings not drawn or prepared by themselves, and for their own Account respectively, nor to any publick Officers drawing or preparing official Instruments applicable to their respective Offices, and \VilJ*C&c. in the Course of their Duty; nor to prevent any Person or Persons from drawing or preparing any Will or other Testamentary Paper, or any Agreement not under Seal, or any Letter of Attorney.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Attorney or Solicitor, Proctor, Agent, Attorney shall or Procurator, to fuc out any Writ or Process, or to commence, prosecute, carry on, or defend, any Action or not Prait, fc bT Suit, or any Proceeding, as an Attorney or Solicitor, Proctor, Agent, or Procurator, either in his own Name p^inir without or in the Name of any other Person, or jointly with any other Person as his Partner, Agent, or otherwise, taking out yearly who shall not have obtained such yearly Certificate, as by an Act of the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Certificate under Reign, intituled, yin /4ft to repeal the several Duties under the Care of the Commissioners for managing the Duties 46 G. 3. c. 64. upon Stamped Fcllum, Parchment, and Paper in Ireland, and to grant new and additional Duties in lieu thereof \ and §24'*7*

to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties in Ireland, is required, for the Year in which he shall so practise a? an Attorney, Solicitor, Prodlor, Agent, or Procurator; and if any Attorney, Solicitor, Prodlor, Agent, or Procurator, shall act contrary to the Directions of this Act or the said recited Act, he shall be liable to all such Pains, Penalties, and Disabilities as by the said lass recited Act are imposed on Persons acting without having obtained such Certificate as aforesaid.

"Writs shall he duly returned and filed. Penalty 50l. §17. [Repealed 47 G. 3. fl % 2. c. 14. §15.] —

41 All Acceptances shall be written on Front of Bills of Exchange. $ 18. [Repealed 47 G. 3. Jl. 2. c. 14. §15.]

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for every Body Politick or Corporate. Corporation Minute* of cr Company, iw Ireland, which shall admit ar.y Person or Persons into any such Corporation or Company, by Admission info the; .viel.es, or by some Person or Persons employed by such Corporation or Company, and they are hereby C>ipoMii, n* required previously to the Admission of any such Person into any such Corporation or Company, to demand ^prd

and rece ive for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, of and from the Person 10 to be admitted, pen^j, ^V. and the fevtr.il and respective Stamp Duties which shall be then by Law payable on the Entry, Minute, or Memo- tj.e Atfmiflica nrdum of Admission of such Person into such Corporation or Company; and the Town Clerk, or Clerk, or void, other Officer of such Body Politick or Corporate, Corporation or Company, shall make an Entry, Minute, or (^ce^G. 3.

M ntonreum, of such Admission, upon the proper Stamp, in some Book, Roll, or Record, of fin h Corporation c 64- zz)

or Company, within One Month after such Person shall be so admitted into such Corporation or Company, and

if such Town Clerk, Clerk, or other Officer, shall neglect or refule f > to do, he shall for every such O: fence,

ferhit the Sum of Ten Pounds; [and every such Entry, Minute or Memorandum, of Admission, shall bear

bate and t ike Effect from the Day whew the same shall be made, written and entered upon the proper Stamp,

pur faint to the Directions of this Act, and not before, and if the Stamp Duty on any such Entry, Minute, or

Memorandum, shall remain unpaid by the Space of One Month after the Day of Meeting of Inch Body 3 This TV/

Politick or Corporate, Corporation or Company, on which such Admission was directed, thmi such Admission repeated47 G. 1. t»f such Personinto such Corporation or Company shall be entirely void, and of none Effect.2J ft- 2-c- K 5

N 2 XX. And

92

0(8ecrt of til Courts shall cause Rule Buokl to be (1 raped. (See 46 G. 3.

4- §3)

and on any Kegle^, shall be iiabletu Penalties tinder 46 G. 3. c. 64. §1 z.

Rule Books of Sup or Courts may be stamped at the End of each Term.

{ j4s f Infer hr Courts fee 47 G. yjt. i.

-Officer* shall note Number of Sheets in Copies of Pleadings, c.

Copies of Depositions, Jec. shall be marked for Plaintiff or Defendant, and lead by each Accordingly.

Rankers may ftgifter their Firms with the Txealury.

Receipts (halt be good only for the Sum expressed, unless iiamped as Receipts ia full.

Licences toDeal-ert to Stamps may be revoked] (See 46 G. 3.

«f 64. §43-) Licences shall extend only to Places named thereiar

C. 50..47° GEORGII III. Sess.r. A.D. 1807.

XX. And be it farther enabled, That the Officer or Officer^ of each and every Court of Law or Equity, or of any Ecclesiastical Court, or Court of Admiralty, or of any other Court in Ireland, holding Pleas, where the Debt or Damage doth amount to Forty Shillings, or the Thing in Demand, or Cause of Suit, is of that Value, having the legal Custody of the Rule Books belonging to each of the said Courts respectively, shall cause such Rule Books to be duly stamped, in Manner directed by the said recited Act of the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, or by this Act, in such Manner as it such Officers and Conns were specifically, named in the said recited Act and this Act 5 and all such Officers shall be subject to such Penalties for any Neglect or Misconduct in the Execution of their Offices respectively, as are imposed on Officers for Neglect r Misconduct, in and by the said recited Act of the Forty-sixth Year aforesaid, or by this Act, as fully to all Intents and Purposes as if such Penalties were expressly repeated and re-enacted with respect to the said Officer*.

XXI. And, for the more conveniently ascertaining the Duties on Rules and Orders to be From Time to Time made and given in Causes depending in the said Courts of King's Bench, Common i leas. Chancery, or F.xche-quer, be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Officer or Officers of each and every such Court# respectively, having the legal Custody of the Rule Books belonging to each of the said Courts respectively, within Ten Days after the Taft Day of each and every Term, to produce and bring such Rule Books to the proper Officer, to be appointed by the said Commissioner* of Stamps for that Purpose, at the Head Office of the said Commissioners in Dublin; and such Officer or Officers shall insert in each and every such Rule Bookt immediately after the last Rule entered therein, at the Time of producing the fame, a Certificate duly signed by such Officer or Officers of the said Courts respectively, dating the Number of Rules and Orders of such Courts respectively made or entered in such Rule Books in such preceding Term and Vacation 5 and such Officer or Officers shall thereupon pay the full Amount of all such Stamp Duties as shall be then by Law payable for or in respect of such Rules or Orders respectively; and the said Rule Books shall thereupon be stamped with some Stamp or Stamps, denoting the full Amount of the Whole of the Stamp Duties payable in respect of the several Rules so made and entered in such preceding Term or Vacation, which Stamp or Stamps shall be as few in Number as shall be requisite to shew the Amount of Duty so paid in Pounds and Shillings, and shall be placed on the fame Page on which the Certificate of such Officer or Officers shall be written as aforesaid; and if any Officer of any of the said Courts shall neglect or omit to bring such Rule Book or Rule Books, or to furnifa such Certificate or Certificates, or pay such Duties as aforesaid, then and in every such Case, every such Officer shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Officer of any Court of Law or Equity in Ireland shall make out or deliver any attested Copy of any Pleading or Proceeding of any Nature or Kind whatever ia such Court, such Officer shall in the Book in which Entry shall be made of any such Pleading or Proceeding, mark in Figures the Number of Office Sheets of which such Copy shall consist, and shall in like Manner mark on the Back of every such Copy the Number of Office Sheets contained therein.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That every attested Copy of any Interrogatories or any Depositions in the Court of Chancery, or in the Equity Side of the Court of Exchequer, shall be signed by the Examiners of the said Courts respectively 5 and every such Examiner shall state and appoint in Writing at the Foot of every such attested Copy, whether the fame is to be read by or on the Part of any Complainant or Plaintiff, or by or on the Part of any Defendant in the Suit in which such Interrogatories or Depositions shall have been taken; and it shall not be lawful for any such Complainant or Plaintiff to read or give in Evidence any Copy of any such Interrogatories or Depositions which shall be so appointed to be read on the Behalf of the Defendant in such Suit, nor for any Defendant to read or give in Evidence any such Copy which shall be so appointed to be read on Behalf of the Complainant; any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Bankers in Ireland to register the Firm of the Bank or Banks to which they do or shall respectively belong, or the Name or Names of the Partners in such Bank or Banks with the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of It eland; and that all Persons so registering themselves as Bankers shall, to all Intents and Purposes, be considered as Bankers within the Meaning of the Laws now in force in Ireland.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That no Receipt shall be received in Evidence as a Discharge, or as any Proof of the Payment of any Sum not actually expressed and specified therein, unless such Receipt shall have the proper Stamp for a Receipt in full of all Demands: Provided always, that where any Receipt for any Sum or Sums of Money shall purport to be in full of all Dealings or Demands, or in full of any particular Dealing or Dealings, and shall not have the proper Stamp for a Receipt in full, such Receipt may nevertheless be given in Evidence to prove the Payment of the Sum or Sums so expressed therein, if it shall have the Stamp proper for such Sum or Sums, or if such Sum or Sums be so small as not to require any Stamp thereon.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland, by Notice under his or their Hand or Hands, to revoke, annul, and make void, any Licence granted by the said Commissioners, or any One of them, to any Person or Persons to deal in or retail Stamps in Ireland5 any Thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Licence shall at any Time he granted by the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties to any Person or Persons to fell Stamps or to manufacture Hats, or to fell Hats by Retail in any particular House, Place, or District, mentioned in such Licence, such Person or Persons shall not he thereby authorized or entitled to fell such Stamps or other Matter or Thing, or to carry on such Trade, Bufinef3, Profession, or Calling, in any other House, Place, or District, but shall as to every such other House, Place, or District, be considered ad uulicensed and subject to all Paine and Penalties ae such, save as herein ©therwife particularly provided.

9 XXVII. provided

C. 50.

93

XXVIII. Provided always and be it enacted, That if the Person obtaining any such Licence shall be minded Party licensed

to remove from the Place mentioned in such licence for carrying on such Business, and to carry on the fame in may have fh© toy other Housein the fame City, Town, or Townland, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful HwUfe or to and for such Person to carry or fend such Licence to the said Commissioners, or any of them, or any Officer or Officers to be by them appointed for that Purpose, who shall indorse upon the said Licence the House or Place to which such Party shall have removed, and the Time then to come of the Term of the said Licence, tod from thenceforth such Licence shall be good, valid, and effectual, according to the Contents thereof, and of the said Indorsement, and not otherwise 5 any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight Executors, he, hundred and seven, etery Executor and Administrator, or other Person who shall apply to eny Ecclesiastical bc^°'c obtaining. Court in Ireland* to obtain Probate of the Will or Letter* of Admmigration of the Goods and Chattels,

Estate and Effects of any Person deceased, except Administration pendente life or de bonis non, shall, before Value of the obtaining such Probate or Letters of Administration, make Oath of the whole Amount of the Value of the Effects.

Estate and Effects, Goods and Chattels, Rights and Credits of such deceased Person, to the best of the Knowledge and Belief of such Executor, Administrator, or other Person; and the Judge of the Court out of which such Probate or Letters of Administration shall be required to be issued, or some Surrogate or other Person appointed by such Judge for that Purpose shall administer such Oath, and such Judge, Surrogate, or other Person, is hereby authorized and required to administer the same accordingly; and any Person who shall obtain any Probate or Letters of Administration without having made such Oath as aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sim of One hundred Pounds.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight Executors,

hundred and feveu, every Executor, Administrator, nearest of Kin, Creditor, or other rerson who shall admi- " Perfo i* nister or enter upon the Possession or Management of all orany of the Personal or moveable Estate or Efifedls

any dreeased Person in Inland, /ha 1. before disposing of or distributing any Part of such Estate or Effects, or Ovh 'in^hcT St all Events within Sir Calendar Months after the Death of the Person 10 dying, exhibit upon Oath in the Ecclesiastical proper Ecclesiastical Court in Ireland, a full and complete Inventory of such Estate and EfFcAs, either recovered Court, an

at the Time of exhibiting such Inventory or known to be existing, distinguishing whether situate in Ireland or elsewhere j and in case at any Period a Discovery shall be made of other Effects belonging to the Deceased, ^which, on Account of ther not being known at the Time, were omitted in the said original Inventory, an the Dccealcdi additional Inventory or Inventories of the same shall in like Manner be exhibited on Oath by any Person or Persons administering or assuming the Management or I'ifposal thereof; and in case any such Person or Person*

shall neglect or rrftife to exhibit any such original or additional Inventory, or shall knowingly omit to include any Part of any such Estate and Effects therein, every Person so neglecting, refilling, or omitting, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds for each such Neglect, Refusal, or Omission; to be recovered and applied io the same Manner as any Penalty may by this Act be recovered and applied.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That every Person in Ireland who shall administer the Whole or any Part on

of the Personal Estate of any Person dying after the passing of this Act, and leaving a Personal Property to aHministering the Amount of Two hundred Pounds or upwards, without proving the Will of the Deceased, or taking out Prrfunal t flare© Letters of Administration of such Personal Estate within Six Calendar Months aftet the Death of the Person w.thour taking so dying, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered and applied in the same Manner as any ?rof'a, c>c-Penalty may by this Act be recovered and applied.11 in 6 oul*

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties by this Act and the Schedules hereunto annexed, DUf*rej on

imposed on Receipts or Discharges for Legacies given by Will out of any Personal Estate, or for the Residue, Receipt# for or any Part of the Residue, of any Personal Estate of any Person dying testate or intestate, shall be accounted Legacies or for, answered, and paid by the Executor, Administrator, or other Person or Persons who shall actually have or ^fonaf Eft take the Burthen of the Execution.of the Will or other Testamentary Instrument, or the Administration of the paldby

Personal Estate of any Person deceased, upon the Retainer by such Executor, Administrator, or other Person Executor, Sec. or Persons for his, her, or their own Benefit, or for the Benefit of any Legatee, next of Kin, or other Person on retaining or or Persons, of any Legacy, or any Part of any Legacy, or of the Residue of any Personal Estate, or any paying Legacies Part of such Residue, which such Executor, Administrator, or other Person or Persons shall be entitled so to

retain, either in his, her, or their own Right, or hi the Right or for the Benefit of any Legatee, next of Kin, or other Person or Persons; and also, upon Delivery, Payment, or other Satisfaction or Discharge whatsoever, of any Legacy, or any Part of any Legacy, or of the Rt fidue of any Personal Estate, or any Part of such Residue, to which any Legatee, next of Kin, or other Person or Persons, may be entitled:

And in case any Executor, Administrator, or other Person or Persons having or taking the Burthen of such If Executor shall Execution or Admiwiflration as aforesaid, shall retain for his, her, or their own Benefit, or for the Benefit of renin or pay any Legatee, next of Kin, or other Person or Persons, any Legacy or any Part of any Legacy, or the Residue of any Personal Estate, or any Part of such Residue, which such Executor, Administrator, or other Person tl^ Duty .* or Person* shall be entitled so to retain, either in his, her, or their own Right, or in the Right or for the faken a ft.unp«d Benefit of any Legatee, next of Kin, or other i erson or Persons, and upon the Receipt or Discharge for Receipt, Ur shall which any Duty shall be chargeable by virtue of this Act, or the Schedules hereto annexed, not having first RJV , he I fgacy paid such Duty, or without taking a Receipt duly stamped with the Duty by this Act and the Schedules hereto annexed imposed in respect of such Legacy, or Residue or Part thereof; or shall deliver, pay, or otherwise foili bD*bt howfoeter satisfy or discharge any Legacy, or any Part of any Legacy, or the Residue of any Personal Estate to the King fioca orany Part thereof, to which any Legatee, next of Kin, or other Person or Persons shall be entitled, and upon the caccutw. the Receipt for which any Duty shall be chargeable by virtue of this Act, having received or deducted the Duty

94.C. 50.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. r. A.D. 1807.

Tf Cxrrutor, Sec. shall pay Legacy

V iti.out jdedi <ftirg r

paying the D itv, |a eh Du tv fn: Ul hp ?. r-tM to the King h th from the }\xccur.»r and legatee.

Duties <*n

Receipts for Legacies out of Real £i>arp shall he charged on the TruiUe, Sec.

Application may be made lo the Corn t of Exchequer, .-lgaind Executors or Tiutteci.

Regtflnrs of EcclclVt it ical Courts shall jgive Account 4*1 Willi, S(C.

f.'ipc ks Tor

a a'rai \z P.up dcs exempfed.

so chargeable; then and in each and every such Case the Duty which shall be due and payable upon the Receipt or Discharge for any such Legacy and Part of Legacy, and Retidue and Part of Retidue respedovly, and which shall not have been duly paid and fetched to Hir> Majesty, Li is Heirs and Successor?, according to the Provisions of this AdL, Audi be a Debt to His Majesty, His Heirs and Sucre (Tors, of and from such Executor, Administrator, or other Person or Persons having or taking the Burden of luJi Execution or Admissitiration as aforesaid: And in case any such Executor, Administrator, or other Person or Persons having or taking the Burthen of fitch Execution or Administration as aforesaid, shall d Ever, pay, or otlicrwiib howsoever Ltisfy or discharge any Legacy or Uetidue, ornnv Part of such Legacy or Retidue, to or for the Benefit of any Legatee, next of Kin, or other Person or Persons entitled thereto, without* having received or deducted the Duty chargeable thereon, or without taking a Receipt duly damped with the Duty by this Act and the Schedules hereto annexed imposed in respect of such Legacy, or Reliduc or Part thereof, then and in every such Case such Duty shall be a Debt to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, as well of the Executor, Administrator, or other Person or Persons who fl. ill make such Delivery, Payment, Satisfaction, or Discharge, as of the Legatee, next of Kin, or other Person or Persons to whom the same shall be made.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Duties by this Act, and the Schedules hereunto annexed, imposed on Receipts or Discharges for Legacies charged upon or given out of any Real Ellate, or Monies anting from the Sale of Real Ellate, or upon Residues, or Parts or Shares of Residues, of any such Monies anting from the Sale of any Real Ellate, shall he accounted for, answered, and paid, by the Trulloc or Trustees to whom the Real Ellate shall be devised out of which the Legacy or Legacies, or Share or Shares of any Money arising out of the Sale or other Disposition of such Real Ellate shall be to be paid or fitistied; or if there shall be no Trull ce or Trustees, then by the Person or Persons entitled to such Real Ellate fuhjed to any Legacy, or by the Person or Persons empowered or required to pay or satisfy any such Legacy: And the said Duties shall be paid, satisfied, discharged, or retained by the Person paying or fatkfying any such Legacy or Share of Money, in such Manner, and under such Penalties and Regulations, so far as the lame can be made applicable, as is heretofore directed, mentioned, and contained with respect to Legacies given out of any Personal Ellate, or with respect to the Retidue, or any Part of the Retidue of any Personal Ellate.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in every Case in which any Executor or Administrator or other Person or Persons taking the Burthen of the Execution of the Will or other Tcllamentary Inllruinent, or the Administration of the Personal Ellate of any Person deceased, or any Truflce or other Person to whom any Real Ellate shall be devised, or who shall be entitled to any Real Ellate subject to any Legacy, shall not have paid any Duties by this Act imposed on any Receipts or Discharges for any Legacy or for any Retidue or Part of any Residue pursuant to the Directions of this Act within a proper and reasonable Time; it shall be lawful for His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Ireland, upon Application to be m2de for that Purpose on Behalf of the said Commissioners for managing the said Duti s on Stamps, upon such Affidavit or Affidavits as to the said Court may appear to be sufficient, to grant a Rule requiring such Executor, Adminiiltator, Tru/lee, or other Person or Persons, to shew Cnufe why he flie or they should not deliver to the said Commissioners of Stamps an Account upon Oath of all the Legacies and of all tlw Property respectively paid or to be paid oradmillered by such Executor or Administrator, or other Person or Persons, or given or bequeathed to such Trullee or other Person entitled to any Real Ellate subject to any such Legacy as the Case may be, and why the Duties on any such Legacies or any Shares or Retidue of any such Ellate Real or Perfmal have not been paid, or Should not be forthwith paid according to Law, and to make any such Rule of Court absolute in every Case in which the fame may appear to the said Court to be proper and necessary for the enforcing the Payment of any of the said Duties.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for managing the said Duties of Stamps, or any One or more of them, to require of every Regitirrrr or other Officer of any Eccle-tiallical Court in Ireland having the Custody or Care of any Wills proved in any such Court, or having the Custody of any Entry or Regiller of any Aduiiniflrations granted in any such Court, an Acc< unt of all such Wills and Letters of Adminilration, together with the Particulars relating thereto, and Extrads from any such Wills as may feom necessarr to such Commissioners, on Payment of such Fees as shall be agreed upon for the fame, or as in case of any Difpnte shall he settled and allowed by the Ecchti.iflical Court for that Purpose; and every such Officer as aforesaid is hereby authorized and required within One Month after any such Kcqui-tition f<> made by the said Commissioners or any Or.c or more of them, or by any Person authorized by them for that Purpose, to make out and deliver Inch Account as aforesaid; and if any such Regillr.iv or other Officer as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to make out and deliver any such Account as aforesaid within One Month after any Demand made ns aforruffil, or dull knowingly or wihully make out and deliver any faife Account, every such Registrar or other Officer Avail forfeit for every such Ohence the S : m of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered by Information in the Name of His Mojollys Attorney General for Ireland, to the Use of His Majesty flu Heirs and Sikc ffbrs.

XX V VI. I rov'-led always, and be it enacted, That no Legacy given for the Education or Maintenance of Purr Children in or to be applied in the Support of any publick Charitable IiiiIkumoii i.i /refer!, {LAI

be Edde to any Duty on Legacies under this or any other Act or Acts in force in Inland; a id jhat nc Legacy confiding of Books. Prints, Pictures, Statues, Gems, Com*?, Medals, Specuucns of Natv.al II I*01 v, or other specific Art kies which shall be given or bequeathed to or in Trait for any Body Corporate, whether Aggr.v^ ge or Sole, or any Society, or any endowed School, in order to be kept and preferred by such Body Coip Kite, Society, or School, and not for the Purposes of Sale, shall be liable to any Duty imposed on Legacies under this or any other Act or Acts in force in Inland.

A.D. 1807. 47° GEORGII III. Sess. 1. C. 50.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That every Clerk of the Peace in Ireland shall within One Month after »ny Conviction for any Ofh-nce against any Act or Acts in force in Ireland^ relating to the Stamp Duties, frail have been returned to his Office, furnish to the nearest Diilributor of Stamps, or to feme Distributor of Stamps in and for the County in which such Conviction shall have been made, a Copy of such Conviction ligned by himself, for which he shall receive from fuc h Distributor, the Sum of One Shilling and no more, and every such Distributor shall forthwith transmit such Copy ro ligned, to the said Commissioners at their Mead Office in Ddflln, and if any such Clerk of the Peace or U: dributor shall neglect or omit so to do, he shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Conviction made by any Justice of the Peace in Ireland', for any Offence against this Act, or any Act or Acts in force vi Ireland, shall he affirmed on Appeal at any Quarter Sessions, the Warrant or Wat rants Committal or Committals for carrying the fame into Execution, shall be granted by the Justices so affirming the lame, or any Two of them, or if Inch Affirmance shall have been made by or before a tingle Person comp 'tent to hold such Court of 1 uarter Sessions alor.e, then such Warrant or Wa-rants, Committal or Connnitc.ds shall be granted by such single Person, and shall be in the Forms here following respectively, or in some other Forms of Words of the fame Import respectively;

1 Co^r v^ To M. and N. and each of them, their and each of their Afllflants*

WHEREAS, oil the Day c-F in the Year E. F. I

4V was duly convicted before /. K. a Justice of the Peace for the said County, that he (or

(he) on the Day of then lall pall, at in the said County

did, [herefet ovt the OjTence-\ and thereupon the said E.F. became liable to a Fine or Penalty of

And whereas, the said E.F. ar pc.iled from the said Conviction to the Quarter Sessions,

which hath affirmed the fame with Colls making together with the said Fine or Penalty

the Sum of These ar - therefore to authorize and command you and each of you to take

into your PoHlffion the Goods of the said E. F. or a Sufficiency thereof lor levying the said last-mentioned 1 Sum thereout, wherever you ffia i find the said Goods in the County aforesaid, and if the said Goods shall not be redeemed by lilo Payment of the la d Sum within Six I a)s from the Dav of taking the fame, you are by publick Sale thereof to levy the said Sum, rendering to the said E.F. the Overplus if any, and the said Sum so levied you shall bring to us, or One of us, or to me, (as the Case may be) without

Delay, to be disposed of according to Law. Given under our Hands and Seals vor my Hand and Seal) this Day of

And if Goods Efficient cannot be found, to answer such Penalty, and a Warrant shall thereupon be issued for committing such Offender or Offenders, the fame drill be in the fame Form as the Warrant lad mentioned to these Words. 4 these arc therefore to authorize and command you which Words, and all from thence to the Words " disposed of according to Luv" iuclusive, drill be omitted; and this Form following, or some other Form of Words to that or the like Effect, shall be inserted in their Place, to wi;

1 And whereas we (or " Iv] did on the Lay of issue our (or my) Wanant to

lew the said Sum from the Goods of the said Offender, and such Goods could not be found fu.Iicient t 4 answer the said Sum, wo (or I) do therefore hereby authorize and command you and each of you, to take the Body of the said E. F. wheresoever you shall iind him in the ftiul County, and bring him before us 4 (or me).'

Ami the Form of Committal for committing the said Offender to Pufon, shall follow the Form of f-'.ch Warrant, fare only that the Direction thereof shall be to the proper Gaoler, and, that from and after the Words 4' we, for441") do therefore hereby authorize and command you" there shall folio v these Wcrds,

4 To take into your Custody the Body of the said E. F. and him (or her) f Th to keep for from the Date hereof, uulcfs the said Sum shall be sooner paid. Given under our Hands and Seals for my Hand and Seal) this Day of .*

And each and every of the said Forms, or any Form of Words to the like Effect respectively, shall be good and valid in Law to all Intents and Purposes.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done under the Authority of or in p'rirance of this Act, or any other Act or Acts in fore? in Ireland\ relating to the Duties under the Crux and Management of the said Commissioners of St imps, ev?ry such Action or Suit shall be commenced wit hi .1 Six Calendar Months after the Fact committed and not afterwards, and shall be hrought in the County or Place where the Cause of Action ffiail arise, a.*J not elf'wSere, and the Defendant or Defendants in such Actionor Su r to be brought may plead the General Issue, and give tins Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trie! to be had thereupon, at d that the fame was done ia pursuance and by the Authority of such Acts; and it it ffi<di appear to be so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall he brought after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County, City, or Place, than as aforesaid, then and in every Inch Ctrte the Plaintiff in every such A<lion ffiail be Hop'll ted; andifthe Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be so or othviwife non' bteu, or shall discontimic his. her, or their A< hod, or if a Verd: dl shall pass against the Plaint-ff or Pla: »tirfs, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given aganlt the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Ce ils, and haw- the 1 kc Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Coils of Suit in other Cases by Law.

95

Copies of Con-Vi^ti 01s fh iII t€ tianfmiiicd t*y Cicrk of Peace ro Stump

Disttibuior*

Forms of Proc*r!injs on Atfi m nice of Conviction 00 Appeal.

Limitation rf Actions S x Months, c: c.

C. 50.

470 GEORGII III. Se/T.i,

A.D. 1807.

Certain Decree* in Chancery and Exchequer declared valid, though stamped with a lets Stamp than required by 46 G. 3. c. 64.

Where Memorial of the Alignment of any Judgement ha* l>c«n stumped, the Roll need rot be stamped a* required by 46 G. 3. c. 64.

Admission into Corporations {previous to this Act may be ilamped within Six Months.

f1 This Part erfealrd, 47 G.3. A. a. c. 14. $iS.J

Instrument* Aamped out of Ireland, and which have not been duly damped under former Acts, may he damped within Six Months after palTing this Adh

Powers of former AAs*

43 G. 3. c. ai, 9a, and 23, and

46 G. 3* c. 64* extended to this Act

XL. 1 And Whereas by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament for granting Stamp Duties to His Majesty, Decrees and Diimiffesin the Courts of Chancery and Exchequer in Ireland, and Copies thereof, and

Citations, Monitions, Libel?, Allegations, Depcfitions, Answers, and Sentences, in the several Ecclesiastical Courts in Ireland, and Copies thereof, were respectively charged with Duties exceeding any former Duty imposed

thereon respectively, and many of the said Matters and Things have since the passing of the said Act been made

or written, or copied upon Paper or Parchment marked only with the Stamps payable thereon respectively,

previous to the passing of the said Act, and it is expedient that the fame should be rendered valid and effectual be it therefore enacted, That every Decree, Dismiss, Citation, Monition, Libel, Allegation Deposition, Answer, or Sentence, and every Copy thereof respectively, made, enrolled, engrossed, copied, or made up since the passing of the said Act, and which shall have been /lamped with the Duty or Duties payable thereon according to the Laws in force in Ireland, immediately previous to the passing of the said la/l recited Act, shall be, and be deemed, construed, and taken to be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if the fame had been duly stamped with the Stamps required by the said recited Act, and ail and every Person or Persons concerned in the enrolling, engrossing, writing, or making up of such Decree and Dismiss, and in copying and attelling the fame, shall he acquitted and discharged of and from all and every Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, for or by Reason of so enrolling, engrossing, writing, making up, or copying the fame, or any Part thereof, any Thing in the said last recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLI. r And Whereas by the said recited Act of t) e Forty-sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign, a Duty was imposed on the Entry on the Roll of every Assignment of a Judgement in Inland, and it was thereby required

that a Stamp denoting the Payment of the said Duty should be /lamped or inrprefledon the Roll whereon such < Entry should be made: And whereas the said Regulation has been foyrd inconvenient; be it therefore enacted, That whenever the Stamp required by the said Act to be put on such Roll shall have been put on the Memorial of the Alignment of any Judgement as aforesaid, then and in every such Case such Asignment shall be as valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, and all and every Person or Persons, iu any wile concerned in the Alignment of such Judgement, or in the Entry thereof on the Roll as aforesaid, shall be indemnified, discharged, and exempt from all and all Manner of Pains and Penalties for or by reafou of such Assignment, or of the Want of a Stamp or Stamps, on the enrolling thereof, as fully and in the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Roll had been duly stamped with the said Stamp so put on the said Memorial; any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLII.*And Whereas it may happen that several Persons may have been admitted into various Bodies Politick

or Corporate, Corporations, or Companies in Ireland, before the passing of this Act, the Entries, Minutes, c or Memorandums, of whose Admissions may not have been duly mace on Stamps according to Law j* be it therefore enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall have been admitted into any Body Politick or Corporate, Corporation or Company in Ireland, at any Time before the passing of this Act, the Entry, Minute, or Memorandum of whose Admission has not been duly stamped according to Law, it shall and may be lawful,t any Time within Six Months after the passing of this Act, for the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, on Application to them made for that Purpose, to order and direct that such Entry, Minute, or Memorandum, shall -be stamped with the Stamp Duty required by this Act, on Payment of the Duty by this Act imposed; and every such Admission so stamped, (halt in such Case be as good, valid, and effectual, as if the fame had been stamped according to Law at the Time of such Admission; [and every Admission of any fueft Person into any Body Politick or Corporate, Corporation or Company in Ireland, the Entry, Minute or Memorandum whereof, shall not have been stamped before the passing of this Act, or shall not be stamped pursuant to this Act, within Six Months as aforesaid, shall be absolutely null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatever; any Thing in any Adit or Acts, or any Law, Usage or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.1}

XLIII.*And Wh ereas it may happen in many In (lances that Instruments executed out of Ireland, may not have been stamped in Ireland, within the Time by Law required for that Purpose, ' be it therefore enacted, That it ffaH and maybe lawful for the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, at any Time within Six Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, to (lamp ad Instruments which shall have been executed more than one Year before the passing of this Act, within any Part of the United Kingdom, except Ireland\ cr which shall have been executed more than Two Years before the passing of this Act, in any Pice out of the United Kingdom upon Payment of the Duty payable on such Instruments, under this Act, wit: out Payment < f any Penalty; provided ihat the same shall be brought to be stamped within the said Space of Six Calendar Months, and that Proof shall be made to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, that such Instruments were really executed out of Ireland as aforesaid; and all such Indrumeota so stamped within the said Six Calendar Months, shall be good valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, and all Persons having neglected to stamp the fame, shall be freed and indemnified of, from, and against all Penalties, on account of Rich Neglect; any Thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That all the Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act inflicted and made payable, shall be paid and payable in British Currency; and that all Powers, Provisions, Rules, Methods, Directions, Articles, Clauses, Exceptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things, contained in am Act made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty several Duties therein mentioned to be levied by the Commissioners for managing the stamp Duties in Ireland; and in another Act, made in the said Forty-third Year, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties oh Licences to Persons felling Hats, and on Hats sold by Retail in Ireland; and in another Act made in the said Forty-third Year, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Certificates with ref pc R to the billing of Came in Ireland 3 and in the said recited Act made in the Fort y-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign,

t#

U.

A.D. 1807.

47° GEORGII III. Seffii.

C. 50.

97

to repeal the several Duties under the Care of the Commissioners for managing the Duties upon Stamped Vellum*

Parchment, a»d Paper in Ireland, and to grant new and additional Duties in lieu thereof, and to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties in Ireland, shall be of Force and Effect, and shall be applied and put in Execution Lr the raising, levying, paying, collecting, and feeuring the Duties and Allowances by this Act granted and r..?.ue payable, snd all Penalties and Forfeitures inflated by this Att, as fully and effidhuily, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had been hereby re-enacted with rel.rt.ion to the Duties and Allowances by this A<A framed and made payable; except only in so far as any of such Powers, Provisions, Rules, Methods, and Direction*, Articles, Exceptions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, in the Ibid.A£t$, or aty or either of them, contained, are express, altered or repealed, or otlici wife provided for by this Act, or by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That so much of the Paid recited Act of the last Session of Parliament for 46 G. 3. c. 64. framing Stamp Duties in Ireland, as enacts that in any Ejectment the original Declaration shall be tiled in the' p, o 'ns m* Court wherein such Ejectment shall be brought before Service of such IfjeAment, or any Notice thereof, tjcctnu-Ht or of any such Declaration, or any Copy thereof, on the Defendant or Tenant in PofieJfion, and that a Copy ^ciurc Snvice of such Declaration being first: made out by the Attorney who shall bring the same to be filed, shall be ligned thereof, repealed* and attelled by the proper Officer of the Court wherein the same shall be filed, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

Schedule (A.)

For am! upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be engrossed, written, or printed, any of the following Articles (or any Part thereof, except as otherwise particularly provided) the respective Duties following; that is to say,

I. — Patents, Grants, and Admissions, of or to Dignities, Offices, Benefits, or Decrees, and Exemplifications and Certificates thereof.

Any Grant or Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Ireland, of any Honour, Dignity, Promotion, Franchise, Liberty, or Privilege, to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, or any Exemplification of the fame, not hereby charged with a speciiick Duty (Corn mi (lions of Rebellion in Pvoccfs always excepted) -

Any Patent for an Archbishoprick -

Any Patent for a Dukedom*- -

Ai.y Patent for a Marquisate -

Any Patent for an Earldom -

Any Patent for a Viscount -

Any Patent for a Bishoprick -

Any Patent for a Barony -

Any Patent for a Baronetage -

Any Presentation or Donation which shall pass the Groat Seal of Ireland, or any Collation by any Archbishop or Bishop, or any Presentation or Donation to be made by any Patron whatsoeur, of or to any Benefice, Dignity, or Spiritual or Ecclesiastical Promotion whatsoever, of the yearly Value of One hundred Pounds -

And for every One hundred Pounds of the yearly Value thereof, exceeding the first sC10c a War, a further Duty hf -

The Value to be ascertaincdby Certificate of the Archbishop, Bishop, or Vicar General of the Diocese r Provided always, That Two or more Benefices, episcopally united, shall be deemed One Benefice only.

Any Irfiit ut ion that shall pass the Seal of any Archbishop, Bishop, Chancellor, or other Ordinary, or of*uy Ecclesiastical Court; provided that an Inditution to Two or more Benefices, cpiico-pally united, sita.ll be considered as an Ii.fiitutfon to a lingle Benefice -

Any Dispensation to hold Two Ecclesiastical Dignities or Benefices, or both a Dignity and a iWtice, or any other Dispensation or Faculty from the Lord Archbishop of Armagh, or, Mailer of the Faculties for the 'l'imc being -

Any Grant from His Majesty, His Hurs and Successors, widen shall pass the Great Seal of Ireland, of any Sum of Money,

Exceeding r£$o and not exceeding^r 00 -

J: '1 CO - - 2 00 -

And for every £ 1 co exceeding e/?2oc, a further Duty of -

[Any such Grant of any Annuity, Pension, Office, or Employment, which shall be of the Value u Ji 200 per Annum -

And for every; £\co per Annum exceeding , -£zo^ pet* Annum, a further Duty of <*-Provided that no Duty shall be charged upon or in n .pect of more than One Skiu or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, on which Inch last-rT.ti.tioned Grant iray beingroiled, j-rinted, or written.* j 47Gm.HI. O \ /c.V

fi.;

Duly.

J.

20

too

200

2CO

200

150

5°

JOO

50

25

4

20

5

20

5

o

o

o

o

o

*?.v V. If.

Jk/w.: . A.

c-r4*

S m

I D

1

sich

S'5 II, 15

«/" /*/« ^7.

*f Rrpcal< d 47 G. $. ft. 2, c. 14. 5 z.

5Vr

9 «/

Patents, Grants, and Admissions continued.

Any Grant of an Escheatorship

Any Grant of any Land in Fee, Lease for Years, or other Grant or Profit, not herein particularly charged, that shall pass the Great Seal of the Excheque.* (Custodiam Leases excepted; -

Any Pardon or Remission (except the Pardons pa fled in forrra Pauperis) of or for any Crime or Offence, or of any Money or Forfeiture whatsoever, exceeding the Sam of or any

Warrant for Reprieve or Relaxation from any Fines, Corporal Punishment, or any other Forfeiture -

Any Ad million of any Fellow of the College of Physicians or Surgeons -

Any Admission of any Student into the Society of King's Inns

Any Admission of any Barriilerinto the Inns of Court -

'e of the said respective Duties of e£20 shall be accounted for and paid to the Society of King's Inns.)

Any Admission of any Advocate, Proctor, Attorney, Solicitor, Clerk, or other Officer or Officers, in any Court whatsoever, except such Officer in any Inferior Court, whose Office is under the Value of e£ ic a Year in Salary, Fees, and other Porquilitcs, and except any annual Officer whatever in ar.y Corporation -

Any Certificate to be taken out by any Attorney or Solicitor, Proctor, Agent, or Procurator (previous to his commencing or defending any Suit or Prosecution) of his Admission, Enrolment, or Register in any of His Majesty's Courts in Dublin, or in any Ecclesiastical or in any Court of Admiralty in Ireland, or in any other Court in Ireland holding Plea, where the Debt or Damage doth amount to 401. or more, or the Thing in Demand is of that Value:

If such Attorney or Solicitor, Proflor, Agent, or Procurator, has not been admitted for Three Years, yearly

If such Attorney or Solicitor, Proctor, Agent, or Procurator, has been admitted for Three Years or more, yearly -

Any Certificate to be taken out by any Special)lender. Draftsman in any Court of Equity, Conveyancer, Scrivener, or any other Person who, for or in Expectation of any Fee, Gain, or Reward, final! draw or prepare any Conveyance of, or Deed relating to, any Real or Personal Estate, or any Proceedings in Law or Equity:

If such special Pleader, Draftsman, Conveyancer, Scrivener, or other Person, shall not have practised for Three Years, yearly -

If such Special Plea ler, Draftsman, Conveyancer, Scrivener, or other Person, shall have practised for Three Years or more, yearly -

Except Bnrriilers; and except Solicitors, Attornies, Notaries, PioAors, Agents, or'Procurators, having obtained regular Certificates, Persons employed only in copying Deeds; Public Officers drawing official Instruments, and Persons drawing Agreements under Hand only, or Wills.

[Any Appointment of any Person to be Sub Sheriff for any of the following Counties or Counties of Cities in Ireland, (that is to say); for the Counties of Antrim, Armagh, Cavan, Clare, Cork, Donegal, Down, Dublin, Galway, Kerry, Limerick, Londonderry, Mayo, Monaghan, Mtuth, Queen's County, Roscommon, Sligo, Tipperary, or Tyrone; or for the County of the City of Dublin; or for the County of the City of Cork.*]

[Any Appointment of any Person to be Sub Sheriff for any County, County of a City, or County of a Town in Ireland, other than those immediately before mentioned.f]

Any Appointment or Deputation of any Person to be a Sencfchal or Steward of a Manor Court -

Any Entry, Minute, or Memorandum of the Admission of any Person into any Corporation or Company (e: cept a Corporation or Company for the Direction of any Charitable Institution only (who shall he so admitted in reipeA of his Birth, Apprenticeship, or Marriage, entered or made in the Court Book, Roll or Record, of any such Corporation or Company A ny Entry, Minute, or Memorandum of the Admission of any other Person into ar.y Corporation or Company (except a Corporation or Company for the Direction of any Charitable I ml it. ut ion only) -

II. — Indentures, Eonds, and ether Deeds and To ft rumen* 9, and Exemplifications, Inrolment?,

Memorials, or Regdlries thereof.

Any Indenture, Lease, P.ekafe, or Deed, not otherv.dfe charged (except Indentures of Apprentrcefivp where no Apprentice Fee shall be given, or if any be given, where such Apprentice- Fee find! not exceed the Sum of Dio, and also except Indentures (or binding Apprentice poor Parish Children, or other poor Children); and any Deed or luflrument charged with a Duty of Jcr. cr cj, according to the Number cf computed Sheets of which the fame Avail consist:

Duty.

& /. d.

20 o o

590

400*

10 a o

20 o o

20 O O

20 0 0

10 0

J O

10 0 300

10 0 0 5 o o 200

O 10 O

r o 0

Indenture*, Bonds, and other Deeds, See. continued.

If such Indenture, Lease, Release, Deed or Instrument, shall contain less than 30 computed Sheets, and shall be engro/Ted, written, or printed on only One Skin or Sheet, or Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper -

And if any such Indenture, Lease, Release, Deed, or Instrument, containing less than 30 computed Sheets, shall be written on more than One Skin or Sheet or Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper j Then on the fu ll Skin or Sheet or Piece thereof -

And on every other Skin or Sheex or Piece thereof -

If such Indenture, Lease, lieleafe, Deed, or Instrument, shall contain Thirty computed Sheets or more,

Then for the first Fifteen computed Sheets thereof, or any less Quantity engrossed, written, or printed on the ilrfl Skin or Sheet or Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper -

And for every entire Quantity of Fifteen computed Sheets over and above the fil'd Fifteen computed Sheets -

And for any less Quantity than Fifteen computed Sheets, engrossed, written, or printed on any separate Skin or Sheet or Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, other than the firit such Sheet, Skin, or Piece

N.B. Every computed Sheet is calculated at Seventy-two Words.

Any Indenture or other Deed, and every Article or Contract whereby any Person shall become bound to serve as an Apprentice or Clerk to an Attorney or Solicitor, in order to his Admis-/ion as an Attorney or Solicitor in any of His Majesty's Courts in Ireland, on each Part of such Indentures, Deeds, Articles, or Contracts -

(Seven Pounds of the said Duty of Fifty Pounds so imposedon each Part of such Indentures shall be accounted for and paid to the Society of King's Inns.)

Any Indenture or other Deed for binding an Apprentice to a Notar)' Publick, on each Part of such Indentures -

Any other Indenture of Apprenticeship, where the Sum or Value given, paid, contracted, or agreed for, with or in relation to such Apprentice, shall exceed Ten Pounds, and shall not exceed Twenty Pounds -

1£'20 and shall not exceed £50 -

I 50 - 100 -

Where such Sum or J jco - 2CO -

Value shall exceed j 200 - 3co

j 300 - 400

J 400 - 500

And where such Sum or Value shall exceed the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, for every One hundred Pounds of such Excess, a Duty of -

Any Indenture, Lease, Release, or Deed, Minute, Memorandum, or legal or equitable Article, forfetting or demifing Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in Ireland, for any Term not exceeding Three Lives, or Thirty-one Years, whether with or without a Clause or Covenant for the Renewal thereof, (except Leases made by any Master in Chancery, or Officer of the Equity or Revenue Side of the Court of Exchequer, under the Orders of the said Courts relatively, and except Leases by Elegit Creditors, or of Lands, Tenements, or Heredita jnents, ejected for Non payment of Rent for Six or Nine Months: )

Where the Annual Amount of the Rent reserved any penal Rent, or any Increase of reserved Rent in the Nature of a Penal Rent, not being included in such Amount) shall not exceed Hve Pounds, or the Fine or Consideration for the lame shall not exceed Twenty Pound* -

Of such Rent.

Or of such Fine or Considerniton.

Where the Amount -

I and fh.nl not A 1 r- ant ih .1, nufA

lb 'l| exceed exceed shall exceed exceed

£. /. d. £. /. d. £. J. d. £. J. d.

5 0 0 10 0 0 20 O O 10 0 0 0

JO 0 0 20 0 0 100 O O 150 0 0

20 0 0 50 0 0 150 O O 200 0 0

5° 0 0 100 0 0 250 O O 500 0 0

too 0 0 0 0 '-n 0 5co O O 75° O O

150 0 0 2 00 0 0 750 O O 1, 000 O O

200 0 0 250 0 0 1.000 O O 1, 290 O O

25°. 0 0 300 0 0 0 M O O 1, 500 0 0

300 0 0 3>° 0 0 1, 500 O O 1, 750 O O

350 0 0 400 0 02 0 L7J0 O O 2, 000 0 0 And

£* /. d.

o 10 o

10

S

o

o

10 o

5°

So o

O S

o to

J o

2 O

3 o 6 o P o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

[o 2 6*J

S't §13. of this Act,

*0 s O

4? G. 3. ft. 2.

c. 14. SJuJ.

0 5 0

0 10 0

05 0

1 0 0

1 iO 0

2 0 0

2 JO 0

3 0 0

6 10 0

4 0 0

SCHEDULE A.)

Sr< $ !?.

tkn sift.

Indentures, B.mds, and other Deeds [Leases, continuedD

And where the Annual Amount of ft?eh Rent reserved shall exceed the Soim of Four hun-N cl red Pounds, or such Fine or Co 1 Iteration shall exceed the Sum of Two thous »: u Pounds, thv* 11 for every One hundred Pounds of the whole Amount of such Rent, 01 for every Five hundred Pounds of such Fine or Consideration, a Duty of Any Indenture, Lease, Release, or \ eed, Minute, Memorandum, or legal or equitable Article, for setting or d-. null ug Lauds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in Ireland, for any Term exceeding Three Lives or Thirty-one Years, shall be subject to a Duty equal in the Whole to double the Amount of the foregoing Duties on any Indenture, Lease, Release, or Deed Rdpecti vel y.

And in case such Indenture, Lease, Relcafe, Peed, or Instrument, shall be executed by virtue of any Letter of Attorney for that Purpose, then for every Five Pounds of the Annual Amount of such refewed Rent, or for every Twenty-five Pounds of Fine or Consideration, a further Duty in all Cases, of Any Indenture, Lease, Release Deed, or Instrument, for demifing Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in Ireland, executed by any Mailer in Chancery, or Officer of the Equity or Revenue Side of the Court of Exchequer, or executed by any Elegit Creditor, or for Six or Nine Months, where such Lauds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall be under Eviction for Non-payment of Rent,

Where the yearly Rent shall not exceed Two hundred Pounds -

Where such Rent shall exceed Two hundred Pounds, and shall not exceed Four hundred Pounds -

Where such Rent shall exceed Four hundred Pounds, then for every One hundred Pounds of the whole Amount of such Rent -

And if any such Indenture, Lease, Release, Deed, or Instrument, for demifing or setting Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in Ireland, shall contain Thirty computed Sheets or more, then for every entire Quantity of Fifteen computed Sheets over and above the ilrit Fifteen computed Sheets, a Duty in all Cases of -

Any Letter of Attorney empowering any Person to receive Rents in Ireland Any Letter of Attorney tmpowering any Person to execute any Lease or Leases of Lands in Ireland,

Where the Annual Amount of the Rent reserved in such Lease or Leases any Penal Rent, or any Increase of reserved Rent in the Nature of a Penal Rent, not being included in such Amount; shall not exceed Five Pounds, or the Fine or Confederation for the same shall not exceed Twenty Pounds -

And where the Amount of such Rent reserved shall exceed the Sum of Five Pounds, or such fine or Consideration shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds Any Letter of Attorney empowering any Perfo.n to execute any Lease or Leases of Lands in Ireland, not specilying the Amount of the Rent or Fine to be reserved or received thereon respectively -

Any Recognizance conditioned for the Payment of Money or Performance of Covenants or Agreements, and any Statute Staple or Statute Merchant, or Entry of Record in any Court or Oilice, not herein otherwise cha.ged, except Recognizances taken before any Justice or Justices of the Peace and Recognizances on an Appeal from any Decree or Ditmifs made or pronounced by any Aiiillant lWrhler in their respective Counties, or by the Recorder of the City of Dublin -

Any Contract, Bond, or other obligatory Instrument conditioned for the Payment of any principal Sum;

Not exceeding j£ioo -

Exceeding

100 and not exceeding £}oo - 0 10 0

300 — 500 - J 00

500 — j, oooo - I 10 0

1, 000 2, 0.0 - 0 0

2, 000 3, 000 - 3 o 0

3, 000 5, 000 - - - 400

incipal Sum shall exceed 5, 000 - 50 0

respect of any Mortgage -

Any other Bond not otherwise charged'- -

Any Deed or other Instrument for the Security. by way of Mortgage of any Sum of Money lent on any Etbtc or Property whatsoever in Ireland, and any Deed or Instrument for the Sale, Settlement, or Conveyance of any Eft ate or Property whatsoever in Ireland, whether Real or Personal, and of whatever Tenure or D( feription (except Alignments of Judgements: winch are to yay Duty only as Deeds not particularly charged)

2 o o

o 1 o

o to o too o to o

o f Q

5 00

200. 10 o o

10 o 0

050

050

050

SCHEDULE (A.)

Duty.

Where the Amount of such Money shall exceed

and shall not exceed

r

I '

J 1, 0 1 2>< ! 3.<

I 4, C

5, C

JO, C

Indentures, Bonds, and other Deeds, [Mortgages, &c. continued ]

Where the Amount of the Money lent and secured 0: 1 such Estate or Property, or of the Consideration bona fide paid, for such Sale, Settlement, or Conveyance, shall not exceed One hundred Pounds

£300 500 , 000 2, 000

3.000

4, 0C0

j, oooo

1.000 J 15 000

1.20.000

Where the Amount of such Money shall exceed Twenty thousand Pounds And it such Deed or Instrument shall contain Thirty computed Sheets, or more, then for every entire Quantity of Fifteen computed Sheets over and above the first Fifteen computed Sheets -

Any Award under Hand and Seal, or under Hand only, made in Ireland, and whether the same shall or shall not be enrolled of Record in, or made a Rule of any Court, for the first Fifteen computed Sheets, or any kfs Quantity thereof And for every entire Quantity of Fifteen computed Sheets, over and above the first Fifteen computed Sheets

Any Instrument made in Ireland, under Hand only, whether the same shall contain an aflunl Contract, or shall be the Evidence only of a Contrail, where the Matter thereof shall be of the Value of^20. or upwards, for the first Fifteen computed Sheets, or any less Quantity thereof -

And for every entire Quantity of Fifteen computed Sheets, over and above the Firil Fhteen computed Sheets -'- -

Any Exemplification, of what Nature soever, that shall pass the Seal of any Court, not hereby other wise charged -

Any Conveyance, Surrender of Grants or O.fices, Release, or other Deed wh at soever, (Indentures of Attorney's Apprentices excepted) which shall be enrolled of Record in any of the Courts of the City of Dublin, or in any Court of Record whatsoever (except Assignments of Judgements) over and above all other Duties -

Any Memorial of any Deed, Conveyance, Will or Devise, which shall be re; 'i(Icred in the Publick Office for registering such Memorials, or fii J1 be entered in any of the Courts of Re ord in Ireland (except Memorials of Demiles, and except Memorials of Alignments of Judgements) -

Any Memorial of any Demise, or of any Agreement to deinife Any Memorial of the Asignment of any Judgement:

Where the Penalty of such Judgement so assigned shall not exceed £100.

And where the Penalty of such Judgement lo assigned shall exceed //too.

Any Extract or Copy of any Deed or Memorial from the Oince for Regdtry of Deeds, for everyr computed Sheet such Copy shall contain -

III — Writs, Proccfies, or other Proceedings, Commissions, Pleadings, Judgements, Appeals, and Executions, in Suits or Actions at Law, or in Equity.

Aay Writ of Covenant for levying a Fine -

Any Writ of Entry for fullering a common Recovery -

Any Petition in any of the superior Courts of Law or Equity, or in the Pererogative Court, or Co .liftorial Court of Dublin -

Ary Orders or Fiat for Order made on any fu; h Petition -

[Any Commission tinder the Great Seal of Ireland, directed to Commissioners of Bankrupts*]

Ar.v l^ tt»rs of Guarririnship under the Great Seal of Ireland -

Any Coniuoiifion or Writ of edi.mis Pwtestatem to take Anhvers or to examine Witnessi s, or for a>iy other Purpose, which shall i!fie from the Joints of Chancery or Exchequer, or any Ecclesiasticai Court, or the Court of Admiralty, or any other Court in Ireland Aay original Writ, Subpoena, Writ of Habeis Corpus, W of Capras Quo Minus, Writ of l)edin, us Protestatein to examine With*-ftes, or appoint Guardians, or any other Writ, Process, or Mandate whatever, not herein otherwise charged, that shall ifiueo it of ol* pals the S^al of any of the Courts in ubliri (vvliether the fane lie the Superior Courts of Law or Equity, or any of the Ecclesmllical Courts) or any other Court whatsoever in Irel i id h »1 .ug Plea, where the Debt or Damage d >th amount to Forty Shillings or above, or the 'Thing in Lcrnand or Cause of Suit k of that Value*- -

£ > /. d.

1 0 0

1 10 0

2 0 0

2 10 0

4 0 0

6 0 0

8 0 0

10 0 0

12 0 0

lS 0 0

2 0 0 a

O' 5 0

a: ro 0

0 5. 0

o ro o 050 o 15 o

1 0 0

0 10 0

0 2 6

0 5. O'

0 ro 0

0 0 4

2 0 O'

2 0 0

0 2 6'

0 1 0

2 0 0

1 0 0 4. M- 2.

*'4 2-

0 10 0

*4*

4' O. n. 1,

H*} 2.

1 0

Writs, Procel ea, &c. continued.

Any Copy of any such Writ which shall be served on any Defendant or Defendants therein

named - -«- - Q O 6

Any Entry of any Process of Contempt for not appearing, or for not answering, which shall be en; ered in the Courts of Chancery or Exchequer, or in the Ecclesiastical Courts, whether such Process shall issue or not - q o 1

[Any Return which shall be made by any Sheriff, Coroner, Commissioner, Mayor, Senefehal, or other Odicer, on or to any Writ 01* other p roods to him or them directed, which shall issue from or out of any of the Superior Courts of Law or Equity, or from or or out of the Admiralty Court, or from any of the Ecclfiallical Courts, or any other Court in Ireland, in any Suit at Law or in Equity # - o 3 0

Any Warrant under the Eland and Seal, or Eland only, of any Sheriff or Sheriffs, or his or their

Under Sheriff respectively f 3 - -02-0

Any Warrant to any Attorney or Solicitor, Proolor, or other Agent, to appear for any Plain*iff or Defendant in any Action or Suit, in any Court holding Flea in Ireland, where the Debt j.or Damage amounts to ^0/ or above, or where the Thing in Demand or Cause of Suit is of that Value; or to prosecute or defend such Action or Suit, or to confds Judgement thereon - -I 026

Any Appearance to be entered in any such Court or Courts in Ireland, by any Six Clerk,

Attorney, Solicitor, Proctor, or other Agent, for each and every Defendant named in such Entry -

Any Special Bail to be taken in any of the Courts in Dublin, or before any of the Judges of the said Courts, or in any Court whatsoever*

Any Appearance that shall be made on such Bail -

Any Common Bail, to be filed in any Court whatsoever, and any Appearance that shall be made on such Bail

Any Bail Bond taken by any Sheriff or Under Sheriff, or by any Town Clerk, or any Seneschal of any Manor -

Any Alignment of such Bail Bond -

Any Declaration (except Declarations in Eje&ments' Bill, Answer, Plea Replication, Rejoinder, or Demurrer, and any interrogatories, or Depositions, taken by Commissioners or Mailers Clerks, and any Libel, Allegation, or Deposition, or other Plea or Pleading, of what Nature or Kind soever, not herein otherwise charged, that shall he tiled by or on Behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendants by any Attorney, Solicitor. Prodlor, or other Agent, in any Court of Law or Equity, or in the Ecclesiastical or Admiralty Courts, or in any other Court in Ireland save and except the Paper Drafts of Depositions before they are ingrossed \:

For the first Fifteen computed Sheets, or any less Quantity thereof And for every entire Quantity of Fifteen computed Sheets over and above the First Fifteen computed Sheets -

Any Declaration, Bill, Answer, Demurrer, Plea, or Pleading, at Law or in Equity, hied by or on Behalf of any Attorney or Solicitor, who shall sue or be sued as an Attorney or Solicitor in his own proper Person, on the first Skin thereof, over and above all other Stamp Duties -

Any Copy of any Declaration in Ejectment, or other Declaration, Bill, Answer, Plea. Replication, Rejoinder, Demurrer, Interrogatory, Leposition, Allegation, or Libel, or of any other PEa or Pleading in any Court whatever, or any Copy of any Record to be furnished to the Twelve JudgeB for the hearing of Causes in Error in the Court of Exchequer Chamber

Any

Ecclesiastical r other or others

o

0

o

Q

o

0

Exception to any Answer or Report filed in any Court of Equity, or in any E Court in Ireland, to be charged upon each Exception, whether joined with any oth on the fame Sheet or Piece of WUum, Parchment, or Paper, or not

And for every Ni u*ty Words which each and every Exception shall contain, over and v above the first Nmetv Word*, a further Duty of

And upon each andeveiy Exception, over and above the First Ten Exceptions, a further Duty of

And for every Ninety Words which each and every such Exception, after the First Ten Exception: , shall contain, over and above the Eirit Ninety Words, a further Duty of

Any Certificate of the Length of Pleadings in the Court of Chancery or Equity Side of the Court ot Exchequer -

Any Charge or Discharge filed in any Court of Equity -

Any am fled Copy of any lucji Charge or Discharge -

Any attested Copy of auv Account or Report filed in any Cause, in the Court of Chancery, or in the Equity or Revenue Side of the Court of Exchequer -

040

o 4 o

026

004

026

016

040

SCHEDULE (A.)

Vrits, Proceffcs, See. continued.

Any Copy of any Account of Report filed in Chancery in the Matter of any Minor or Lunatic -

Any original Affidavit or Depoltion, not hereby otherwise charged, taken before any Judge, Commissioner, or other Person authorized to take the fame (except such Affidavits as shall be taken before the Officers of His Majesty's Cuiloms or Excise, Affidavits relating to Criminal Prosecutions, Affidavits made for the Purpose of registering Freeholds, and all Affidavits to be made before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or before a Magistrate of any Corporation acting as a Justice of the Peace, unless hereby otherwise charged, and except Affidavits to he taken before a Magi ft rate acting in any Court of Conscience or of summary Juriidiclion, or before any Judge of Assize or Commission of Over and Terminer, relative to Prosecutions or Trials on Indictments, or to Civil Bills, and except Affidavits made in pursuance of any Act relative to the Hempen or Linen Manufactures, or to the Payment of Corn Premiums, or before the Dublin Society, and except Affidavits or Affirmations directed to be made before One or more of the Commissioners for managing Stamp Duties, or before any Person appointed by them, or before a Commissionar for taking Affidavits with rest.e& to the Regulations or Management of the said Duties -

Any Copy of any such Affidavit, which shall be read in any Court whatsoever Any Affidavit made to enter a Fine, or to ground any Application against a Sheriff cr Coroner

Any Copy of any such Affidavit -

Any Affidavit made in pursuance of any Law for amending or repairing publick Roads, or made before the Trustees of any Purr*pike, relative to the Roads or Tolls of such Turnpike, or made for the Purpose of grounding thereon any Presentmer.t of any Grand Jury or for raising M mey for Repair of Roads, or any other publick Purpose, or for accounting for any jublick Money, or discharging Queries on Pn lentments;

Where the Amount of the Money to be presented, raised, or accounted for, shall not

exceed £ o

Where such Amount kail exceed j->°\and shall not f ^, oa

i Oj /, \ <5L 2 00

it.'iocf eXLCcd \ -

Ary CoTnrriffioa for taking Affidavits that shall be issued from any Court -

Aay Summons or Warrant dined by any Mailer in Chancery, or by the Chief or Deputy Remembrancer of the Cou't of Exchequer, or by any of the Chief or Deputy Prothosunarics or the Court of King's B?neh or Cuin.no 1 Pleas, or by the Chief or Deputy Clerk of the Pleas in Ib.cheqvKr, or by any of the Ch ef or Depot} Regiftvars of th.e Court of Chancery or Court of Excheqiu r. or by any other O I'cer or Officers of any Court of Law or Equity, or of the keelCubical Courts, or Court of Admiralty, or any other Court in Ireland, for the Purpose oi proceeding to settle any Decree, or proceeding oil any Order of Reference, or taxing Colts, or auy other Purpose for which such Summuiifcs or Warrants are usually iiTued by fuel) Oitacm M'pvdtively

or D erate doth amuu it to'orty Shilling?, or the Thing in Demand or C uife of Suit is ol that YhW, v.hethi r such Rule or Q: d r ih dl be made in open Court, or by any Judge of such Con tsrrfpccUvidy in his Chamber, by way of Fiat for an O d r Ary Copy of any such Rule or Order, v.r any Cony of any other Record or Proceedings in any of the tau4 Courts r ot hereby otherwise charged -

V.y original No ice of any Trial, Motion, or Hearing, in any Court of Raw or Equity, or ain EccietaafficulCourts, or in the Court of Adn.iv dtyiu Ireland, such original Notice to he fdeci t.hbihe proper O'.a ers of inch Courts reflectively, before any Motion, Trial, or Hearing, (tallbe made or hud, grounded thereon -

A: v Cory of such Notice for S: rvice -

A'.v Record of NU\ P iu«, and any Pollca indoifed on such Record -

Any Writ of Inquiry ot Damages -

A', y Equitation or issue taken or found by any Jury in any Civil Action, whether at Nffi rrlus, or \>fore r.ry Sheriff or Sheriffs, or other Officer or Officers, on any Judgment by Deiault, or on any \V rit of Etc git -

Any \. tevh.ciUory Judgment in ar.v Court of Dw in Ireland -

Ar.y final Judgement which shall he signed by the M liter of any O fice^ or his Deputy

viveendary, or by y»v

Prothonotury or li-3 6

Secondary, Deputy, or Clerk, or any otlwi

Duty.

/C.

o*6

o i 6

003

0 5 0 o

0 2 0

030-

0 4. O

050

1 5 o

010 0 2 0

OIO

OlO

o o o o o 10 o 10

o 10

0 5

6

3

o

o

Sr'

{ ZOy #1,

-Af.

QyO

SCHEDULE (A.)

Duty.

The like en Cspiet, 4* G. 3. J 1 f'4-

6chid. si.

4 $e n\ to

J r-ctcut'.pi far 7v ht4, 47 G. /. z f. 14. 6c; ..d. A.

Writs, Protestes, &c. [Judgments continued.}

Officer belonging to any of the Courts in the City of Dublin, who have Power, or usually do or shall lign Judgments, whether the said Judgment so signed arises in an Action of Debt, or on the Case, or by Confession,

For any Sum under c-£'ioo -

For .^'100, and not exceeding £200 -

And for every £joo exceeding the Sum of .-£200, a further Duty of Any Writ of Habere facias feifmam, or Writ of Restitution or Possession Any Warrant to any Attorney to satisfy a Judgment entered of Record in the Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer, in Dublin -

Any Warrant of Attorney to vacate any Recognizance entered into in the Court of Chancery'or Equity Side of the Court of Exchequer, and any Order obtained to vacate the fame Any Decree or Dismissal made by or in the Court of Chancery Any Decree or Dismissal made by or in the Court of Exchequer Any Exemplification of a Decree of the Court of Chancery under the Great Seal Any Writ of Error or Certiorari, and any Appeal, except from the Court of Admiralty or Prerogative Court, or any Diocesan or Archiepiscopal Court -

Except always in all Cases all Proceedings in any Court Martial, or in any Suit in any of the Courts aforesaid, which shall be sued, prosecuted, or had, by any Person admitted to sue or defend therein, in Forma Pauperis.

Any Entry of any Action in the Mayor's or Sheriff's Court in the City of Dublin, and in Courts of all Corporations, and in all other Courts whatsoever, out of which no Writ, Process, or Mandate ifiues, holding Plea, where the Debt or Damage doth amount to Forty Shillings, or above, or where the Thing in Demand or Cause of Suit is of that Value Any Appearance to be entered to any such Action

Any Summons issued out of any inferior Court not holding Plea, above Forty Shillings Any Warrant ifiucd by any such Court, and any Order made by any such Court, on any Summons issued as aforesaid Any Summons or Process whereby the Defendant or Defendants shall be required to appear or] answer the Plaintiff's Bill, or to appear before any Recorder, Assistant Barrister, Sen schal, t or Steward of a Manor Court, or other Judge, or Officer, in any Proceeding in a summary 1 Way by Civil Bill.- - J

Any Copy of any such Summons -

Anv Decree winch shall be made or pronounced by, or any Warrant which shall issue under the Hand and Seal, or Hand only, of any Assistant Barrister, Recorder, Town Clerk, or Seneschal, or by any Judge of Assize, in Causes heard by Civil Bill;

Where the Sum decreed shall he under £$ -

shall amount to 3C5, and shall not amount to s£io shall amount to £10 or upwards -

Any Dismiss made or pronounced by any Assistant Barrister, Recorder, or Judge of Assize Any Dismiss made or pronounced by any Seneschal or Steward of any Manor, in any Proceeding by Civil Bill -

Any Renewal of a Decree or Dismiss on any Proceeding by Civil Bill, whether such Decree or Difn.ifs shall have been made or pronounced by any Judge of Assize, Recorder, Assistant Ban; {ler, Seneichal, or Steward of a Manor Any Recognizance on nn Appeal- from any Decree or Dismiss made or pronounced by an Assistant Barrister, Recorder, Seneschal, or Judge of Assize Any Citation or Monition, Mandate, Prohibition, Summons, Requifnion, or other Process, of what Nature or Kind soever, that shall iftuc out of any Eceleliaftital Court in Irelandf, and not herein other wise charged, and any Copies of them respectively Any Inventory lodged or exhibited in any Ecclesiastical Court in Ireland, and any Copy thereof Anv Variant (except Warrants to Proctors to appear) Monition, or Personal Decree in the Cunt t id Admiralty (except in Suits for Recovery of Seamen's Wages)

Any lVsiuual Decree in any EccUfiail: t_<ri Court in Ireland

A.'.v Sentence t'* at iha.ll be given in the Court of Admiralty, or any Attachment (except in Suits for tlw Recovery of Seamen's Wages) that shall be made out of the said Court of Admiralty, or any Relaxation oi fmy such Attachment Any Interlocutory Decree in any of the Ecclesiustical Courts, or in the Court of Admiralty in Ire*and -

Any Decree or Difuiifihl irt any Ecelefiafticrl Court in Ireland A ny Exemplification oi any Decree in any Ecclesiastical Court in Irelnn Any Comnr'uiou iiftedoul of any Feelciiastical Court, not herein-befo

d.

5

10

o

10

5

4

5

*5

o

002

o

o

2

4

7

4

o

o

O O

z.

A.

eland

i-before particularly charged 1

A.nv A*-peal from any DmcHan Court«A

Any Appeal from the Coert of A Imiralty, or Prerogative Court, or any Archiepiscopal Court Any C.itlodiam under the Seal of the Exchequer, grounded on an Outlawry in any Civil Action

o

o

o

o

J

JO

10

4

*5

7

o

o

[o to

o

6

o

6

o

o

oil

A.D. 180;

47° GEORGII III. Sess.

C. 50. 105

SCHEDULE (A.)

IV. — Probates and Administrations, and Receipts for Legacies.

Any Probate of a Will, and any Letters of Administration whatever, for any Estate

r 2o"l r ICO

Of the Value of

£ 30 100 200 300

4 OO 300 60O 700 80O 900

1.000 i>500

2.000 3, 306

5.000 7, 500

10.000

12.500

15.000

17.500

20.000

25.000

30.000

35.000

40.000

45>coa

50.000

60.000

70.000

80.000

90.000

ico, oooo

125.000

130.000

175.000

200.000

250.000

300.000

350.000

400.000

500.000 and upward*

and under the Value of A

£ ico 200

3 co 400 300 600 700 800 900

1.000 1 >50<>

2.000

3.000

7>5°°

10.000 12, 500

15.000

I7>5°°

20.000

25.000

30.000

35.000

40.000

45.000

50.000

60.000

70.000

80.000

90.000

100.000

125.000

150.000

175.000

200.000 250, 000 300, 000 350, 000 400, 000 500, 000

Duty.

Any Letters of Administration, pendente lite, granted by Sentence or Decree, or under the Authority of any Ecclesiastical Court -

And fw every entire Quantity of Fifteen computed Sheets above the first Fifteen computed Sheets, contained in any Probate of anf Will, or any Letters of Administration Except in all Cases, the Probate of any Will or Letters of Administration of the Goods, Chattels, and Effects of any common Seaman, Marine, or Soldier, who shall be flain or die in the Service of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors.

Any Copy of any Will atte (led by the proper Officer of any Ecclesiastical Court Any Receiptor Discharpe for any Legacy specific, or pecu Lry, or of any other Description, of the Atmount or Value of Twenty Pomids, or more, by any Will or Testamentary

InstrumeiK, and charged upon or given out of any Real or I Vi Tonal Estate, or Monies arising from the Sale of any Real Estate, directed to be sold by any Will or Testamentary Instrument, or for tie clear Residue, or for any Part of the clear Residue of the Personal Estate of any Person dying testate or intestate, or for the clear Residue, or for any Part of the clear Residue devised to any Person or Persons, of any Monies arising or that may arise by the Sale of any Real Estate directed to be sold by any Will or Testamentary Instrument, if the Person dying Hall leave any Personal Estate, or any Real Estate or Estates, so directed to be sold, of the clear Value of One hundred Pounds or upwards, in the Whole, after deducting Debts, Funeral Expences* and other Charges and Legacies (if jmy) for every One hundred 47Gko.HI. P

£ /. d.

0 10 0

- 1 JO 0

2 0 0

3 0 0

4 0 0

5 0 0

6 0 0

7 0 0

- 8 0 0

-90 0

-5 0 0

- 20 0 0

35 0 0

Co 0 0

- 75 0 0

-90 0 0

110 0 0

*35 0 0

160 0 0

1*5 0 0

210 0 0

260 0 0

310 0 0

- 360 0 0

410 0 0

460 0 0

- 550 0 0

650 0 0

- 750 0 0

850 0 0

950 0 0

1, 200 0 0

1, 400 0 0

1, 600 0 0

2 , oco 0 0

2, 500 0 0

3, 000 0 0

3>500 0 0

4, 000 0 0

5, 000 0 0

6, 000 0 0

10 0 0

See $ 29 — J t of thii AdL

o 5

003

See $ 32 — 56

cj thL sift.

C. 50.

106

47° GEORGII III. Sess. ii A.D. 1807.

Ste $3$

*j ik.i Act.

See §14

of tan Aa.

Receipts for Legacies, continued.

Pounds of the Value of any such Legacy or Residue, or Part if Residue, and for any fractional Part of One hundred Pounds, the Sums following 5 videlicet,

If such Legacy or Residue, or Part of Residue, shall be given or pass to or for the Benefit of a Brother or Siflef of the Deceased, or any Descendant of such Brother or Sister If the same shall be given or pass to or for the Benefit of a Brother or Sister of a Father or Mother of the Deceased, or any Descendant of such Brother or Sister If the same shall be given or pass to or for the Benefit of a Brother or Sister of a Grandfather or Grandmother of the Deceased, or any Descendant of such Brother or Sister If the same shall be given or pass to or for the Benefit of any Person in any other Degree of collateralConfanguinity to the Deceased, than as above described, or to or for the Benefit of any Stranger in Blood to the Deceased If any such Legacy or Residue, or Part of Residue, shall amount to the Sum of Five hundred Pounds or upwards, and shall be given or pass to or for the Benefit of any Child of the Deceased, or any Descendant of such Child, then for every of*ioo. of the Value thereof -

Except, in all Cases, any Receipt or Discharge for any Legacy, or any Residue, or any Part of Residue of any Real or Personal Estate, which shall be given or pass to or for the Benefit of the Husband or Wife of the Deceased.

And except, in all Cases, any Receipt or Discharge for any Legacy, or any Residue, or Part of Residue of any Real or Personal Estate which shall be given or pass to or for the Benefit of any of the Royal Family.

V. — Mercantile and Commercial Instruments.

For the Duty on Insurances; fee Schedule (B.)

Any Charter-Party, Passport, Procuration, Letter of Attorney, Warrant of Attorney (except Warrants of Attorney and Letters of Attorney otherwise charged) or any Notarial Act, not otherwise charged -

Any Bond on the Exportation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, entitled to Bounty, Drawback, or Allowance of Duties -

Any Bill of Lading which shall be signed for any Goods exported

Any Instrument, entitling any Person or Persons expoiting any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, from Ireland, to any Drawback or Bounty on exporting the fame Any Policy of Assuranceor Insurance, or any Writing commonly so called, for insuring Houses, Furniture, Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or other Property, from Loss by Fire Any Bank Note, or Bank Post Bill, which shall be issued for any Sum less than Fifty Pounds by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, or by any Banker or Bankers who shall have registered his or their Name or Names and Firm, in Manner directed by Law*; Where the Sum expressed therein shall not amount to Five Pounds

shall amount to Five Pounds, and shall not amount to Ten Pounds

shall amount to Ten Pounds, and shall not amount to Fifty Pounds Any Foreign or Inland Bill of Exchange, Promiftbry Note, or other Note, Draft, or Order

iexcept Bank Notes and Bank Post 33: 11s, otherwise charged, and except Promissory Notes or any Sum not exceeding Two Pounds Ten Shillings, passed ou account of Tythes, or for Money lent by any Society on charitable Loans) :

Where the Sum expressed therein shall not exceed - c. 10 -

Duty.

Where such Sum shall exceed

JO v

3°

50 I

it o;

and shall not exceed.

I 200 j

{ 500 J

I, coo

30

50

ICO

200

500

1, 000

Any Draft or Order in Writing for the Payment of any Sum of Money net exceeding Ten Pounds British Currency on demand, payable to Bearer or otherwise, drawn upon any Bank, or Banker or Bankers, or Person or Persons acting as a Banker or Bankers in Ireland, within Ten Miles of the Place where such Draft or Order shall be actually drawn and issued, which shall be negotiated, or of which Payment shall be required at any Time after the Expiration of Two Days from the Date thereof Any Protest where the Amount of the Bill or Note specified therein shall be less than Fifty Pounds -._*

Where such Amount shall be Fifty Pounds, or upward* -

<£ / d.

1 5 o

200

2 10 o

5 o

o 10 o

040

0 2 0

0 0 6

006 O I o

003

a o 4

a o o o

Q

O

6

o

o

o

0;

0 0 3

o 4 a 050

Mercantile and Commercial Instruments continued.

Any Receipt or other Discharge, not otherwise charged, given on the Payment of any Sum of Money, or on the Delivery of any Cheque, Draft, Bill, or other Oroer for any Sum of Money,

Amounting to £2 and not amounting to £io £20 and not exceeding £50 Exceeding £50 Aoy Receipt in full of all Demand

Except Receipt for Money paid into the Bank of Ireland, or into any House of any registered Banker or Bankers, or for the Purchase of Stock, or on the Back of any Bill, Note, or Deed, or by any Army or Navy Agent, Officer, Soldier or Sailor, for any Money received on account of Pay, Allowances, or other Military or Naval Perquisites or Emoluments, or by any Officer of the Exchequer, for Money received for His Majesty.

Any Receipt or other Discharge, given by any Officer of the Revenue on Payment of Money, for oron Account of any Duty on Dwelling Houses in respect of Hearths or Window, or Coaches and other Carriage, or Horses, and on Mule Servant;

If the Sum paid shall amount in the Whole to £2, and shall not amount to £20 If it shall amount to £20, and shall not exceed And if the Sum shall exceed £50 -

The said Duties on such last-mentioned Receipts to be paid by the Person to whom such Receipts shall be given by the Officers of the Revenue.

VI. — Licence, Game Certificates, and Deputation.

Any Licence to any Person to act as a Notary Publick Any Marriage Licence to be issued from the Court of Prerogative Any Licence to keep One or more Printing Press or Prefies -

Any Licence to any Person to deal or retail Stamps in Ireland

Except Persons being Distributors of Stamps lawfully appointed by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland.

Any Licence to any Person to manufacture Hats,

In the Cities of Dublin, Cork, Waterford, and Limerick, and Town of Belfad In any other City, Town, or Borough, returning a Member to serve in Parliament In any other Part of Ireland -

Any Licence to any Person (not being a Manufacturer of Hats) to utter or vend any Hats in any City or Town Corporate in Ireland In any other Part of Ireland Any Certificate to be granted by any Distributor of Stamps under the Provisions of an Act made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for " granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Certificates with respect to the killing of u Game in Ireland" -

Any Deputation or Appointment of a Gamekeeper granted to any Person by a Lord or Lady of a Manor, or other Person in Ireland

VII. — Newspapers, Almanack, and Publications.'

Any Paper containing publick New, Intelligence, or Occurrences, whether such Pkper shall be published once in every Week or oftener -

Any Almanack or Calendar for any One particular Year, or for any Time lef than a Year Any Almanack or Calendar made to serve for any longer Time than a Year, or for several Years Any Dublin Directory -

Any Army Lift, or any List of Attornies, Solicitors, or Conveyancers, duly admitted, and having paid Duty on their Certificates (except such Lifts respectively a shall be published with the Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being) -

Any Daily Account or Daily Bill of Goods imported into or exported from Ireland, or Abstra^F thereof, included in or witfi any other Publication; (except such Daily Account, or Bills of Imports or Exports, as shall be printed or published by any Person or Persons authorized to print the fame by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, and pursuant to the said Authority) -

Any Account or Bill of Goods impqrted into or exported from Ireland, printed or published Daily, Weekly, Monthly, or at any other Time or Times, as Accounts, or Abstracts of Accounts of such Goods, for each Day's Account contained therein (except such Accounts or Bills of Import or Export, a shall be printed or published by such Person or Persons aiaforesaid)

Duty.

P*

d.

o o o o o o o o

0 5

1 o*6

too o 10 o oxo oxoo

I 10 o loo o 10 o

loo

050

2 2 0 2 t o

o o

o

o

o 9

7*o 6

006

o o

o O t

47 C. 3. 14.

SCHEDULE (B.)

Articles not stamped on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper.

[For and upon every Japanned or Varnished Hat* and every Hat made of Silk, Wool, Felt, Stuff, Beaver, or Leather, or any Mixture of them, or with any other Substance or Sub-fiances, by whatever Name such Hat shall be'called or distinguished, which shall be uttered, vended, or sold by any Person taking out a Licence for uttering or vending Hats by Retail: If the Price or Value of such Hat, including all the Mounting or other Ornaments (except Gold or Silver Lace) shall not exceed the Sum of 5 s. Irish Currency If such Price or Value shall exceed 5 s. and shall not exceed 7 s. Irish Currency shall exceed 7 s. and shall not exceed 12 s. Irish Currency 12 s. and shall not amount to 18s.

shall amount to 18 s. or upwards

For every Advertisement to be contained or published in any Gazette, Newspaper, Journal, or Daily Accounts, to be published Weekly or oftener, or in any other printed Paper or Famphlet dispersed or made publick Yearly, Monthly, or at any other Interval of Time, or in any Hand Bill containing more than One Advertisement; and for every Copy of any Proclamation, Order of Council, or Act of State, made by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, or the Privy Council of*Ireland, which shall be contained or published in any Gazette, Newspaper, Journal, or Daily Accounts, other than the Dublin Gazette

And for every Ten Lines which every such Advertisement, Proclamation, Order, or Act of State shall contain over and above the first Ten Lines (no such Lines to exceed 20 m's of the Letter called Long-primer, or Two Inches and Three Quarters of, an Inch), a further Duty of -

And if such Advertisement shall be printed in Lines exceeding such Length as aforesaid, then a Duty in all Cases equal to Treble the Amount of the foregoing Duties.

For every Pamphlet or Paper not exceeding Six Sheets in Octavo, or in a lesser Page, and not exceeding Twelve Sheets in Quarto, or Twenty Sheets in Folio, for every Sheet of any

Kind of Paper contained in One printed Copy or Impression thereof, a Duty of

The foregoing Duty on Advertisements and Pamphlets does not extend to Advertisements respecting Hospitals, Forms of Prayer and Thanksgiving, printed Votes and Proceedings m Parliament, School Books, or Books of Devotion or Piety.

For any Assurance or Insurance, viz.

For any Assurance or insurance of any Ship or Ships, Goods, or Merchandize, or any other Property or interest whereon insurance may be lawfully made against Loss in any'Voyage or Voyages, or from the Dangers of or other Perils at Sea, where the Premium, or Consideration in the Nature of a Premium, actually and bona fide paid or contracted for shall not exceed the Rate of 20a. per Cent.;

For any Voyage to or from any Port or Place in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, from or to any other Place in the said Kingdom or Islands;

Where the Sum insured shall amount to One hundred Pounds, or any less Sum*And so progressively for every One hundred Pounds so insured - ,

And where the Sum insured shall exceed One hundred Pounds, or any progressive Sums of One hundred Pounds each by any fractional Part of One hundred Pounds, for such fractional Part - For any other Voyage,

Where the Sum insured shall amount to One hundred Pounds, or any less Sum And so progressively for every One hundred Pounds so insured And where the Sum insured shall exceed One hundred Pounds, or any progressive Sums of One hundred Pounds each by any fractional Part of One hundred Pounds, for such fractional Part -

And where the Premium, or Consideration in the Nature of a Premium for such Insurance, actually and bona fide paid or contracted for, shall exceed the Rate of Twenty Shillings per Cent, for any Voyage, then a Duty, in all Cases, equal to double the Amount of the foregoing Duties.

Any Assurance or insurance upon every Sum of One hundred Pounds, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Sum, that is or shall be insured by any Person or Persons, in or by any Policy of insurance for insuring Houses, Goods, Furniture, Warehouses, Merchandize, r other Property, from Loss by fire, yearly*i z

Duty.

d

o o j

006

OIO 0 2 0 0 2 6]

0 1#

OIO

0 2 0

O I 3

O I 3

o I 3

026 0 2 6

o a C

026

SCHEDULE

' SCHEDULE (C.)

ALLOWANCES.

To any Person who shall bring Vellum, Parchment, or Paper to the Head Office of the Commissioners of Stamps in Dublin, to be Ramped, or who shall buy any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, at the said Head Office, the Duties whereof respectively shall amount to Twenty Pounds or upwards ffave and except Vellum, a Parchment, ami i ap^r, to he Ramped with any Duty of Fifty Pounds or upwards, in the foregoing Schedules mentioned), after the Rate of Three Pounds for every One hundred Pounds, upon prompt Payment of the said Duty upon such Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, so by them brought.

To any Shopkeeper or Shopkeepers, Healer or Coalers, or other Person or Persons, who shall produce at tho Head Office of the Commissioners of Stamps in the City of Dublin, to be Ramped with any Receipt Stamps*a: .v Quantity of Paper, whereon shall be written or printed these Words: 44 I, [or, We, here inserting tbs Name or Namely or Firm of the Person or Persons so producing the fame, and paying for the said Stamps'] Do hereby acknowledge that I> [or, W, as the Case may be] have received the Sum of " aa

Allowance thereon after the Rate of Fifteen Pounds per Contum» if the Quantity so paid for at one Time Roll amount to the Value of Five Pounds, and not exceed Fifteea Pound*, and after the Rate of Twenty Pounds per Centum if the Quantity so paid for at one Time shall amount to Fifteen Pounds or upwards.

C A p' LI.

An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act made in the Iaft Session of Parliament, for abolishing Fecir received by certain Officers and other Persons employed in the Sendee of the Customs in the Port of London, and for regulating the Attendance of Officers and others so employed, to the Out-Ports* and to appropriate the Fees of certain abolished and vacant Offices in the Customs to The Superannuation Fund.

[25th April 1807.]

1 by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for abolishing Fees received^qco^c.Si —

' D ly certain Officers and other Persons employed in the ervice of the Cujlums in the Port of London, and for regulating the Alien ianre of Officers and others so eing'jyed, certain Officers and other Persons enumerated and described in the Tabic aiv.excd to tt.e Did Act employed in tlieService of the Customs in the Porto fLondon. are,

forbid, on Pain of D.imission for the lirft Offence, to require, take, or receive any Fee, Perquisitc, Gratuity, or Reward, for any Stud c, Act, Duty.Matter, or Thing, done or performed, or to be done or performed, on account of their rdfpedlive Offices or Employments, except ns in the said Act is provided: And Whereas it would tend greatly to the Benefit of the fair Trader, and the Security of the Revenue, if the Powers and Provisions of.

the said Act were extended to the other Ports in Great Britain J be it therefore enacted by the King's mod

Excellent Majesty by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,

in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,1 hat from and after the Fifth Day of

July One thousand eight hundred and seven, it shall be lawful for the Lords Coni miff oners of His Majority's

Treasury for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, whenever it shall appear pedient, to extend the Pavilions of

Provisions of the said recited Act to any of the Ports in Great Britain, and to the Officers, Clerks, and other the recited A<ffc

Port in Great Britain.

hey 1

Great Britain, and to the Officers, Clerks, and other Persons employed in the Service of the Customs therein, think tit. to give Notice thereof in the London Gazette Three several Times

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expiration of Fourteen Days at loast from the No Fee or Pebiication of any such Notices, or any such longer Period from fticli Publication as the said Lords Com- Gratuity shall missioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall direct to be therein inserted, no Fee, Perquisite, Gratuity, or Reward, whether pecuniary or of any other Sort or Description whatsoever, shall be required, taken, or received by v per'ton" any Officer, Clerk, or other Person executing, or performing, or assisting in the Execution or Performs neer employed in ths of a.iy of the Duties, or acting in any of the Offices or Employments in or belonging to His Majesty's Sctvice of the Customs, enumerated or described in the Table annexed to this Act, marked (A.) in any Port or Ports in Customs, m any Great Britain, respediffig which such Notice as aftmsaid shall have been given, for any Act, Duty, Matter, or Thing done or performed, or to be done or performed, by any or either of such Officer or Officers, Clerk or Clerks, or other Person or Persons, on account of or relating to any such Office or Employment, except as herein after provided; and all such Officers, Clerks, and other Persons respectively, Ihnii, from and after the Officers (Kail Expiration of the Period fixed in the Notice by this Act di'-ecied to be given, receive such annual Salaries, or revive yearly other Allowances, as the Lords Commissioners of His Majority's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, shall Salaries, deem to be reasonable, for the Labour and Trouble of executing the Duties of their respective Offices or Employments; and if any such Officer, Clerk, or other Person fhai!, at any Time after the Expiration of the Penalty on Period mentioned in the said Notice, requne, take, or receive any Fee, Perquisite, Gratuity, or Reward^ Oincers raking whether pecuniary or of any other Sort or Description whatever, except a9 herein after is provided, either jyr*\ directly or indirectly, on account of or relating to any such Office or Employment, or for any Serv ice, Act,

Duty, Matter, or Thing done or performed, or to he done or performed therein, although the lame shall be freely offered or given, every such Officer, Clerk, or other Person so offending, fh ill, on Proof thereof to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England, or any Four or more of them, or of the Corrimifficners of His Majesty's Customs in Scotland, or any Three or more of them respectively, be for the lirft Offence peremptorily difiniffed from his Office or Employment, and be rendered incapable of ever again holding or executing or adiing in any Office or Employment in the Service of His Majesty's Customs or Excise.

" Exceptiooa* to Share of Seizures; Jcc, or Allowance or Reward to Officers. §3- 46 G, 3. c. 82. §2.3

IV. Aud

Treasury may make Compensation to Offictrs who suffer by Abolition of Fees.

Compon Cation to Oftcers under 46 G. 3. c. Sz«

§ 3. may be continued although the Officers may be removed.

Officers specified in Table (A)shall rake the Oath herein mentioned inHead of the O ifh under Cf 7 Gul.3. c. 1. $5-

Ko Holidays, except Sundays, Christmas D iy, Good Frid-y, J\iMic F.»ds, &c. Redoiarion, R»*ih Days of King a»<d Queen a >d Prince of W'aies.

Treasury may alter the Hours of Attendance.

Tees of abolished and vacant Offices appio-fjii.ited in Augmentation

C. 51. 47° GEORGII III. Sess. i; A.D. 1807.

IV. And, in order that proper Compensation may be made to any Officer, Clerk, or other Person employed in the Service of the Customs at any Port in Great Britain, who may sustain. Loss by the Abolition of Fee* directed by this Act, be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, in Cases where, on due Examination and Inquiry, it shall be made to appear to them that the Salaries or Allova ices which by this Act they are authorized to direct to be paid to Officers, Clerks, and other Persons employed in the Service of the Customs, at any Port io Great Britain, as a Reward for their Labour in future, in the Execution of the Duty of their respective Offices or Employments, may not amount to so much as it might be just and reasonable to allow to the present PoflcfTor* of such Offices or Employments, by way of Compensation for the Loss of Fees formerly received by them respectively, to order such further Allowance as they the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall deem just and reasonable to be paid to any such Officer, Clerk, or other Person; such further Allowance to commence from the Time after which the Officers, Clerks, and other Persons employed in the Service of the Customs at any Port or Ports in Great Britain* shall be, according to the Provisions of this Act, prohibited from taking or receiving any Fee, Gratuity, or Reward whatever; and such Allowances shall continue during the Time any such Officer, Clerk, orother Person shall hold any such Office or Employment; Provided always, that in case any such Officer, Clerk, or other Person shall be removed to any other Office or Employment in the Service of the Customs, the Annual Salary or other Emoluments of which do not amount to more than the Salary, and the further Allowance by way of Compensation hereby directed to be made to any such Officer, Clerk, or other Person would have amounted to, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Lords Commissioner, of His Majesty's Treasury to continue to any such Officer, Clerk, or other Person, the Allowance? or any Part thereof, they may have granted by way of Compensation for Loss of Fees, notwithstanding such Removal as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That any Allowance, by way of Compensation for Loss of Fees, which the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury have thought nt to grant by virtue of the said recited Act, to any Officer, Clerk, or other Person employed in the Service of the Customs, in the Port of London, may, in case of the Removal of any such Officer, Clerk, or other Person, to any other Office or Employment in the Service of the Customs, the Income of which m.iy not exceed in Amount the annual Salary and Allowances any such Officer, Clerk, or other Person was entitled to receive on account of the Office or Employment from which he may have been so removed, be continued to such Officer, Clerk, or other Person, either in the Whole or in Part, notwithstanding such Removal, in case the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Threer more of them, shall so direct; any Thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall, after the Expiration of the Period mentioned in the Notice by this Act required to he given respecting the Abolition of Fees at any Port or Ports in Great Britain, be appointed to any of the Offices or Employments in any such Port enumerated or described in the Table to this Act annexed, marked (A.) shall, at their respective Admissions thereto, instead of the Oath prescribed by an Act passed in the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, take the following Oath; (that is to say),

I A.B. do swear to be true and faithful in the Execution, to the best of my Knowledge and Power, of the < A Trust committed to my Charge and Inspection, in the Service of His Majesty's Customs } and that I will not require, take or receive any Fee, Perquisite, Gratuity, or Reward, whether pecuniary or of any other Sort ' or Description whatever, either diieftly or indirectly, for any Service, Act, Duty, Matter or Thing done or performed, or to be done or performed in the Execution or Discharge of any of the Duties of my Office or Employment, on any Account whatever, other than my Salary, and what is or shall be allowed me by Law.

So help me GOD.'

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and ieven, no Holidays whatever shall be permitted or allowed to be observed and kept at the Cuilom House in any of the Ports in Great Britain, or by any Officer, Clerk, or other Person belonging to or employed in the Service of His Majesty's Customs in any of the said Ports, except Chrifmas Day and Good Friday in every Year, and any Days which shall he appointed by His Majesty's Proclamation for the Purpose of a General Fail or Thanksgiving, and also the Anniversaries of the Restoration of His Majesty King Charles the Second, and of the Coronation of His Majesty, and the Birth Days of Their Majesties and of iiis Royal Highness the Prince of IVaks; but that all Business of the Custom House, and relating to the Revenue of Customs within the said Ports, shall be carried on and performed on every Day throughout the Year, except on Sundays, and the Day* before excepted; any Law, Usage, or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Lords Commissioner* of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, by Warrant under their Hands, whenever and a* often as they shall deem it right for the better Security of the Revenue, and the Accommodation of Trade, to alter the Hours during which the Officers, Clerks, or other Persons employed in the Service of the Customs at any Port of Great Britain, except the Port of London, are now by Law required to attend in the Execution of the Duties of their respective Offices or Employments, and to regulate and direct the Attendance of every such Officer, Clerk, or other Person so employed, in such Manner and during such Times, and at such Places, as they the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall in their Judgement deem expedient for the Publick Service; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX 'And Wherens, by an Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for abolishing certain Offices in the Customs, and for regulating certain other Offices therein, and for applying the Fees which have been received from vacant OJfces towards the Augmentation of the Superannuat ion Fund, certain Fees and Emoluments attached to various abolished and vacantOflices in the Customs, and received previous to the FifthDay

' of

A.D. 1807, 47 GEORGII III. Sess. i.

in

C. 5i,

«of July One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, were directed to be appropriated and applied in Aug- oPtbeSuper-

mentation of the Superannuation Fund, established under the Management of the Commissioners of His Majesty's

Customs, for the Benefit of aged and infirm or disabled Officers: And Whereas it is expedient to make Provision 3«for the Appropriation of such of the said Fees and Emoluments as hare been or may be received iince the said

Fifth Day of JulyOnc thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight 5* be it therefore enacted, That the several Sums of Money which nave been received since the said Fifth I>ay of July One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, or which may at any Time hereafter be received for Fees or Emoluments of Offices, in the Customs so abolished and vacant, shall be appropriated and applied in Augmentation of the said Fund, called the Superannuation Fund, in such Manner as the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England for the Time being, or any Four or more of them, shall in their Judgement and Ducretion deem proper, and shall by Writing under their Hands direct.

" Act may be altered thii Sc (Hon. ( ro.

T ABL E to which this Act refers#

TABLE (A.)

A LIST of Offices ami Employments in His Majesty's Customs, in the several Ports in Great Britain (except the Port of London) : --The Officers, Clerks, and other Persona appointed to execute and discharge any of the Duties thereof respectively, or acting therein, are, by the Act to which this Table is annexed, prohibited, after the Expiration of the Time mentioned in the Notice directed to be given with respect to any such Porte* from requiring, taking, or receiving any Fee, Perquisite, Gratuity, or Reward, on any Account whatever* oa pain of Dismission: videlicet.

Surveyors of Warehouses.

Landing Surveyors.

Controlling Surveyors.

Surveyors of any other Description,

Deputy King's Waiters.

Acting King's Waiters.

Landing Waiters of every Description, and Persons ailing as Landing Waiters*

Giuigers.

Measurn of Timber.

Jerquers.

Warthouse Keepers of every Description*

Controllers on Warehouse Keepers of every Description,

Gerks of the Checque on the Weighing Porters or Weighers*

Su(*rintcndant of the Weighing Porters or Weighers.

Appointers of the Weighing Porters or Weighers.

Lockers of every Description, and Persons acting as Lockers.

Weighing Porters and Weighers of every Description, and Persons acting as Weighing Porters or Weigher* Watchmen of every Description, and Persons aiding as Watchmen.

Conp-.rs.

Yard Keepers.

Measurers of Keels.

Patent Searchers.

Surveyors of the Searchers.

Searcher* of every Description, and Persons aiding as Searchers.

Surveyors of the Coast Waiters.

Coait Waiters of every Description, and Persons acting as Coast Waiters.

Iofpedors of Coal Meters,

Inspectors of the Water Guard of every Description, and Persons act ing aff Inspectors of the Water Guard. Tide Surveyors of every Description, and Persons acting as Tide Surveyors.

Kegull^rs of the Tide Waiters

Tide Waiters of every 1 )escription, and Pbrfous adking as Tide Waiters.

Kegiden of the Watermen.

Sitters of Boats.

Watermen and Boatmen of every Description, and Persons acting as Watermen or Boatmen*

Supavisor* of Riding Officers,

Riding" Officers.

Preventive Officers.

Land Carriage Men.

\'oon Tenders.

Kegilters of W00L

Officers and Persons employed in the Quarantine Service.

Gate Keepers and Messengers employed in any of the ( ffices or F.mployments enumerated in this Table.

All Clerks, and Persons of every Description, employed either constantly or occasionally in or about any of the Offices or Employments enumerated or described in thisTable, or in any Way aiding or alliiling in the Execution or Difdarge of any of the Duties or Business thereof.

the /id (q which this Talk is annexed

cap:

A.D. 180;

iia C. 52 — 54.; 470 GEORGII III. Seffii;

CAP. LII.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to grant the Palace, called The King's House, with the Appurtenances, situate in Greenwich Park, in the County of Kent, to the Commi(Goners for the Government of The Royal Naval Asylum, and for enabling the said Commissioners to appoint a Chaplain to officiate therein.

[25 th April 1807.]

4t His Majesty empowered to grant the Premises mentioned to the Commissioners for the Government of the t( Naval Asylum. §1. — The Grant of the Lands declared vaUd, notwithstanding, Stats. 1 Ann, ft. 1. c. 7. u 1 Geo. 3. c. 1. or 34 G. 3. c. 75. or any other Act. §2. — Commissioners empowered to appoint a Chaplain €l to the Naval Asylum, §3.

IV.*And Whereas, by an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An

r Dignity, Prebend* Benefice, Donation, or perpetual Curacy f be it therefore enacted, That no Spiritual Person acting as Chaplain, Auditor, Secretary, or in any other public Office in His Majesty's said Royal Naval Asylum, shall be subject to any of the Pains, Penalties, or Forfeitures contained in the said Act, or in any other Act, for or on account of any Non-residence on any Dignity, Prebend, Benefice, Donation, or perpetual Curacy, in any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; any Thing in any other Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding,

tUe Ro^lV^ V. And be it further enacted, That no Officer, Servant, or other Person, who shall belong to, or reside Asylum ftiaiii l^ie Royal Naval Asylum, or Officer, Servant, or other Person, retained or employed in the said Royal

gain aScuiement Naval Asylum, either by or in the Service of the Commissioners aforesaid, for the Purposes of the said Royal in the Panth of Naval Asylum, or by or in the Service of any Person or Persons residing in or belonging to the said RoyalNaval Greenwich. Asylum, shall by reason of any such Office, Residence, Service, or Employment, gain or acquire any Settlement, in or be entitled to Relief from the Parish of Greenwich.

" General Saving. §6.

CAP. Lilt.

An Act to suspend for Twelve Months so much of an Act of the Second Year of King James the First, intituled, An All concerning Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and other Artificers, occupying tht cutting of Leather, as prohibits the regrating and ingrolGng of Oaken Bark.

[25 th April 1807.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His Majesty King James the Fifth Jac. r. c. 21. 4 -V Y intituled, An Act concerning Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and others occupying the cutting of Leather, it

is amongst other Things enacted, That no Person or Persons shall regrate, ingross, or get into his or their* 4 Hands, by buying, contracting, or promise taking, any Oaken Bark before it be Gripped, or after, to the Intent to sell the same again, Upon Pain of Forfeiture of all such Barks so by him or them regrated ingrafted, or bought contrary to the true Meaning of this present Branch, or the full Value thereof: And Whereas at this present Time especially, it is expedient that Persons rtiould be permitted to buy and contract for Oaken Bark

for the Purpose of felling the fame again, and supplying Tanners and others in Ireland and certain Parts of Great Britain, therewith; ' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, for and during the Space of Twelve Calendar Months next ensuing, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to regrate, ingross, or get into his or their Hands, by buying, contradling, of promise taking, any Oaken Bark before it be (tripped, or after* to the Intent to sell the same again; and that inch Person or Persons shall not be liable to any Pain of Forefeiture of such Barks, of the Value thereof, or to any other Pain or Penalty whatsoever on that Account; any Thing to the contrary thereof in the said Act of James the First, or the said Branch thereof contained notwithstanding; and that so much of the said Act, or the said Branch thereof, as is herein-before recited, shall he, from and after the passing of this Act, for and during the Space of Twelve Calendar Months next ensuing, and (o much of the fame is hereby suspended and ot no EfFedt.

CAP. IJtV.

An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeeper* and others on quartering Soldiers.

[25th April 1807.]

[The Rates are the same as in 41 G» 3. U\ K. c. 3 J.j — Continuance of Act from 24th March 1807, until ^jth March 1808.

Persons may " rtgr ttc or ingrof* Oaken Bark.

Recited A<fl

suspended for One. Year.

Cap.

A.D. 1807. 47° GEORGII III. Sess. i.

C-5S-

iij

CAP. LV.

An Act for charging the Sum of Twelve Millions, Part of the Loan of Twelve Millions two hundred thousand Pounds, raised for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven, upon the Duties of Customs and Excise, granted to His Majesty during the Continuance of the present War, and for certain Periods after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, and for providing a Sinking Fund for the Redemption of the Stocks or Funds thereby created.

[25th April 1807.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that a Part of the Loan or Loans raised for the Service of Great Britain, for the present Year, should be charged upon the several Duties of Customs and Excise, granted to His Majesty during the Continuance of the present War, and until certain Periods after the Ratification of a 4 Definitive Treaty of Peace; and for making an effectual Fund for defraying the Charge occasioned by such Part or Parts of the said Loan or Loans, as is or are or shall be charged thereon, it is expedient that certain

of the said Duties should be further granted and continued for such a further limited Term, and in such Proportions and Manner, as in this Act is directed be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembFd, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Duties of Excise granted to The Duties of His Majesty by an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for Excise granted panting to Bit Majesty until Twelve Months after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty of Peace, certain additional 4$ ^°' Duties of Excise in Great Britain; and by another Act passed in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's ^q^c# Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to Bit Majesty until Twelve Months after the Ratification of a Definitive furfs«r Treaty of Peace, additional Duties of Excise on Tobacco and Snuff; shall be, and the same are hereby further granted continued, and continued, and shall he payable to and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for such further Term or Terms, and in such Proportions, after the Expiration of the said Period, and in such Manner, as herein after it directed concerning the same.

II. And be it further enacted, That in order to defray the Charge occasioned by the Sum of Twelve i, iod oeoh t? Millions, Part of the Loan of Twelve Millions Two hundred thousand rounds contract.ed to be raised for the he ter apart, Service of Great Britain for the present Year, there shall, during the Continuance of the present War, and until during; u»c

Six Month* after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, be set apart at the Receipt of the Exchequer War*

in Enflcnd, and appropriated to the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, quarterly or otherwise, as the said Taxes, and ro i, e Charge may from Time to Time be incurred or become due, out of the Produce of any of the Duties of Customs appropriated to anJEicife granted to His Majesty, during the Continuance of the present War, and until certain Periods after the lhc Omfoiidattd Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, which may from Time to Time be remaining in the Exchequer, notwithstanding any other Appropriation of the said Duties by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in -f lcj /ITmrthun* force, the clear annual Sum of One Million two hundred thousand Pounds (being equal to Ten Pounds per p^t of the*.o.u*. Centum upon the said Sum of Twelve Millions; ) which annual Sum shall be deemed an Addition made to the ( See c. 28 #/ Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by the said thli Sfdl/on-)

S'lin of Twelve Millions, Part of the said Loan of Twelve Millions two hundred thousand Pounds, and by the several Funds to be created in respect thereof, by any Act or Acts of Parliament passed or to be passed in the pre-iert Session of Parliament.

III. And be it further enacted, That if no other Provision shall have been made by Parliament, for defraying the If no other

Annual Charge occasioned by the said Sum of Twelve Millions, from and after the Expiration of the said Period Provifkm Avail of Six Months from and after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, the Duties of Excise, granted to |^v<* 9

His Majesty by the above recited Acts, or so much ami such Part or Parts or Proportions thereof respectively (^c DuiieTouU ai shall not previously have been repealed or discontimied by any Act or Acts of Parliament, shall thenceforth i, c funner

be further continued and be payable to and for the Life of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors; and so much continued, &c.

thereof as shall amount to the Sum of One Million two hundred thousand Pounds, shall be deemed an Addition

trade to the Revenue for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by the said Sum of Twelve

Million*, Part of the said Loan, until iome other Provision shall be made by Parliament for defraying the said

CWge; and in case there shall be any Remainder of the Monies arising by the said Duties, after defraying the said Charge, such Remainder or Surplus shall, until the same shall be discontimied or specially appropriated by

Parliament, be applicable and may be applied to such Uses and Purposes as the Monies composing the Consolidated

Fund may by Law be applied.

IV. And be it further enacted, Thkt the several Clauses, Powers, Provisions, Directions, Fine*, Pains, Provisions of the Fealties, and Forfeitures, in the said recited Acts, or either of them, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament fwcral iccircd comvined, in relation to the said several Duties of Excise thereby respectively granted, and the Drawbacks or Bounties of Ex ife allowed thereon respectively, shall remain and continue in force, and be respectively applied, continued by pafrifed, and put in Execution, in respect of the said several Duties, Drawbacks, and Bounties respectively, Y

or'uch Parts or Proportion thereof respectively as shall from Time lo Time be continued by virtue of this Act, in a* full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the said Clauses, Powers Pr vilioni, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, were expressly repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That in addition to the Sum which shall from Time to Time be set apart and ifu -1 at the Receipt of the Exchequer in England, out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, to the Cashier

the fui t he

H4-

Reduction of the National Debt,

as also the Sums issued for the Charges of Management on Stock redeemed.

When the 12, 000, 000l. shall be redeemed by the Operation of the Annual Application of f, 200, 000l. that Sum shall cease to be issued.

Persons

counterfeiting Certificates, &c. guilry of Felony, without Clergy.

Tirafurer of the Navy shall not d'.avv on the bank but f*r Money to he immediately applied for Navy Services, &c.

Penal'y for ©(lending against this Act, incapacity of Office,

55»56. 47° GEORGII III. Sess. i. A.D. 1807.

the said Sam of Twelve Millions, together with the Charges attending the fame, such a further annual Sum as, together with the fame, shall be equal to the clear annual Sum of One Million two hundred thousand Pou ds, shall also from Time to Time be set apart and issued at the said Receipt of the Exchequer, out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, by equal Quarterly Payments, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt 5 who shall from Time to Time apply the fame, and also the Dividends payable on any Stock redeemed or purchased therewith, in such Manner as is directed by any Act or Acts now in force with respect to any other Sums issued to the Gud Commissioners for the Redemption of the National Debt; and all and every the Powers and Authorities, Regulations and Provisions, contained in any such Act or Acts, respecting the Application of Monies issued or placed to the Account of the said Commissioners, shall be valid and effectual, with respect to> the Monies issued or placed to the Account of the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act, in so far as the same are applicable and except where the same are herein expressly varied, as fully as if the fame were particularly re-amrtSHd therein s Provided always, that the first of the said Quarterly Payments shall commence and be payable on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and seven.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whenever any Part of the Principal or Capital Stock of any Publick Annuities shall have been'redeemed or purchased by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, with any Monies by this Act made applicable to that Purpose, all Sum or Sums of Money which would have been issuable to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England or paid for or on Account of the Charges of Management of such Stock in case the fame had not been redeemed, shall thenceforth be placed to the Account of the said Commissioners, and be by them applied in like Manner as any other Sums placed to their Account by virtue of this Act, are directed to be applied,

VII. And be it further enacted, That whenever and so soon as an Amount of Capital Stock of the Publick Annuities of Great Britain, producing an Amount of Dividends equal to the Amount of the Dividends payable ii respect of the Capital Stock or Funds originally created by the said Sum of Twelve Millions, Part of the Loan raised for the Service of Great Britain for the present Year, shall have been purchased or redeemed by the Operation of such Part of the clear Annual Sum of One Million two hundred thousand Pounds by this Act dirt ft ed to be set apart and appropriated out of the Produce of the said Duties, as shall from Time to Tim* have been applied by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, in the Purchase or Redemption of such Publick Annuities of Great Britain, then the said Sum of One million two hundred thousand Pounds shall no longer be issued at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, but shall be considered as redeemed by Parliament, and shall remain to be disposed of as Parliament shall direct.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or shall wilfully aid or assist in the forging or counterfeiting any Certificate or Certificates, Order or Orders, made forth by virtue of this Act, or alter any Number, Figure, or Word therein, or present for Payment, utter, vend, barter, or dispose of any such forged, counterfeited, or altered Certificate or Certificates, Order or Orders (knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, then and in every such Case, all and every such Person and Persons, being thereof convicted in due Form of Law, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

CAP. LVI.

An Act: for the further regulating the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy.

[25th April 1807.)

WHEREAS it is expedient to provide a further Security to the Publick against the Possibility of Abuse, V in drawing for Money issued for the Service of the Navy be it therefore enacted by the King's moil

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this jpresent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Treasurer of the Navy for the Time being, or any other Person or Persons authorized by him, shall draw upon the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for any Sum or Sums of Money, unless the fame Hull he intended for immediate Application to Navy Services; and if any such Mouey so drawn for shall not be immediately so applied, it shall not be lawful for the Treasurer of the Navy, or any such Person or Persons as a fore laid, to place or deposit the fame, or any Part thereof, in the Hands of any other Person or Persons whatsoever, except inch Person or Persons as shall be usually, and according to the Course of the Navy Pay Office, actually employed in the Payment of such Money to the Persons legally catilled to demand and receive the same.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Treasurer of the Navy, or other Person or Persons offending a gain ft this Act, and being thereof convicted in due Course of Law, shall be for ever thereafter rendered incapable of holding or executing the Office of Treasurer of the Navy, or any Office under the Treasurer of the Navy, or any Place or Employment in the Office of the Treasurer of the Navy, or any other Civil Office whatever, under His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors.

LOCAL

A.D. 1807.

47 GEORGII III. Sess. 1

C.i-vi.

115

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED,

OR PRINTED COPIES WHEREOF ARE DECLARED TO BE EVIDENCE.

Ar. B. — The Continuance of such of the ensuing ^8* 01 art temporary will be known by referring to the following Lift, according to the correspondxng Letters in the Title of each AS.

(a) For »1 Years, bfe. [i. e. to the end of the tfsen next Session] from a Day named in the AO*

!b) For 01 Years, &c. from the faffing of the AO. c) For 11 Years, bf c. after the End of the Term under former A3u

All Acts in this Lift % not distinguished by the Letters (q. P.) are Public Acts j to each of which is annexed a Clause in the Form following,

u And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be " judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded."

(q. P.) Quasi Publick A ft8, i. e. A3s to each of which is annexed a Clause in the Form following

" And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the Kng's most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof so printed shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and " others.*'

Cap. i.

AN Act for extending the Term, and altering the Powers of an Act, made in the Forty-fifth Year of His 45 G. 3. c.xxif. prefeot Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable Robert Bowyer, of Pall Mall, in the City of Westminster,

Esquire, t§ thfpose of bit Collodion of Paintings, Drawings, and Engravings, together with federal Copies of certain Books therein mentioned, by way of Chance.

[19th February 1807.]

[7uv for the diffojing of the Collodion extended to the Drawing of the First State Lottery after the faffing of the Ad, or the ^ih of July subsequent.]

Caf. ii.

An Act to continue and amend Two Acts, passed in the Fourth and Twenty-fifth Yean of Hi* prefeot Majesty, 0.3. c. 87. for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Town of bideford, in the County of Devon. (c). a J G. 3- 1 if*

[17th March 1807.]

Cap. iii.

An Act to continue and amend Two Acts, made in the Fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of Hi* 'present Majesty* 4 G. 3. c. 81. for repairing the Road from Ashborne, in the County of Derby, over Belf ar Bridge, to the present Turnpike 25 G. 3. c. HU Road from Sheffield and Chesterfeld to Derby, at or near a Place called Open wood Gate, and from Belpar Bridge to Ripley, in the County of Derby.

[17th March 1807.]

Cap. iv.

An Act for extending to Sums of mater Amount than Forty Shillings, the Provisions of Three Acts, passed 5 G. 3. cX in the Fifth, Sixth, and Tenth Years of His orefent Majesty, for the Recovery of Small Debts within the 6 G- 3- c-Hundred of Blackbeath, Bromley and Beckenham % Rokejtey otherwise RuxUy, and Little and Lejfness, in the 10 G* 3' c* County of Kent, and of Wallington, in the County of Surrey, and for amending the said Acts.

[17th March 1807.]

Jorifdidion extended to $L

Cap. v.

An Act to continue and amend Two Acts, passed in the Eighth and Tenth Yean of His present Majesty,

encoding the Road from Christophers Bridge, in the Borough of Thetford, in the County of Suffolk, to the i0G. 3. c. 6o. North East Eodef the Town of Newmarket, in the County of Cambridge, (b).

[17th At arch 1807.]

Cap. vi«

An Act for repairing and Improving the Road from the Honiton Turn Dike Road, near Yard Farm, in the Parish of Upottery, in the County of Devon, to the llmsnjler Turnpike Road, near the Village of Horton, in 4he Parish of Ihmnfter, in the County of Somerset. (a), [17th March 1807.]

Q*

*1$

No Sewer

V»c he.caster mane or conrtru6\^d in the said L'mirs, witKout Notice bring sent lo the Commissioner* ftf Sewn*.

31G. 3. c.ia3.

6 G. 3. c. 99. G. 3. c. 90.

46 G. 3. c. iv.

30 G. 3. c. 93. 37 G. 3. c. 180.

See former A A. 37 C. 3. €.5*,

C.vii — xiii. 47° GEORGII III. Sess. r. A.D. 1 So7.

Cap. vii.

An Act to enlarge the Powers and extend the Jurisdiction of the Commissioners of Sewers for the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Part of the County of Middlesex. [i/th March 1807 }

Recital of Stat. 3 1. c. 14. and 2 IV. M'. r. 8. §14. — Jurisdiction of the Commissioners extended

to all Sowers West of London, as far as a certain Watercourse which divides Chelsea from Fulham, and to the " Farishes of St. Giles in the Fields,S7. George Bloomsbury, St. Pancras, St. Mary de-Bone, St. John Hampstead, u Wilffen, Paddington, Kenftngion, and Chelsea. § I. — Commissioners empowered to widen, deepen, ana alter* the present Sewers, and to make new ones, &c. §2.

III. ' And Whereas great Evils have arisen, and considerable Expence hath been and is still likely to be occa*

fioned to the said Commission, by the improper Construction of new Sewers, to carry off the Water and Soil

from Lands and Buildings into the Sewers under the Management of the said Commissioners, and from bad and improper Materials being used therein, previously to the fame new Sewers being taken under the Management

of the said Commissioners, whereby the same are liable soon to fall into Decay, and become a Nuisance to the Inhabitants and other His Majesty's Subjects be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, previous to the making of any new Sewer in any Street, Lane, or publick Way, or in any Part intended to be or become a Street, Lane, or publick Way within the Limits of the said Commission, or which shall be intended to carry or drain off Water from any House, Building, Yard, or Ground, into any Sewer under the Management or within the Jurisdiction of the said Commission of Sewers, Notice in Writing shall be given to the Commissioners of Sewers for the Limits aforesaid for the Time being, or to the Clerk of the said Comtr.iflioners, at their Office; and that such new Sewer or Sewers shall be constructed and made in such Manner and Form, and with such Materials and Workmanship, under the Survey and Controul and according to the Direction of the said Com-nvflionera of Sewers, their Surveyor or other Person by them duly authorized, and not otherwise; or in Default thereof the said Commissioners, or any Six of them, may cause such Sewer to be prostrated, demolished, put down, corrected, amended, reformed, or rebuilt, as the Case may require, after their Wisdom and Discretion, and shall and may cause the Expence thereof to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so making or causing to be made such Sewer contrary to this Statute, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or any Six of them, or may otherwise punish such Offender or Offenders by Fines, Amerciaments, Pains, or other like Means as are provided by any of the Statutes of Sewers in case of Nonpayment of Taxes or Assessments, taxed or assessed under and by virtue of such Statutes, or any of them.

[Publick Act.]

§ 4.

Cap. viff.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the Thirty-second Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and improving the Road from the Town of Chapd-cn lc-Frith, to* or near to Enter dough Bridge, in the County of Derby, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the said County, and in the County Palatine of Chester.

[23d March 1807.]

Cap. ix.

An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, of the Sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Muckley Corner to IValfall and Wednesbury, and to Leigh Brook and Ocher Hill, and several other Roads in the County of Stafford, so far as the lame relate to the Two first Districts of Road therein comprized, (r).

[23d March 1807.]

Cap x.

An Act for enabling the Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Body of the Parish Church of Chertsey, in the County of Surrey, and for repairing the Tower thereof, and building a Vejlry Room near or adjoining to the said Church, to raisea further Sum of Money for completing the Purposes of the said Act.

[23d March 1807.I

Cap. xi.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirtieth and Thirty-seventh ears of His present Majesty, for making and repairing certain Roads in the County of Fife, and for making and keeping in Repair several other Roads in the said County.

[9th April 1807.]

Cap. xii.

An Act for further regulating and converting the Statute Labour in the County of Fife, and for more effectually making and repairing the Highways, Bridges, and Ferries, within the said. County.

[9th April 1807

Cap. xiii.

An Act for regulating and converting the Statute Labour, in the Counties of Ross and Cromarty, and that Part of the County of Nairn which is locally situated in the County of Ross $ and for more effectually making an 1 repairing the Roads and Bridges within the same; and for making and maintaining the great Post Road from the Coniines of Invcrncfsjhirt to the Confines of the Shire of Sutherland, ^}. [, 9th April 1807.]

Cap

A.D. 1807. 47" GEORGII III. Sess. 1.

C.xiv — xxvii

Cap. xiv.

An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His late 15 C. a. c. 3^ Majesty, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town of Birmingham and Hamlet of Detit end thereto adjoining, in the County of Warwick. ^th April 1807.]

u Jurisdiction extended to jk

Cap. xv.

An Act for enlarging the Church-yard belonging to the Paritti of Saint Martin* in the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and for providing an additional Cemetery or Burial Ground for the Use of the said Paritti.

[9th April 1807.]

Cap. xvi.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Act*, passed in the Fifth and 5 G. $. c. 5$-Fifteenth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Porthaethwy Ferry 15 G. 3- c. 69- to Holyhead\ in the County of Anghfey. (6). [gth April 1807.]

CAP. xvii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Paritti of Elf don, in the County of Northumberland. (q.P.) [9th April 1807.1

Cap. xviii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Paritti of Corfenftde, within the Manor of Ridfdak> in the County of Northumberland, (q. P.) [9th April 1807.]

Cap. xix.

An Act forindoiing Lands in the Paritti of Irjlcad, in the County of Nor foil, (q P.j [9th April 1807.]

Cap. xx.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Liberty or Township of Bcuford, in the Parish of Cheddleton, in the County of Stafford. (q. P.) [23d March 1807.]

Cap xxL

An Act for vesting in new Trustee* certain Trust Estates comprized in the Settlement made on the Marriage of the Right Honourable George Venables Lord Vernon, with Louisa Barbara Lady Vernon his late Wife. (q. P.)

[25th March 1807.]

Cap. xxii. —

An Act for amending, altering, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Town and Port of v Sandwich. in the County of Kent, to the respective Towns of aargate and Ramsgate, in the Isle of Thanetp in the said County; and for reducing, for a limited Time, the Tolls and Duties now payable at Sandwich Bridget by virtue of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eightn Year of His late Majesty.

[25th April 1807.] 28 G. 2. c. 55

Cap. xxiii.

An Act for repealing Two Acts made in the Eighth and Eleventh Years of His present Majesty, for repairing 8 G. 3. c. 50* several Roads leading through the County of Selkirk, and for the better making and repairing the said Roads,* G* 3- c. 6a» and other Roads in the said County. \bj.

[25 th April 1807.] RcPealed*

Cap. xxiv.

An Act for repealing Two Acts, made in the Fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of His present Majesty, for 4g. 3. c. repairing and widening the Road from Scots Dyke, in the County of Dumfries, by or through the Villages 25 G. 3. ?./19^ 01 Langholm and Hawick, to Haremofs, in the County of Roxburgh, and for the better making, repairing, Repealed, and keeping in Repair thw said Road, (<a; . [zjth April 1807.]

Cap. xxv.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Foxley Hatch, in the Parish of Croydon, into the Town of Rrigate, in the County of Surrey. (b).

[25th April 1807.]

Compensation made to Trustees of Sutton Roads under 28 G. 2. c. 28. 10 G. 3. c. 84, and 39

40 G. 3. #.cxii. §66.

Cap. xxvi.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Fifth 5 G. 3. C. lor. and Twenty.sixth \ears of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Little Bridge over the 16 G. 3.. 127* End of the Drain next Wisbeach River, lying between'opers Fields and the Bell Inn in IViJbeach, and the Isle of Ey, to the Sien of the Bear in Walfokcn, in the County of Norfolk, and several other Road9 in the said Acts mentioned, (r).

[25th April 1807.]

Cap.

n8 C. xxvii, xxviii

47° GEORGII III. Sess. i

S 6- 3- c.gl6 G. j. c. 136.

Grant of*King Edward 6, a6th June551*

Agreement 1 51W June 17821 between (he Ciry und the Hospitals.

ii G. 3. c. 77.

Chapel w from Time immemorial.

Former Chapel pulled down, and piefent rebuilt on a Scite a few Yard* did ant from the former* Doubts as to Validity of Mairiages.

After pretent Chapel shall be consecrated, Marriages shall he fokmniztd therein, according to the F rm of the Church, and the Provisions of 26 C 3. c. 35.

Chapel (h»'J be enir.l d t, all tve K'ghls, &c. o( the former Chapel.

Chaplain shall be annual y dc&ed and suppcited a* befjre.

A.D. 1807.

Cap. xxvii.

An Act for continuing the Terra, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Minehead, and from Dunjltr and JVatchet, in the County of Somerset, and for improving certain other Road* therein described, in the said County. (a).

[25th dtpril 1807.]

Cap. xxviii.

An Act for granting to the Chapel lately rebuilt in the Royal Hospital of Bridewell, all the Rights and Privilege* belonging to the former Chapel of the said Hospital, lately taken down* [25th April 1807.]

WHEREAS by certain Letters patent bearing Date at Westminster, the Twenty-sixth Day of June, in

W the Seventh Year of the Reign of King Edward the Sixth, and in the Year of our Lord One thousand five hundred and fifty-two, the said King did give and grant unto the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, and their Successors, (among other Things) all that his Manor, Chief Messuage, Tene*

ment, and Mansion House, called Bridewell otherwise Bridewell Place, with all and singular its Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, situate, lying, and being in the Parish of Saint Bride, Fleet St/ ret, in London,

upon the special charitable Trulls in the said Letters Patent mentioned and set forth: And Whereas by virtue / of the Laws, Ordinances, and Regulations, made and now in force, concerning the said Hospital of Bridewell, 9 and of certain Articles of Agreement bearing Date the Fifteenth Day of June One thousand seven hundred9 and eighty-two, and made or expressed to be made between the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, Governors of the Possessions, Revenues and Goods of fwith other Hospitals therein mentioned) the said Hospital called Bridewell, and the President, Treasurer, and acting Governors of the fame Hospital 5 and of an Act made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, 9An Act to render valid and effectual certain Articles of Agreement between the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizen*9of tie City of London, Governor* of the Possessons, Revenues, and-Goods of we Hospitals of Edward King cf England the Sixth, of Christ, Bridewell, and Saint Thomas the Afojlle, and of the Hospitals of Henry the Eighth, King of England, called The House of the Poor, in West Smithfield, near London, and of the House and Hofntal9called Bethlehem, and the Preftdents, Treasurers, and acting Governors of the said several Hospitals, the actual Government, Ordering, Management, and Disposition of the said Hospital of Bridewell, and of the Estates, Possessions, Revenues, ttufiness, and Concerns thereof, were committed and confirmed to, and are now veiled in and executed by certain Persons styled The President, Treasurer, and Governors of the United Hospitals 49 of Brtdevtell and Bethlehemconsistingaf the Mayor and Aldermen of the said City for the Time being, and of Twelve of the Common Counciimen of the said City for the Time being, appointed such Governors by the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London in Common Council assembled, and of several other Persons elected such Governors at General Courts or Committees holden for the said Hospitals of Bridewell and Bethlehem, according to the Rules and Orders in that Behalf; And Whereas there hath been within the said Hospital of Bridewell, from Time immemorial, a Chapel for the Spiritual Use and Edification of the several Persons inhabiting within the said Hospital of Bridewell and the Precinct thereof, called Bridewell Precinct, in which Chapel the Service of the Church of England, as by Law established, hath been regularly performed, the Sacraments of such Church duly administered, and Marriages solemnized by a Minister of the said Church s And Whereat the said Chapel, on account of its decayed State, hath been lately taken down, and another Chapel built within the Distance of a few Yards from the Scite of the former Chapel: And Whereas in consequence of the present Chapel having been so erected upon a Scite of Ground in some Degree different« from that occupied by the former Chapel, Doubts have arisen whether Marriages, solemnized therein, would be valid and legalfor the Removal of which Doubts, be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That when and as soon as the said Chapel, so lately built in the said Hospital of Bridewell, shall be duly confeerated, according to the Ufaee of the United Church of England and Ireland, it shall and may be lawful, to and for the officiating Minister for the Time being in the said Chapel, to publish Banns of Matrimony therein, and to felemntze Marriages therein, according to the Form of Solemnization of Matrimony contained in the Book of Common Prayer of the Church of England and Ireland, and not otherwise; and in purniance of the Provisions and Directions of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better preventing of clandefiint Marriages, and all Marriage* so solemnized in the said Chapel, shall be as good, valid, and effectual in the Law, as if such Marriages had been solemnized in the antient Chapel, so taken down as aforesaid, and a Register of of eve^ such Marriage, ora Copy thereof, shall be received in all Courts of Law and Equity, as Evidence of such Marriage in such and the like Manner, as i*te Register of any Marriage, solemnized in any Parish Church it received in Evidence.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Chapel so lately rebuilt. Hi all have and be entitled to all and Singular the Rights, Privileges, and Immunities, possessed by the ancient Chapel, so taken down of the said Hospital of L'ri-ewell, and the Precinct thereof, in as full, ample and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Purposts; and such new Chapel shall be maintained, repaired, and supported in such and the like Manner as the said aucient Chapel, lately taken down, was maintained, repaired, and supported.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the President, Treasurer, and Governors for the Time being of the United Hospitals 01 Bridewell and Bethlehem, annually to elect an officiating Chaplain for the said Chapel, and to provide for the Support of such Chaplain at their owu Discretion out of the

Funds

A.D. 1807. 47° GEORGII III. Sess.r. C. xxviii, xxix. 119

Funds and Revenues of the said Hospital of Bridewell in such and the like Manner as the said President,

Treasurer, and Governors were enabled to elc& an officiating Chaplain of the said ancient Chapel so taken G^vtroors down, and to provide for the Support of such Chaplain: And the said Present, Treasurer, and Governors for r, h't* wltH*"1* the Time beiner, shall have, hold^xercife, and enjoy such and the like Rights, Powers, Privileges, and Immu- cfp«Ullhe nities, and (Kail be subject and liable to the fike Ru'es, Regulations, and Restrictions with respect to such Chapel p*t(i n, \ to the so lately built, as the said President, Treasurer, and Governors had held, exercised, and enjoyed, and were subject ancient Chapel, and liable to, with respect to such ancient Chapel so taken down.

Cap. xxix.

An Act to amend and render more effectual Three Acts, made in the Eleventh, Fifteenth, and Thirty-seventh Yrariof His present Majesty, for the Regulation and Improvement of the Fisheries of the River Tweed.

[25th April 1^07.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An 11 G. 3. c. 7VV AS for regulating and improving the Fisheries irt the River Tweed, and the Rivers and Streams running into tbs fame, and also within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River, certain Provisiona and Regulations were estabiimed for the Preservation and Improvement of the said Fisheries: And Whereas another Act was made9in die Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending and rendering more G. 3. «, 46.

1 efedual an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for regulating and u improving the Fisheries in the River Tweed, and the Risers and Streams running into the fame, and also within the n Mouth or Entrance of the said River And Whereas another Act was made in the Thirty-seventh Year of '

the Reign of His present Majesty intituled, An Act for altering, amending, and rendering more efedual Two 3- G. 3. c. 4?.

4 ASt made in the Eleventh and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Regulation and

Improvement of the Fisherits in the River Tweed, and the Rivers and Streams running into the fame, and also within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River: And Whereas it has been found by Experience that the

Pan ties for killing Fish within the Periods prohibited by the said Acts of the Eleventh ana Fifteenth Years 1 of His present Majesty, have, from the increased Price of Fish, become totally inadequate to the Purpose { intended; and it is therefore expedient that the Amount of the Penalties should te encreased: And Whereas

it is expedient more effectually to detest and prevent all unlawful Modes of fishing and taking Fish in the said

Rivers and Streams, to appoint Water Bailiff*, and to grant a Rate or Assessmenfc upon the Rent of the said 1 Fisheries for their Payment, and to make further Regulations for the Protest*c>n and Improvement of the said

Fisheries'Be it therefor^ etiarted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from ar d ifter the passing of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to j?0 persons kail* fishfor any Silmon, G'lie, Salmon Trout, Bull Trout, or Whaling, or any Fish denominated Red Fish in any between

antient Grants of F lbiikg, in the said River Tweed, or ir* any River, Rivulet, Brook, or Stream, or in any Mill iothOdobct and Pool, Yill Lead, Sluice, or Cut, which communicates with the said River Tweed, or within the Mouth or , orh January, Entrance of the said River Tweed\ at any Time or Times between the Tenth Day of Odder, in any Year, and Tcn^on'saturd-i the Tenth Day of January, in the Year following, or between Ten of the Clock on Saturday Night and Two N^ia'and xwo of the Clock on Monday Morning, nor shall it be lawful, at any Time or Times after the passing of this Act, on*M ncUy for any Person or Persons excepting as herein after excepted, to fish for any Salmon, Gibe, Salmon Trout, Bull Morning, nor Trout, Whitling, or Red Fish, within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River Tweed; and in case any Person J" tl'c Mouu\ or Persons shall fish contrary to the Prohibitions aforesaid, every such Person or Persons so offending, shall, for vef*

every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Thirty Pounds, nor less than Ten Pounds, at the ^oi. to lQ^ Discretion of the Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Sheriff Depute, before whom such Offender or Offenders Mbe convicted, and the Sum of Ten Shillings for every Salmon. Giffe, Salmon Trout, Bull Trout, Whitling, or Red Fish taken, together with the Fish so taken, and the Boats, Tackle, Nets, Engines, and other Devices male use of in fi filing far any such Fish; and the said Justice or Justices, or Sheriff Depute, shall order and d r d such Boats, Tackle, Nets, Engines, and other Devices lo be cut in Piecesr burnt, or otherwise diliroytd.

II. And be it enacted, That no Person or Persons shall buy or fell, or have in his or their Custody or Possession x<> Person shall any Salmon, Gilfe, Salmon Trout, Bull Trout, or V. hiding, knowing the same to have been killed or taken in OH or knowingly the said River Tweed, or in any River, Rivulet, Brook, or Stream, or in any Mill Pool, Mill Lead, Sluice, or P Fish

Cut, winch communicates with the said River Tweed, whithin the Periods of the Annual or Weekly Close Qi^xime Timci beforementior.ed, or within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River; and every Person offending in any xtna)fy of the Cases aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, nor less, than Five Pounds, for 10L to 5l. every such Salmon, Gilfe, Salmon Trout, Bull Trout, or Whitling as aforesaid

III. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, r.o Person or Persons shall place, lay, -po prevent rba ft, continue, or draw, any Net, Creel, Hamper, Engine, or other Device whatsoever, in the said River Dcrtruflion of Iwtd, or in any River, Rivulet, Brook or Stream, or in any Mill Pool, Mill Lead, Sluice or Cut, which the Spawn communicates with the said River Tweed, or within the Mouth or Entrance thereof, in order to kill or take , fFfy-

any Spawn, Fry, or young Brood, of any such Fish as aforesaid, nor purchase or have in his, her, or their ^j1 Pufliflion, any such Spawu, Fry, or young Brood, between the First Day of April, and the First Day of 3 June in any Year; and in case any Person or Persons shall act contraly thereto, every such Person or Persons tail forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Thirty Poundt, and not less than Ten Pounds, for every' Parcel of Spawn, Fry, or Young Brood of Fish, caught by him, her, or them, or which, though not caught by him,

I*r, or them, shall be found in his, her, or their PoflelLon, between the said First Day of Apr if, and the said Fid Day of June.

ISO

To prevent

fceatKig the W.<tcr, and making illegal Obltiunions to the Run of Fish. Penalty 30l. to rot

Persons having 'Fish in their Possession in CIofeTime, to prove, if required, that they were not caught in the Tweed.

Warrant* to be granted, to search the Carta, &c. of Carrier*! See.

'Tmr the Prevention of illegal Pra£lice», .*c.

'Boats, Nets, Sec. to be removed in the annual Ciofc Time by the Occupier-

of Fifiu ues.

C'.xx'x. 47° GEORGII III. Sess. A.D. 1807.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Person or Persons thall beat the Water, or place or set any white Object, or any other Thing whatsoever, in, over, or acrofg the said River Tweed, or in over, or across any River, Rivulet, Brook or Stream, Mill Pool, Mill Lead, Sluice or Cut, which communicates with the said River Tweed, or in the Mouth or Entrance of the said River Tweed, so as to prevent the said Fish from entering the said River Tweed, or from going up and down the said Kiver, or any River, Rivulet, Brook, Stream, Mill Pool, Mill Lead, Sluice or Cut aforesaid, nor shall by any other Ways, or in any other Manner, prevent the said Fish from entering the said River, and going up and dowo the said Rivers and Waters before described; and every Person offending contrary thereto, shall, for every Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Thirty Pounds, nor less than Ten Pounds.

V. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person or Persons within Five Miles of the said River Tweed, or of any River, Rivulet, Brook or Stream, Mill Pool, Mill Lead, Sluice, or Cut, communicating with the said River Tweed, shall have in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, any

Salnjon, GiKe, Salmon Trout, Bull Trout, or Whitling, at any Time or Times, between the said Tenth Day of October, and Tenth Day of January, the Proof that such Salmon, Gilfe, Salmon Trout, Bull Trout, or Whitling, was not taken or killed in the said River Tweed, or in any River, Rivulet, Brook, or Stream, or in any Mill Pool, Mill Lead, Sluice or Cut, which communicates with the said River Tweed, between the said Tenth Day of October, and Tenth Day of January, shall lie upon the Person or Persons in whose Custody or Possession the same shall be found.

VI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any such Justice or Justices, or Sheriff Depute as aforesaid, at any Time or Times after the passing of this Act, upon Information in Writing upon Oath to him or them made, and he or they is and are hereby required to authorize and direct, by Warrant under his and their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, in England, or his or their Hand or Hands in Scotland, any High or Petty Constable, or other Peace Officer, or Water Bailiff or Water Bailiffs, to be appointed under the Authority of this Act, and any Number of Persons, not exceeding Five, to be severally named and described in such Warrant, to search the Carts, or other Vesseles of Carriers and iliglera, for all Salmon, Gilfe, Salmon Trout, Bull Trout* and Whitling, or Spawn, Fry, or young Brood of Fish, caught contrary to the Provisions of thii or any of the above recited Acts, and the fame, on Discovery, to seize and carry away.

VII 1 And for - the further Prevention of illegal Practices committed by idle and disorderly Persons, in and ' upon the aforesaid Fiflteries, and of the Sale of the Fish taken and caught by Means thereof, ' be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, upon Complaint, and Information in Writing, upon Oath, made

to any One or more Justice or Justices, or Sheriff Depute as aforesaid, that the Informant hath probable Cause to suspect and believe, and doth suspect and believe, that any Person or Persons within the Jurisdiction of the said Justice or Justices, or Sheriff, before whom the Information is laid, not being Owners or Occupiers of any Fiftiery or Fisheries , or otherwise entitled to fish in the said River Tweed, or within the Mouth or Entrance thereof, or on the Shore beyond the Mouth or Entrance of the fame, or in the Rivers or Streams running into the fame, ) hath or have in his or their Possession or Custody any Salmon, Gilfe, Salmon Trout, Bull Trout, or Whitling, which have been illegally taken or caught contrary to the Prnvision* of this or any former Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for any such Justice or Justices, and Sheriff Dppute as aforesaid, and he and they is and are hereby required to authorize and direct, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals in England, or his or their Hand or Hands in Scotland, any High or Petty Constable, or other Peace Officer, or Water Bailiff or Water Bailiffs, to be appointed under the Authority of this Act, to examine and search the Packages, Baskets or Hampers of any such Person or Persons, at any Place or Places where they may be found, or at the Market where the same are exposed or offered for Sale; and if upon such Search any Salmon, Gilfe, Salmon Trout, Bull Trout, or Whitling, dial} be found, it shall and may be lawful to and for such High or Petty Constable, or Person or Persons authorized as aforesaid, to seize the fame, and the Packages, Baskets, or Hampers in which they shall be found, and to put and place the fame i 1 iome secure Place or Places for the safe Custody thereof; and to bring the Body or Bodie. of the Person or Persons in whose Custody the same shall be found before the said Justice or Justices, or Sheriff Depute respectively, to answer and account for the fame: and the Proof that the Fish (so found upon Search as aforesaid) were taken by any Person or Persons legally entitled to fish for th fame shall lie upon the said Person or Persons in whose Custody or Possession the lame shall be found, and if he, she, or they ball fail to make good the fame, to the Satisfaction of the said Justice or Justices, or Sheriff Depute, before whom he, she, or they shall be brought, such Person or Persons shall, on Conviction, severally forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor less than Ten Pounds, at the Discretion of the said Justice or Justices, or Sheriff Depute, before whom the Conviction shall be had, and also the Fish so taken, and the Packages, Ba/kets or Hampers, that contain the same.

VIII. And be it enacted, That all and every Occupier and Occupiers of any Fiftiery or Fisheries in the said River Tweed, or in the Rivers and Streams running into the fame, and of Fitlieries, being Property, in the Mouth or Entrance of the said River, ft.all, and they and each and every of them is and are hereby required 'to remove and carry away from their several Fiftungs, Filling Shields, Boat Stands, Net Greens, Landing Places, and the Lands and Grounds adjoining thereto, aft Boats, Oars, Nets, Engines, and other TackK Uiol and employed by them in the taking and killing f*ich Fish as afo' 'fa d, on or before the Thirteenth Day of October in every Year, to be named by the Commissionera or Ovecfeers hereby appointed, to fume Place or Places where the fame can be securely lodged and kept so as t; prevent their being used in flftiing, and thereto remain until the Seventh -'ay of January, in the following Year; and in case any such Occupier or Occupiers toall refuse or neglect to remove all and every such Boats. O irs. Nets, Engines, and other Tackle as aforesaid, »na the fame, so removed, to keep secured from the said Fisheries and Premises at the Time aforesaid, every such

e

A.D. 1807. 47° GEORGII III. Sess.r. C. xxix. 12

such Person or Persons so rcfuf: ng or neglecting, on being convicted thereof before any one or more such Justice or Justices, or Sheriff Depute as aforesaid, shall, for ever)' such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Thirty Pounds, nor Ids than Ten Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any such Justice or Justices, or Sheriff Depute as if not removed

aforesaid, upon Application to him or them made in Writing, under the Hands of any Two or more of the by them, t be

Proprietors or Occupiers of Fisheries in the said River 7'<wccd, and he and they is and are hereby directed and »e-novedby required to authorize and direct, by Warrant under his and their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals in England, Justuts>c* and under his and their Hand or Hands in Scotland, any High or Petty Couiiable, or other Peace Officer, or

Water Bailiff or Water Bailiffs to be appointed under the Authority of this Act, and any Number of Persona not exceeding Five to be severally named and described in the Warrant, to search between the Thirteenth Day of October, and the Seventh Day of January, in every Year all and every the Fishery and Fisheries, Fishing Shields, Boat Stands, Net Greens, Landing Places, and the Lands and Grounds adjoining thereto, and all such Boats, Oars, Nets, Engines, and other Tackle, a they shall find upon such Search, to remove and cany away to some Place or Places, where the fame can be securely lodged and kept, till the Seventh Day of January, in the following Year, at the Expence of the said Owner or Owners; and if the Owner or Owners thereof shall be known or found, to bring him, her, or them, or the Person or Persons in whose Custody the same shall be found, before the saki Justice or Justices, or Sheriff Depute respectively, to answer and account for the fame; and every such Owner or Owners, Person or Persons, respectively, upon due Proof thereof, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Thirty Pounds, nor less than Ten rounds, over and ab^ve the Expences of such Proceeding; and if the Owner or Owners thereof, or Person or Persons who placed, occupied, or used the fame, cannot be found, then the said Constable, Peace Officer, Water Bailiff or Water bailiffs, and Persons authorized as aforesaid, shall cause public Notice to be given on the Church or Chapel Door of the Parish, Township, or Place where the same shall be foil td, and if the same shall not be owned within Ei ht Day3 thereafter, the same shall be carried before the said Justice or Justices, or Sheriff Depute, who directed the Search for the fame; and the said Justice or Justices, or Sheriff Depute, respectively. Oval' proceed to condemn the fame, on Proof that no Person or Persons had laid Claim thereto, and may and shall ordei all Inch Boats,

Oars, Engines, and other Tackle to be burnt, cut in Pieces, or otherwise deflroved; and if in pnrfirtnce of such Search, such High or Petty ConlDble, or oth-r Peace Officer, and such Persons so appointed as aforesaid, lh.ll find the Door of any Fishery, Shield or Out-house locked up, and upon Requell the Occupier shall retule to open the fame, it shall he lawful for the said Peace Officer, and other Persons aforesaid, to break open the said Door and Tearch for all such Boats, Oars, Nets, Engines, and other Tackle as aforesaid, and if found, to cifpose of the fame in Manner herein-before (fireded.

X. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful to, nor in the Power of the said Justice or Justices, or Mitigation of Sheriff Depute, before whom any Conviction, with regard to the Weekly Close Time, shall be made, to Penalties mitigate the Penalties herein contained, in relation thereto, to a less Sum than the highest Rate, unless the rcttra, nccJ*

Offence shall have been committed within Halt an Hour after Ten of the Clock on Saturday Night, or after One of the Clock on Alonday Morning, in which Case the Penalty maybe mitigated as herein-before directed.

XI. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, all Mill Dams, Dikes, Wears, and other 'por f

permanent Obstructions to the Run of the Fish in the said River 1'weed, or any River or Rivulet, Brook or Mill

Stream, running into the fame, shall be so altered and conllructed as to permit and allow of the free Run of , &c.

the Fish over them in the ordinary and mean State of such Rivers or Rivulets, Brooks or Streams, and in

cale the Proprietors or Occupiers of such Mill Dams, Dikes, Wears, and Obstructions, shall neglect so to

alter and them, it shall and may be lawful to the Commissioners, or Overseers, herein after mentioned, or any Three or more of them, to fend a Requisition in Writing to the Proprietors and Occupiers of the fame, so to alter them within Fourteen Days after such Requisition shall be made, and in Default thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners and Overseers, or any Three or more of them, to order and direct such Alteration to be made at the Expence of the Proprietors of the fame, such Expence to be levied'and recovered in the same Manner as is herein after directed, with relped. to the levying and recovering of Penalties and Forfeitures.

XII. And be it enacted, That if in the Use of Pout Nets used for the taking of Trout, the Person or Fish taken In

Persons using the same shall take any Salmon, Gilfe, Salmon Trout, Bull Trout, or Whitling, he, she, or they Nct* to, : C shall re (lore the same to the Proprietor or Occupier of the Fishery, upon Pain of forfeiting a Sum not exceeding 'pr^rnlrorC Ten Pounds, nor less than Five Pounds, for every Salmon, Gilfe, Salmon Trout, Bull Trout, or Whitling, oTthe

d.tained or appropriated by him. her, or them. F.Ihi. g.

Mil. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons not authorized by Licence or >7, Kefs Leave in Writing, under the Hand of any Owner or Owners, or Occupier or Occupiers, of any Fishery in the Lniic;, See. bd River Tweed, or in any River, Rivulet, Brook or Stream, running into the fame, to fish with, or use any 10 be uud, hr. Net or any Leilier, Salmon Spear, or similar Engine, and the Person or Persons convicted of offending herein wiih-Jiu Licence, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, nor less than Five Pounds, and the Justice or Justices, or Sheriff Depute, before whom such Person or Persons shall be convicted, shall order and direct such Nets, Leillers, or Salmon Spears, to he burnt, cut to Pieces, or otherwise deft roved.

XIV. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons within Five Miles of the said No Persons nor River Tweed, or of any River, Rivulet, Brook or Stream, iill Pool, Mill Lead, Sluice, or Cut, communicating a niio u.wi to w*tli the said River 7weedy not duly authorized by Licence or Leave in Writing, under the Hand of any Owner or Owner*, Occupier or Occupiers, of any Fishery in the said River 'leveed, or in any River, Rivulet, or ne»

Brook or Stream, running into the fame, to have in his, her, or their Pofle(non, except for the Purpose of under

iratiufiiCturing or felling the fame, or repairing the fame, for some Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of a Psnaay.

47 Geo. III. R Fisheries

122

C. xxix.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. i,

A.D. 1807.

Search Warrant* to be granted for these.

The Names of

Proprietors so be painted on Bouts.

Saving of Rights to M.*n» rs,

Scig lories, and Roya iie', vri \rn ti'e Mouth or Entrance f the River Tweed.

Former A<fli continued, except as altered.

Persons

aggrit ved by the Ait of any Justice, nuy ap, cal to the Quarter SciBons.

fl\o(e

so 'gPV. lit \ j y 'hr riff lej ur-; iny >pcd to the urds of

Fisheries in the said River TW, or some River, Rivulet, Brook or Stream, running into the fame, any of the Nets or Engines Uerein-before mentioned; and the Person or Persons convicted of offending herein, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor less than Ten Pounds: And the said Justice or Justices, or She iff Depute, before whom such Person or I ersons shall be convicted, shall order and direct such Nets or Engines to be burnt, cut in Pieces, or otherwise destroyed.

XV. And be it enacted, That it lh: »ll be lawful for any such Justice or Justice6, or Sheriff Depute as aforesaid, upon Information in Writing, upon Oath to him or them made, and he and they is and are hereby required to authorize and direct, by Warrant, under his and their Hand and Seal, or Hands a id Seals in England, or his or their Hand or Hands in Scotland any High or Petty Constable or other Peace Ofiv er, or Water Bailiff or Water Bailiffs, to be appointed under the Authority of this Act, or other Person or Persons not exceeding Five, to he specially named and described in the Warrant, to search in the Day Time the Houses of Persons not duly authorized to use or have in their Possession any of the Nets or Engines herein-before mentioned, and the fame on Discovery to seize and carry away.

XVI. And be it enacted, 'That all and every Boat or Boats hereafter to be used in the FiftierFs aforesaid, shall have, upon some conspicuous Place thereof the Name of the Proprietor or Proprietors painted thereon, in Letters of Two Indies in Length, upon Failure wherein the Proprietor of every such Boat shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, nor less than Five Pounds.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall in any wise prejudice or affect the Right of the Owners or Proprietors, Tenants or Occupiers of Fisheries, or the Right of any other Person or Persons who now are, or at any Time or Times hereafter shall or may be leifed, possessed of, or entitled to, any Manors, Seigniories, or Royalties, within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River Tweed, or upon the Shores beyond the Limits of the Mouth or Entrance of the fame, but that all and every such Owners and Proprietors, Tenants or Occupiers and other Person or Persons last mentioned shall have and enjoy all such Right of fishing, within the said Mouth or Entrance of the said River Tweed, or upon the Shores beyond the Limits of the fame, as they have hitherto lawfully exercised and enjoyed, or could or might have lawfully enjoyed, in case this Act had not been made, so as such Right be used and exercised at such Times and Seasons only, under such Regulations, and subject to such Penalties and Forfeitures as are herein-before directed concerning the Fisheries in the said River Tweedy and within the Mouth or Entrance thereof, and the Shores beyond the fame; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary in auywise notwithstanding.

" Commisltoners and Overseers of the Fishings appointed and empowered to levy Rates to pay Expences of the " Execution of this Act. §18 — 31.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That all the Clauses, Powers, and Authorities, Exceptions, Limitations, Forms of Conviction and Certificate thereof (mat at is mutandis) Matters and Things in the said Three recited Acts, or in any of them contained, and not altered by this Act, shall be deemed and taken to extend, and shall extend to this Act, as fully and cfTedlually as if the fame were here again repeated and re-enacted.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Judgment of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, given in virtue of any of the Powers granted by this Act, or by any of the said recited Acts, may appeal to the Justices of the Peace for the County, Shire, Liberty, or Place, where such Judgment shall be given, at their then next General Quarter Sessions, but no such Appeal shall be received, heard, or determined, unless the Appellant or Appellants shall fxril give, or cause to be given, Fourteen Days Notice in Writing, to the Justice 01 justices from whose Judgment, S. -; en e, or Determination, he, she, or they shall appeal, of his, her, or their'Intention to bring such Appeal, and shall also enter into a Recognizance With Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order of such Justice or Justices; and the said Justices at their said Sen.ons, upon due Proof of such Notice having been given, and of such Recognizance having been entered into as aforesaid, shall hear and determine every such Appeal in a summary Way, and shall award and order to the Party, for whom and in whose Behalf such Appeal shall be determined, such Costs and Charges as they in their Discretion shall think rensonable and just, to be paid by the Party or Parties against whom inch Appeal shall be determined, and in case such Colts and Charge* shall not be paid within the Space of Six Days, the fame shall a.jd may be levied by Distius and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons ordered to pay the same; and if the Person or Persons ordered to pay such Colls shall happen to remove, or go into any County, Shire, Liberty, or Place, rat vt the Jurisdiction of the said Comt where such Appeal shall be brought or heard, it shall and may be lawful for any Julliceof the Peace of or for the County, Shire, Liberty, or Place, wherein such Person shall innahft or be found, and every such Justice of the Peace is hereby required, upon Requell to him for teat Fttrpose to be made, and a true Copy of the Order for the Payment of such Costs and Charges produce l, and proved by some creuible Witness upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to r.dinieifter), by Wan ant indue Form of Law, to cause the Money mentioned in such Order to be levied by Dilb' rs and Sale of me Goods and Chattels of the Pc fonthat shall be ordered and ought to pay the same; a 1 me Di-termination of the said Justices at such Quarter Session shall be binding and conduitve to all In-ents and Purposes whatsoever; and no Proceeding to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against th's Act, orury Order made, or other Matter or Thing to be done or transacted in or relating to the Execution of this Act, fdl be vacated or quaftied for want of Form, or be remov 'd by Certiorari, or any other Wnt o Process whati. r: And that all and every Person and Persons who shall think himself, herself, or themselv % aggrieved by any Judgment of any Sheriff Depute, given in virtue of any of the Powers granted by this Act, or by any of the said recited Acts, may appeal to the Lords of Justiciary in the next Circuit Court of the Circuit wherein such County or Shire shall lie, in the Way, Manner, and Form, and under and upon the Limitations and Conditions

9 prescribed

C. xxlx

123

s

referibed by and contained in an Act of Parliament passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His late Ljfty, for taking away and abolishing the Heritable Jurisdictions in that Part of Great Britain called Scot! nd, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That the Penalties or Forfeitures for Offences against this Act, the Mode of Recovery whereof is not by this Act other./ife particularly provided, mi5v be levied and recovered by Di ft refs and Sab of the Offenders Goods and Chattels, before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, within that Part of Great Britain called England, the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or the Bounds and Liberties thereof, or before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Sheriff Depute, with-n that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the County, Shire, Liberty, or Place, where the Offender or Offenders fiidll be or retide, either by the Confession of the Party or Parties, or upon the Oath or Oaths of One or more JVitness or Witnesses, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices in that Pail of Great Britain called England^ the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or the Bounds and Liberties thereof, or by Warrant or Wariants in due Form of Law of such jjftiee or Justices, and Sheriff Depute, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, (ail which Warrants such Justice, Justices, and Sheriff Depute, are hereby authorized and required to grant, and to administer such Oath or Oaths, ) and the Penalties and Forfeitures which shall be so levied and paid shall from Time to Time be applied, One Moictv to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety to the Overseers of the Poor of the P.uilh, Township, or Place, where the Offender or Offenders shall be or reside, for the Use of the Poor of the said Parish, Township, or Place; and in calc the Proportion of the Penalties di.efted to be paid or applied to such Overseers shall not be claimed in Six Months from the Date of the Conviction or Convictions, the Whole shall be applied to the Informer or Informers; and the Justice or Justices, or Sheriff Depute, by or before whom any Conviction shall be made, shall direct his or their Clerk or Clerks within Twenty-one Days after the Date of the Conviction, to intimate the same to the Overseers of the Poor of such Parish, Township, or Place, as may be entitled to a Proportion of the Penalties as aforesaid, and the Overplus remaining (if any) after such Penalties and Forfeitures, and the Costs and Charges attending the levying and recovering thereof are deducted shall, on Demand, be returned to the Owner or Owners of the Goods and Chattels so distrained; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid in Fourteen Days after such Distress, that then it shall be lawful for such Justice, Justices, and Sheriff Depute, and he and they is and are hereby respectively authorized and empowered to commit ever)' such Offender or Offenders to the common GaolorHouse of Correction for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months or less than Three Calendar Months, as the said Mice or Justices and Sheriff Depute upon Consideration of the Circumstances shall think fit.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Action at Law shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Perfms for any Thing done or to be done by virtue of this Act within that Part of Great Britain called England, the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, or the Bounds and Liberties thereof, until after Fourteen Days Notice thereof in Writing shall be given to the Person or Persons against whom such Action shall be ii.tended to be so brought, or left at his or their last or usual Places of Abode, letting forth the Cause of such Action; and that every Action brought for any Thing done or to be done as aforesaid shall be brought within the Space of Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall arise, and be laid and tried in the County or Pla<*e where the Fast was committed, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants therein may pi ad the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done by virtue hereof; and if on the Trial of such Action it shall appear that the fame was brought before the Expiration of Fourteen Days next after such Notice shall have been so giv-n or left as aforesaid, or after the End of Six Calendar Months next after the Cause thereof shall have arfen, or if such Action shall be brought or laid in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, or after la flic lent Tender of Amends shall have been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, that then and in any of the Cab5 aforesaid the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants therein; and in all Cases where a Verdict shall he found for the Defendant or Defendants in such Action, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall difeontiouc the fame after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or <hr.il be r.oriluited, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or PI'intiffs, the Defendant or Defendants in such Action shall have Treble Costs, and have the like Remedies for recovering the same as Defendants have for recovering their Colts In other Cases by Law.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That every Action or Profcciuion for any Offence or Offences against this Act in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be, by Wly of funvnary Petition or Complaint, to Gne or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, or to the Sheriff Depute for the County where such Offence or Offences shall he committed, who are hereby authorized to hear and determine the same.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Action shall be brought against any Pe rfon or Persons for any Thug done, or to be done, by virtue of this Act, or by virtue of the ta; d former Acts, made; n the Eleventh, Fifteenth, and Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, within that Port ot Great Britain called cot land, mJefi such Action shall be commenced within the Space of Six Calendar Months next .after the Cause of Complaint shall nave arisen f and in all such Actionsthe Defendant or Defendants, if absolved or affoilzied from the Action, shall have and be entitled to full Costs of Suit,

[Public Act.]

f 37.

Justicinv, in the nf*t vJiicuit Colli f.

Recovery and .Appltr uion of (*e i.iliies and Forfeitures.

If the Proportion of Penalties, directed to be paid t»the Poor, be not demanded in Six Months, the WmsIc to tiic Informer.

Limitations of Avit» ns ag.iiiUt Persons execuins this Act in England-

Treble Costs to Defendants.

Mode of Pioce d ng in

A dmas htuwihit in Scotland.

Limitation of ns, under thi, or luimcf \<fts, in

ScotUnd.

II 3

Cap. xxx.

Cj

i24 C. xxx, xxxi. 47° GEORGII III. Sess. i; A.D. 1807.

170. 3. c. 46.

it's may be mil 'tilted in the Name of thelieafuter.

ThivAfl shall'r?of incorporate

the Society, i r dm harge them from

ResponfiLiiity.

Society may iniol Memorial of A ffur.mces in n*ie N ime of (tic >23artics theieio.

Cap. xxx.

An Act to enable The Globe Insurance Company to Cue in the Name of their Treasurer, and to inrol Annuities.

[25th April 1807.]

XHHEREA3 several Persons have formed themselves into a Society or PartnerPnip, under the Name of 2'be Globe Insurance Company, and have subscribed very considerable Sams, in order to carry on the Business of insuring Houses, and other Property, fr^m Lots or Damage by Fire; to effect Insuranccson Lives, and to grant and purchase Annuities: And Whereas the Public hath been greatly benefited by the Formation of such Society or Partnership, with a competent Capital to carry on the fame, and a considerable

Revenue is derived to His Majesty therefrom: And Whereas Difficulties have arisen, and may from Time to Time arise, as well in recovering Debts, which may grow* due to the said Society or Partnership, called The Globe Insurance Company, as in prosecuting Persons who may Real or embezzle the Property of, or who may comrr; t, or be guilty of any other Offence against, or with Intent to injure or defraud the said So icty or Part-

nership; as by Law all the several Subscribers or Proprietors to and in such Society or Partnership mull, in c* such Cases, sue and prosecuteby their several and distmdt Names and Descriptions: And whereas an Act was r passed in the Seventeenth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, ^in Act for registering the Grants of Life Annuities, and for the better Protection of Infants against such Gants; whereby it was and is required, that a 4 Memorial of every InRrument granting any such Annuity or Rent Charge as is therein mentioned, Ihoultl,

within the Time therein mentioned, be inrolled in the High Court of Chancery; and that such Memorial 'shoulxl, among ether Particulars, contain the Names of all the Parties, and for whom any of them were Trustees: And Whereas the said Society or Partnership, by reason of the Number of Persons who are or may be intereRed therein, is unable to comply with the Requisitions of the said Act in the laR-mentioned Respect,

and is prevented thereby from rendering the Contracts of the said Society or Partnership for the Purchase or Sale of Annuities effectual and valid; Wherefore, for the more eafdy carrying into Locution the several 4'Undertakings herein-before mentioned, and for removing the Difficulties aforesaid, may it please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and w: tlt the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Actions and Suits to be commenced or inllituted by or on 15 half of the said Society or Partnership agaiivft any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic or Corponte, shall or lawfully may be commenced or inilituted and prosecuted in the Name or Names of the Treasurer or Treasurer* for the Time being of the said Society or Partnership, as the n minal Plaintiff or Plaintiffs for and on Behalf of the said Society or Partnership; and that all Prosecutions to be brought or instituted by or on Behalf of the said Society or Partnership for Fraud upon or against, or for Embezzlement, Robbery of or Healing the Property of the said Society or Partnership, or for any other Offence committed against, or with Intent to injure or defraud the said Society or Partnership, shall or lawfully may be so brought or inilituted, and carried on, in the Name or Names of the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being of the said Society or Partnership; and in all Indictments and Informations it shall be lawful to Hate the Property of the said Society or Partnership to be the Property of the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being of the said Society or Partnership; and r>w Offence committed with Intent to injure or defraud the said Society or Partnership shall and lawfully ma) in such Prosecution be laid to have been committed with Intent to injure or defraud the said Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being of the said Society or Partnership; and any Offender or Offenders may thereupon be lawfully convicted of any such Offence, and the Death, Resignation or Removal, or other Act of such Treasurer or Treasurers, shall not abate any such Action, Suit, or Prosecution.

II. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be deemed, construed, or taken to extend, to incorporate the said Society or Partnership; or to relieve or discharge the said Society or Partnership, or any of the Members thereof, or Subscribers thereto respectively, from any Responsibiiity, Contra&a, Duties, or Obligations whatsoever, which by Law they may now, or at any Time hereafter, be subject or liable to, either as between such Society or Partnership and others, or between the, or any of the, individual Members of such Society or Partnership and others, or among themselves, or in any other Manner whatsoever.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Society or Partnership to inrol, in the High Court of Chancer)*, a Memorial of every Deed, Bond, Instrument, or other Assuranc', whereby any Annuity or Rent Charge shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be granted to or by the said Society or Partnership, for One or more Life or Lives, or for any Term of Years, or greater Ellate determinable on One or more Life or Lives, in the Names of the Parties to such Deed, Bond, Instrument, or other AIRuance; and such Inrohnent shall (all other Requisites of the said recited Act being duly complied with, ) be as good and effectual to all Intents and Purposes as if the Names of all the Persons for whom such Parties respectively, or any or either of them, shall be Trustees or a Trullee, were or was Rated therein, any Law, Statute, or CuRom to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Public Act.]

$ 4.

Cap. xxxi.

An Act to enable The Albion Fire and Life Insurance Company to file in the Name of their Secretary, and to inroll Annuities, [zjth -'/W/ 1*107.]

[See Chap. xXx. of this Sefcn.)

Cap. xxxii'

125

A.D. 1807» 470 GEORGII III. Sell", i. G.xxxii — xl.

Cap. xxxii.

An Act to enable The London Life Association to sue in the Name of their President, and to enroll Annuities

[25 th April 1807.]

[Sc* Chap. xxx. of this Sejfsn.

Cap. xxxxiii.

An Act to enable The Pelican Life Insurance Company to sue in the Name of their Secretary, and to inroll Annuities.

[25th April 1807.]

[5Vf Chap. xxx. of this Session.

Cap. xxxiv.

An Act to enable The Provident Inf itution to sue in the Name of their managing Director, and to inroll Annuities.

[25th April 1807.]

Chap. xxx. of this Sejfwni]

Cap. xxxv.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Port of Sandwich, and the ViUs of Ram [gate and Sarrt and the Parishes of Minster, Saint Lawrence, Stonar, Monkton, and Saint Nicholas, in the Isle of Thanet; IVaimer t /!Jh next Sandwichy Eafryt Wingham, Staple, Glodneflanc next U'ingham, C/iiUcndctit Nonnington, Woodnesborough otherwise Win/borowy Eythorney Word otherwise Worth, Eimflont % Preston next lVingham, Ickham, Wickhambreuxy Walderjharcy Barfreflon, Shephe rdf well otherwise Si llrrtfwould, H'ymenftvcttlJ, Barham, Patrixbourn. Bishopbourn, Bealjboum, Litticbourn, Stodmarsh, and Stounnnuth, in the County of AVa/. |^2jth 1807.]

Cap. xxxvi.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parishes of Hales Owen, Rowley Regts % Harbourne, West Bromwich, Tiptonf and the Mauor of Bradley, in the Counties of Wurcester, Salop, and Stafford.

[25th 1807.]

xxxvii.

An Act to alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Fifteenth Year of His present Mahfly, for the J5 G. 3* «4* more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Hundred of Elloe, in the County of Lincoln, and for extending the Jurisdiction of the Court conllituted by the said Act to the Parishes of Surfleet and Gosberton,;

in the Hundred of Kirton, in the said County. [[25th April i8o; .J

[Jurisdiction extended to 51.}

Cap. xxxviii.

An Act for altering and enlarging so much of the Powers of several Acts, made in the Second, Third, Fourth,G. 3. c. «i. Fifth, Eleventh, Fourteenth, and Thirtieth Years of His present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, lighting, and 3 3*

watching the Streets and other Places within the City and Liberty of Westminster and Parts adjacent, as*CQ^relate to the Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint George Bloomsbury, in the County of Alidalefex, and u G. 3. c. 12. to certain Places called Holborn above the Bars, and Middle Row, in Hollorn, in the said County, and for the 14 G 3. c. 90. better Regulation of the Nightly Watch of the said Parishes.

[15th April 1807.] 3^ G. 3. c. 53.]

Cap. xxxix.

An Act for inclosing and draining certain Lands in the Parirti of Martham, in the County of Norfolk.

[25th April 1807.]

LIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully and maliciously cut, damage, Pumlhmmt for break down, demolish, or dcllroy any Bank, Mill, Engine, Dam, Flood-gate. Bridge, Dike, Sluice, or Tunnel Felon

already made, or which shall at any Time hereafter be made or erected, supported, maintained, or used for the Purposes of this Act, every Person lo offending, and being convicted thereof, shall be deemed guilty of Felony 5 and the Court before which such Person shall be tried and convicted shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person or Persons to be punished in like Manner aa Felons are directed to be punished by the Laws and Statutes of this K ealm; or, in Mitigation of such Punishment, such Court may, if they think fit, award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petit Larceny,

Cap. xl.

An Act for enabling certain Persons therein named to carry into Execution a Partition lately made under

Decree of His Majesty's High Court of Chancery, of the Moyfer Estate, in the County of York, and the County of the City of Torky on the Part of the Reverend Richard Gee, Robert Whyte Esquire, and 'ihomas Meitaife Esquire. (q. P.) fzjth April 1807.]

Cap. xli.

*26 C.xli — xliii. 47" GEORGII III. EclT.i. A.D. 1807.

Cap. xli.

An Act for inclosing Lancia In the Township of Crosby, in the Parishes of Frodingham and FUxborough in the County of Lincoln. (q. P.) [2 5th pril 1807.]

Allotments of Land to be made in Compensation for all Tythes in the Township of Crosby (except such antient Inclosures therein as may be in the Parish of West Halton, §11 — 16.)

Cap. xlii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Mere, in the County of Wilts* (q. P.) [25 tli s!pril 1807.]

Cap. xliii.

An Act for inclosing and draining Lands within the Parishes of Repps with Bajlw'icl and Ecclet next the in the County of Norfolk.

[2 thpril 1 ^07.]

unishment for

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully and maliciously cut, WorkTIrion damage, break down, demolish, or destroy any Bank, Mill, Engine, Dam, Floodgate, Bridge, Sluice, or Tunnel witiliu Clcrgyf already made, or which shall at any Time hereafter be made or crested, supported, maintained, orufedfor answering any of the Purposes of this Act, every Person so offending, and being convicted, shall be guilty of Felony, and the Court before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried and convicted shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person or Persons to be transported for Seven Years, or in Mitigation of such Puniflw saent may award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petit Larceny.

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno Regni GEORGII III..Britanniarum Regis, Quadragesimo septimo.

Sell 2.

A Tthe t>arl*ament begun anc^ holden at Westminster, the Twenty-second Day of June, Anno Domini 1807, < in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of

* God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith: Being the

First Session of the Fourth Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland,

CAP. L

An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eight, several Acts for granting certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into and exported from Ireland.

[7th july 1807.]

u Ricital of G 3. e 18. imposing Duties of Customs; and 46 G» 3. c. 6l. impelling Duties of Customs on n Iron, Sugar, and Tea, and of the continuing Acts 46 G. 3. c. 12. and c. 12: Duties and Drawbacks

" under recited Acts further continued to y.h July 1808. (Except Drawbacksand B: > mieson Sugar, provided " for by 47 G. 3. SeJ. 1. c. ig.) — Rel ations in said recited Acts continued to said 5th July 1808. — M Provided that Articles entitled to Bounty shall not be liable to Duty. §1. — Duties shall be carried to the '* Itish Consolidated Fund. §2, — Acts may be altered or repealed this Session. §3.

[6'<re Chap. 16. of this

CAP. II.

An Act to revive and continue, until the Expiration of Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, Three Acts, passed in the ^hirty-seventh, Forty-dfth, and Forty -fix th Years of His Majesty's Reign, for carrying into Execution the Treaty ol Amity, Commerce* and Navigation, between His Majesty and the United States of America \ and for empowering His Majesty to suspend, before the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, the Provisions of the said Acts, for such Period as His Majesty may deem expedient.

[17th July 1807.]

u The Act 37 G. 3. c. 97. (as continued by 45 G. 3. c. 35. & 46 C. 3. c. 16)revived and continued. § it — u His Majesty empowered to suspend the Provisions of the recited Acts by Order iu Couixd, §2.

CAP. III.

An Act to indemnify Persons who have advised or acted under an Order of Council for making Regulations with respect to the Navigation and Commerce between His Majesty's Subjects and the Subjects of the United States of America.

[17th July 1807.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of His prefen*

1* Execution the Treaty of Aniitv. Commerce, and Navigation. concl

Majesty's Reign, for carrying into 37G.j.c'^7> Execution the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, concluded between His Majell) and the 45 G. 3, c. 35, 1 United States of America; which Act was revived and continued by Two Acts passed in the Forty-fifth and G* 3*6.

' Krty.futh Years of His present Majesty's Reign; which last mentioned Act expired on the First Day of June

One

4

OrHfr m

C'ouncii»Mnys79

1807.

Entjics of Ships, and oilrrMuicis done under tccited Ordeifj c'ecUicd valid,

and P.-« Cons nulciiinified.

46 G. 3. C. 69.

Repealed; To far as rtlates to Kilmainham Mospital.

Commissioners of Kilmainhara Hospital shall have the fame Towers at the

C. 3-J. 47° GEORGII III. Sess. a, A.D. t.807.

One thousand eight hundred and seven r Am! Wherenc an Cider in Council was made on the Twenty-seventh Pay of Moy Cue thousand eight hundred and seven, directing that all the Regulations contained in the said 1 Acts fiuutld be dulyobserved until other Provisions should be made respecting the Matters aforesaid be it therefore enacted by the King's ir.ofl Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Entries of Ships and Payments of Duties, and every Matter and Thing which has been done under the Authority of the said Order, and conformable with the Regulations contained in the said Acts, frail be deemed and taken to be good in Law, in the same Manner as if the said Acts had continued to be in full force and effect; and all Persons who advised His Majesty to make such Order, or who have acted in carrying the fame into Execution, are hereby fully indemnified for the fam^.

CAP. IV.

An Act to enable Plis Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Major General Sir John Stuart Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath, in Consideration of the eminent Services which he has rendered to Plis Majesty and the Publick. [r 7th July' 1807.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS Your Majesty, by Your Most Gracious Message to Your faithful Commons, hath been pleased to signify Your Desire of conferring a signni Mark of Your Favour and Approbation on Major General Sirjohti Stuart Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath, in conseqtience of the eminent 1 Services rendered by him in the brilliant and decisive Victory obtained by the Troops under his Command r against a superior French Force upon the Plains of Mnida on the Fourth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and six, and the Valour and Skill displayed by him on that Occasion, and that, for that Purpose, an 1 Annuity of One thousand Pounds should be granted to the said Sir John Stuart during the Term of his: natural Life: ' Now, &c,

: f His Majesty empowered to grant to Sir John Stuart for Life an Annuity of ioocJL to commence from July 4, ibo 6, out of the British Consolidated Fund. § j, — Annuity shall be paid at the Exchequer without Fees. §3. 4 — and shall not be subject to any Tax. §3.

CAP. V.

An Act for empowering the Commissioners of Kilmainham Hospital to make Rules and Regulations for the Payment of Pensions to Soldiers on the Establishment of that Hospital.

[17th July 1807.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

1. An Act for making better Provision for Soldiers, whereby all Pensions, Allowances, and Relief, granted c or to be granted to disabled, invalid, or discharged Soldiers, were placed under the Management of the Commissioners, for the Time being, of Chelsea Hospital, and Power was given to the said Commissioners, or

any Three or more of them, for the Time being, to make such Orders, Rules, and Regulations, and from Time to Time, to alter the fame, in relation to the Payment of any Pensions, Allowances, or Relief to any

Soldiers entitled thereto, and also as to any Certificates, Vouchers, Receipts, or Orders, for the better regulating, managing, and making such Payments, and to require such Proofs and Affidavits relating thereto as might or may be requisite for the ordering and securing the Payment of such Pensions, Allowances, and

Relief, cither at Chelsea or Kilmainham Hospitals, or in any other Place where the same shall be payable to the Persons entitled thereto, as the Case may be, with Provision that every such Order or Regulation might from Time to Time be revoked or altered by any Warrant, Order, or Inflrudlion, under His Majesty's Royal Sign ' Manual; and it is expedient that so much of the said Act as places the Pensions payable to Persons entitled r to or receiving any Pensions or Allowances from Kilmainham Hospital, under the Controul of the Commissioners of Chelsea Hospital, and also so much of the said Act as empowers the said Commissioners of Chelsea Hospital to make any Rules and Regulations as to such Persons, should be repealed: And Whereas it is expedient that the Commissioners of Kilmainham Hospital should have the fame Power of making Rules, Orders, and Regulations with respect to the Payment of all such Pensions as shall be payable to Persons entitled to and

receiving Pensions from Kilmainham Hospital, as is by the said recited Act given to the Commissioners of Chelsea Hospital be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Cnn-sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said recited Act as gives any Power, Authority, or Controul whatever to the Commissioners of Chelsea Hospital, over or in relation to any Pension or Allowance payable to any Person entitled to or receiving Pension or Allowance from Ai/mflinLj/n Hospital, or as to any Matter or Thing relating thereto, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enaacd, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Commissioners of Kilmainham Hospital or any Three or more of them, shall have the like Powers, Management, Controul, and Direction, and all such Powers and Authorities to make Orders, Rules, and Regulations, and from Time to Time to alter the fame, in relation to any Persons entitled to or receiving any Pension or Allowance, or Relief, from K'nmainhm Hospital, and as to the Payment of any Pensions, Allowances, or Relief granted or to be granted to disabled, invalid,

or

1

j

A.D. 1807. 47° GEORGII III. C. 5 — 8. 129

or Jifctarged Soldiers on the Establish merit of Kilmairljtr.n Ilofpitab and to do all other Acli for the Letter ngukting, managing, and making such Payment-, and to require Proofs and Affidavits relating thereto, and subjrft to the like Prcvifocs as by the said red*- d Act are vested in the said Commissionters oi liofpiiul,

with respect to the Pensions, Allowances, and Relief therein fyccilied; md t.Ii such Ivules, Regulati >ns, and Acts, MaUere, and Things, made or done by them in respect to any such Payment, or to any inch Penikui; , Allmvam vs, or Relief before the passing of this Act, {Vul be a; good, val'd, and effectr.al as if all such Powers a*, d Authoiiri.s Lai been given to the Commissioners of Kilmainham Hospital l>y the said recited Act.

CrnmhTionerf of cull*

with

i'cfjr il to Pci.ftoM, &-c-

CAP. VI.

An Act for raising the Sum of Three Millions by Lours or Exchequer Pills, for the Service of Great Britain for the ear One thousand eight hundred and seven.

[17th Julj 1807.!

4i Treasury empowered to raise 3, 000, coo/, by Loans and Exchequer Bills, as under Malt Ad, 47 G. 3. ft. j. u c. 3. $ l, 2. — Interest 3l. per Centum per Annum, from 5th April 1807, §3. — Exchequer B.!s lo issued " shall not be received again in Payment of any Taxes; nor exchanged before the Expiration of Six Month* u from the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, §4. — The laid Bills Pull be repaid oat of the Supplies " in the next Selhon, §5. — 1 he said Bills, if not duly paid off, shall bear an Interest of 3 per Cent. §6. — 11 When the 3 per Cent. Consols. shall be 80l. per Cent, or more, the said Bills shall become payable, Sic, f 7'. 4i Bank of England authorised to advance 3, 000, 000l. on the Credit of this Act, § S.

46 G. 3. c. 41, for a similar A3.]

CAP. VIL

An Act for raising the Sum of One Million five hundred thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven.

[17th July 1807.]

" Treasury empowered to raise 1, 500, 000l. by Loans and Exchequer Bills, asunder Malt Ad, (47 G. 3. ft.!.

" c. 3.) §1, a. — Interest 3d d. per Cent, per Diem. §3. — Said Bills not to be received again 111 Payment of any u Taxes; nor exchanged before April 5, 1808, §4. — Said Bills to be repaid out of the First Supplies in next 44 ScSion, §5. — Bank of England authorized to advance 1, 500, 000l. on the Credit of this Act, §6.

CAP. VIII.

An Act concerning Common Recoveries fuflered in Copyhold or CuiTomary Courts by Attorney.

[17th 1807.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Persons who can now suffer Common Recoveries of Copyhold or

1 Y Cullomary Tenements in Person but not by Attorney, should be enabled to suffer the fame by

Attorney as well as in Person May it therefore pleaseYour Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Acts'ice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

ard Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and Persons may

may be lawful for every Person not being under Coverture, and for every Feme Covert, (such Feme Covert appoint

being solely and fccrcdy examined by the Lord or Lords, L?dycr Ladies of the Manor or Manors whereof the Attornies, &<?.

Copyhold or Customary Tenements, a Common Recovery or Common Recoveries of which is or are proposed

to be fullered, shall be holden, or by his, her, or their Steward or Steward, or by the Deputy or oi whicU

Deputirs of such Steward or Stewards, ) to appoint any Person or Persons to be his, her, or their Attorney or Common

Auomies for the Purpose of surrendering the Copyhold or Customaiy Tenements n Common Recovery or Recoveries arc

Common Recoveries of which shall be proposed to be fullered, to the Use c f any Person or Persons, to make Attended to

him or them Tenant or Tenants to the Plaint; and also to appoint any other Person or Persons to appear for ^c'

th*Person or Persons so appointing as Vouchee or Vouchees, and to enter into the usual Warranty, and to do

all other lawful and necessary Acts for the fuftering and perfecting of such Common Recovery or Common

Recoveries respectively, and to diredh the Demandant or Demandants in such Common Recoveries respectively to surrender the Tenements to recovered, when or after such Recovery or Recoveries shall be suffered and

perfected, to such Uses as shall be declared in the Instrument by which such Attorney or Attornies shall he

rdpvctiwly appointed; and that the Surrender and Surrenders, and Common Recovery and Common

Recoveries which shall he had, acknowledged, and suffered as aforesaid, shall have the like Effect but no other,

as such Surrender and Surrenders and Common Recovery and Common Recoveries would have had if the

Party or Parties who shall acknowledge such Surrender or Surrenders, and suffer such Common Recovery or

Common Recoveries by Attorney, and give such Directions as aforesaid, had appeared in Court in his, her, or

their Person or respective Persons, and acknowledged the said Surrender or Surrender?, and fullered the

km? Recovery or Recoveries, and had joined in the Surrender or Surrenders to b: made by such Demandant

r Demandants.

47 Geo. III. S

' GAP-

C. 9.

470 GEORGII III. £efif2.

A.D. 1807.

CAP. IX.

An Act for jr anting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

Trpufury mny

fell t-0, ^00, Ticket* to he

drawn m O^.c or !ti.»rc Lotteries, for such Su: m, an.*l ftihjn.tl to such Rv filiations as shall be thought expedient.

(Nflirer ro give Senility for the lWftn -v paid into «t.c flunlt f<»r such JLwliciics.

Treasury empowered to apply the Money paid into the Exchequer by the Cashier. Treasury t<»

i »nir» the Money fieccflT.uy towards P«ynic»u of the I'or lunate Tickets, and One thitd of the Surplus shall be applied to the Services of Ire l and.

A Sum not exceeding tcP for every Ticket shall he divided into Prizes, and paidur of the Supplies granted this Seiko 11.

Mjnaycit and

Dirtcfnrs 1 f the I*'Meric* shall be appointed by the Treasury,

[251I17^1807.]

"VWL> Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great

'*Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray Your Mnjc fly's publick Enpences have freely resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty a Sum of Money to he raised by Lett wis, in the Manner herein after directed; Your faithful Commons do therefore mo ft humbly beseech Your Mueily that it may be emcEd; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by a eel wit it the Advice and Confer* t or tlu Lords spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this p eient Parliament anembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it 1 nail and may be lawful for the Lords Commissioners id Hk> Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any Three or move of them, ami they are hereby authomed to* f'b and disposcvof, to any Person or Perkur, P dies Politick or Corporate, any Number of Tickets, not exceeding in the Whole One hundred thousand, in One or more Lottery or Lotteries, at and for such Price or Suo of Muncy for mach TiOict, as the said Lord". Commissioners or any Three or more of them shall think tit; a A under and fwfcjedt to inch Stipulations ami Regulations, as to the Payment of the Sums contracted to be given for the Tickets in inch Lottery or Lotterie and as to lnllalments, and Time of Payment thereof, and my Advance thereon, and any Allowance or Ducount for prompt Payment, and as to any Forfeitures of Penalties for Nonpayment of any such Sums of Money or lnllalments, and also as to the whole Number cf ri ickcts, and the Nun her ard Value of the Foitu.iate Tickets in such Lottery or Lotteries respectively, and also a: , to the Sum or Sur.13 of Money to be allowed to the Owner of any First or Lall drawn Ticket on any or either of the Days of Drawing of any or either of lech Lotteries, or any other beneficial Chance therewith, and as to the Days, and Times, and Pace for the Drawing of such Lottery or Lotteries respectivcIy, as the said Lords Commissioners, or any Three or more or them, shall think proper and expedient; and all such Regulations, Stipula-t'or.s, Forfeitures and Penalties, shall be valid r.nd efRcuml, and be obeyed, acted upon, and enforced, in hke b anner, in every respect as if they had been inserted and nacted in the Body of this Act; And that all the Monies to arise by the Sale of such Lottery Tickets shall be paid unto the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, who flial), if required, give Security to the Satisfaction of any Three or more of the said Lords Commissioneri, for duly answering and paying into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in Great Britain, all the Monies which he or they shall receive from Time to Time, in retpeft of any or either of such Lotteries, or of any.-Tickets therein, and for accounting duly for the farre, and for the faithful Performance of the Trull in him or them reposed; and /kail, from Time to Time pay all such Monies withiu Five Days after the Receipt thereof, into the Exchequer, and account for the fame there in due Course, deducting only thereout such Sum or Sums, ae shall be otherwise paid by him or themi in pursuance of this A <3, or of any such Regulations as aforesaid and which shall be allowed in his or their Accounts.

II. And be it further euacled, That it shall be lawful for Three or more of the said Lords Commissioners rf the Treasury to illueand apply from Time to Time all such Sums of Money as shall be so paid into the said Receipt of His Majestys Exchequer, by the said Cashier or Calibers as aforesaid, to such Services for Great Britain as shall then have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland\ in thin present Session of Parliament.

II I.'Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Lords Commissionert of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, out of the Money that shall arise by the Sale of the said Lottery Tickets, to retain such Proport ion thereof as may be necessary to be paid to the Holders of the Fortunate Pickets in the said Lotteries, and to pay into the Bank of England, to the Account of Ireland, from Time to Time, any Sums of Money not exceeding One-third* Part of the Surplus of the Money that shall arise from such Lotteries, to be applied under the Order of the Commissioners of the Treasury of Ireland or any Thrre or more of them, to such Services for Ireland as shall then have been voted by the Commons of the U.vkcd Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in the present Session of Parliament.

IV. And be it further enacted, That such Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole Ten Pounds for every Ticket to be contained in the said Lottery or Lotteries, as shall be fixed upon for the Purpose, by the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury in Great Britain, or any Three or more of them, shall he distributed in Prizes or Benefits, to be drawn in the said Lottery or Lotteries, or allotted to the Owner or Owners of any First or Last drawn Ticket or Tickets, on any particular Day or Days, in such Proportions and in such Manner, as the said Lords Commissioners, or any Three or more of them shall direct; and the same shall be charged upon and be paid and payable out of all or any of the Aids or Supplies granted in the present Session of Parliament for Great Britain; and the said Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury or any Three or mo<e of them, are hereby required and authorized, by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands, to cause such Sum or Sums of Money to be iffned and paid out of the said Aids or Supplies, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England^ to be by them billributed and paid to and amongst the respective Proprietors of the fevered Fortunate or Benefit Tickets within Two Months after the Concluflon of the Drawing" of such Lottery or Lotteries respectively, or as soon as Certificates can be made out for the Sums due In respect of the fame, in the Manner herein after directed.

V. And, for establishing a proper Method for drawing the said Lottery or Lotteries, be it further enacted, That such Persons as the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in Great i'riiain, or any Three or more of them, shall nominate and appoint, shall be Managers and Directors lor preparing and delkeri.ig out Tickets, and to oversee the Drawing of Lots, and to order, do, and perform. Inch other Matters and Things relating to such Lottery or Lotteries as may be necessary in that Behalf; and that such Managers and

Directors

A.D. 1807.

470 GEORGII III. Sess. 2.

C. 9. 131

Directors shall meet together, from Time to Time, at some publick Office or Place, for the Execution of the

Powers and TrulU in them reposed; and that the said Manager and Directors, or so many of them as shall be Method of the

present at any such Meeting, or the major Part of them, shall, for the said Lottery or Lotteries respectivvly, Lottery Books.

rause Books to be prepared, in which every Leaf shall be divided or distinguished into Three Columns; and,

upon the innermofl of the said Three Columns, there shall be printed, for each of the said Lotteries, such

Number of Tickets a9 shall have been farced upon for the fame, to be numbered One, Two, Three, and so

onwards, in arithmetical Progression, where the common Excels is to be One, until they rife to the Number so

fixed upon; and upon the middle Column in every of the said Books shall be printed the like Number of Tickets,

of the fame Breadth and Form, and numbered in like Manner; and in the extreme Column of the fame Books

there shall be printed a Third Rank or Series of Tickets of the fame Number with those of the other Two

Columns; which 'pickets shall fevorally be of an oblong Figure, and in the said Books shall be joined with

oblique Lines, Flourishes, or Devices, in such Manner as the said Managers and Directors, or the major Part

of them, shall think most safe and convenient; and that every Ticket in the Third or extreme Column of the said Books dull have written or printed thereupon, (beiides the Number of such Ticket), Words or Figures to

the following Effect. '

' FIRST, SECOND, THIRD, or FOURTH] LOTTERY, [as the Case may fc] XT0^=

L for the Year 1*07. IN

THE BEARER of this Ticket will be entitled to such Benefit as shall belong thereto in the said Lottery,

' to be drawn in pursuance of the Act past'ed in the Forty-seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign/

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Managers and Directors, or so many of them as shall be present Manager* A

at any such Meeting, or the major Part of them so present, shall carefully examine all the f.iid Books, with the examine ihc Tickets therein, and take Care that the fame be contrived, numbered, and made, according to the true Intent won ti.e

nd Meaning of this Act; and shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, the fame Book?, and every or any of ro

them, as they shall be examined, to the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of the OMfcim <*f England) taking from such Cashier or Cashiers an Acknowledgement in Writing, under his or their Hand or the B> k., amnj Hands, importing his or their Receipt of such Bunk or Books, and so many Tickets therein as shall be delivered n so*

to him or them respectively, so that the said Cashier or Cashiers may be charged to answer for such Bum of bourne.

Money for every One of the Tickets in the extreme Columns, which shall be delivered to him or them, as the same shall have been fold for, or for so many of them as he or they shall not deliver back to the said Managers and Directors; -md such Cashier or Cashiers is and are hereby directed and required, upon his or their Receipt of every or any entire Sum of Money, in full Payment for any Ticket or Tickets, from any Person or Persons contributing or adventuring in any such Lottery, from Time to Time to cut out of the said Book or Books, fotobe put into his or their Custody, through the said oblique Lines, Flourishes, or Devices, indentwise, in the said extreme Columns, such Ticket or Tickets as shall be necessary to be delivered to the several PersonB entitled thereto; which Tickets the said Cashier or Cashiers flull sign with his or their own Name or Names; and he or they shall permit the respective Person or Persons so entitled, if it be desired, to write his or her Name or Mark on the corresponding Tickets in the fame Book or Books 5 and at the same Time the said Cashier or Cashiers shall deliver to such Person or Persons the Ticket or Tickets so cut off, which he, she, or they are to keep and use for the better ascertaining and securing the Inti rest which he, she, or they, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, shall or may have in the Drawing of the said Lottery.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Cashier or Cashiers shall Fourteen Days before the Com- Ctdiiers to mencement of each of the said Lotteries, re-deliver to the said Managers and Directors, at their said Office or return ri.? Book* Place of Meeting, all the said Books, and therein all the Tickets which the said Cashier or Cashiers shall not wuh the five cui out of the lame, and delivered to the Person: , entitled thereto, and shall then and there also deliver to the Managers and Directors a true and just Account in Writing, under his or their Hand or Hands, of all Sums of Money accrued or come to the Hands of such Call hr or Cashiers by or for the Tickets delivered, or to be delivered out, and how the fame, and how much thereof, f.\ if have been actually paid by iu: h Cashier or Cashiers, into the said Receipt of Exchequer, for the Purposes herein-mentioned; and that the said Managers and Directors, or the major Part of them, which shall be prefer.t as aforesaid, shall forthwith cauie all the Tickets of the said outernotk C-dtimns, which shall not have heel delivered (it any such be), to be delivered into the kid Rectipt of I Iis Maples Exchequer, there to be retained and L*pt a, Cush, to beiffiued, fold, and riilposed of, for raising Money for the Purposes in the Act mentioned, in such Manner 33 the said Lords Commissioners of f]h Map fly's Treasury, or any Three or norc of them, shall order and chicct.

VIII. And b it Amt her enacted, That t'; e laid Mirngers r.r.i Directors, or tb'major Part of then which Aril! p'-ifent at a Mi cling as afore .Slid, flirhl cauie all tin.' Tickets in the Ml Idle Columns, in the Book'* made

Tickets .old Amcunt of Money received and paid in.

Undifpof'd Tic kets te he

dcl vcr.d info ther LaCIk >jucr.

0 it v.ith Three Columns as aforesaid, which ih ill be delivered back to them by or iron the said Cail.ier or V'ih: '"s ?.s arVrcsaid, to be carefully rolled up, and inad.e 20th with T read or Siih; and the said Managers and b.wtxs, or tin? major Part of them as aioreidid, funlh i.i iU ', r Prcierice, and in : h*Pretence ot a:; y inch Cor.*.nbut.ers or Adventurers as may be there, cause rd! 1: 0 i 1 d T ickets which are to b' so nllc i up and made fit!, as aforesaid, to be cut oil indent wife, tlmrugh the f. c.i obbqu. Lines, Flonritlies, or IT? vices, into a Box to be prepar'd for that PurpM: , and to be marked until the i ftto.'g Box, and to be lock'd with Seven Jiffic nt Loch a <! Dire: tors, a id leak'd with their 3en: r», ortho Seals.

: n herein after mentioned 5 and that the Tickets in

Tickers of 'he

MifWik Columns ! lie

a 1 w! t. (icm a v 110 I'lrc.rl or t ilK; mid cur ntf Jj.dctifwife into a Bwx, m./rKtrd

*C. r /!}, whLII is prese tly to be put up into another 'v'In tl, c.an-\ Me; , s, to be kept by as many of the said Manager* jnv.Viirr*H ix

focn'? ol ti.em, until the said Tickets are to he drawn he iii \ o: inncrrnoli Column: oi the Lid B.mks shall ^rrmt \ still in the Books, for discovering any MRuke or Fraud, if any Ihuuid happen to be committed, c; m« t-cr to tlr? true Meaning of tins Act*

Si IX. And

t* nc K cKcd up .\r.il (c. kd.

C. <y.

47° GEORGII III.

Self.

2.

A.D. 18So-.

Book# t: > b*

V ' " f/VII/ liC U.VfCllt nt 'inv (VI f»*tinrr na »i -i* (UmU nll.i nr«n i»*r» /.» ., .J i\, ..1., /*_: J J OttCric$

i upon

printed tue INu nber ot Tickets ot each of such Lotteries respectively, and upon the ourer^of! of the said Two Columns tin*tv shall be printed a like Number of Tickets; J.mod , re*b<? v/Lich Li.ili he ofeq.nl Length a id Dread; h, as near as maybe; which Two Columns in the fail Hook l" fn*'l h<' joined by iome Flouvilh or Deice, through which the outermost Tickets may be cut off indent wife;

and th.it fee!i Nun.her oi Tickets as shall be fried ior the Purpose by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, v ruy Three of them, Pert of thoie to be contained i.i the outermo/l Columns of the Hook? last xTient. >iied, be, ami be called The Fomw-Uc 7/*A; T, to which benefits shall belong; at id the said Managers and Directors, or t lie major Part of then, or such of them as shall be present at the Meeting as aforesaid, shall cauio the Sum ot Money, which shall have been fixed upon for each of such Fortunate Tickets, to be written or printed thereupon, as well in Figures as i.i Words at Length: And the said Managers and Directors, or the >n: b°r who shall be pveftnt at a Meeting as aforesaid, shall cause a!i the said Tickets contained in

the outeimofl Columns ct the Lid laic mentioned Books to he, in the Presence of the said Managers and Directors, or the major Part of them which shall be present at a Meeting* as aforesaid, and in the Presence of such Contributors or Adventurers

Tif Nu Tiber aruf Value >»f

IK F.'icuvuc T: ck?(« r<» !>e

T: cken it rfcc

m.ie; mi*/}

Coin v.i s o* ri c

l ilt; 1K' j; i.'ih ci

L. !u m be »i k-»! , ('> .ir.fi lb. <!, i'.nd fit o.T i; »t; a j?4>x nun m <i u if h the JL.ncf (K; , &c.

Noli e to be give: ( t pulling

the Nickf-tb ii.to t|ic B^xcf.

N »t ice to be given uf the ©cawing.

Method to be t'bferved in Rawing, &c.

and fe.ded up with their Seals, or the Seals of some of them, until thcle Tickets shall also be drawn in the Manner and Form herein after mentioned; and that the whole Business of rolling up and cutting off, and pulling into the said Boxes the said Tickets and locking un and sealing the said Boxes, Hu ll be performed by the said Managers and Directors, or such of-them as aforesaid, befmv the lad Six Lavs immediately preceding the Pay appointed fur the Drawing of the Lottery to which the Tickets fluill reflectively belong: And to the End every Person concerned may be well a(Tured that the Counterpart of the fame Number with his or her Ticket is put into the Box marked with the Letter (yf), Bom vhence the lame may be drawn, and that ether Mallei4 are done as hereby directed, some public Notification in Print shall be given of the precise Time or Times vf putting the said "Pickets into the said Boxes, to the End that such Adventurers as may be minced to see the fame done, may be prefer.t at the doing thereof.

X. And be it further enacted, That on or before the respective Days that shall be appointed for the Commencement of the Drawing of each of the said Lotteries respectively, the said Managers and Directors shall cause the said several Poxes, with all the Tickets therein for the said Lotteries, to be brought into some convenient Hall or Place, within the City of London or V/cJlnunJler, whereof due Notice shall be published in tic London Gnxeitt Fourteen Days at lea/l before the Day appointed for the Commencement of such Drawing, so that the fame may be there, and placed on a Table provided for that Purpose, at such Hour of the Day as the said Managers and Directors shall fix and appoint; and shall then and there attend this Service, and cause the Two Boxes containing the said Tickets to be taken out of the other Two Boxes in which they shall have been locked Up; and the Tickets in the respective innermoti Boxes being, in the Presence of the said Managersand Lircdors, or such of them as shall be then present, and of such Adventurers as may be there for the Satisfaction of themK Ives, well shaken and mingled in each Box diilinttly, some One indifferent and ft Person, to be appointed and directed by the said Managers and Directors, or the major Part of them, or such of them as shall be then present, shall take out and draw One Ticket from the Box where the said numbered Tickets shall be put as aforesaid; and One other indifferent and fit Person, to be appointed and directed in like Manner, shall take out a Ticket from the Box where the Fortunate and Blank Tickets shall be promiscuously put as aforesaid; and immediately both the Tickets so drawn shall be opened, and the Number as well of the Fortunate as of the Blank Ticket shall be named aloud; and if the Ticket taken or drawn from the Box containing the Fortunate and Blank Ticket shall appear to be a Blank, then the numbered Ticket so drawn, with the said Blank at the same Time drawn, shall both be put upon One File; and if the Ticket lo drawn or taken from the Box, con-

entering the Numbers coming up with the said Fortunate Tickets, and the principal Sums when: unto they full be entitled respective.ly, and Two of the said Managers and Directors Audi set their Names as VvitnaTes to such Entries; and the said Fortunate and numbered Tickets so drawn together shall be p it upon another Pile; and f) the said drawing of the Tickets shall continue, by taking One Ticket at a Time out of each Box, and with opening, naming aloud, and filing the fame, and by entering the Fortunate Lots in the Manner afoivfaij, until the whole Number of Fortunate Tickets shall be completely drawn: And as the fame cannot be performed in O.ie Day's Time, the said Managers and Directors shall cause the Boxes to be locked up and sealed in Marnier aforesaid, and adjourn till the next Day of drawing of the said Lottery, a; : d so for each Day ot drawing of the Lottery; and the said Manager* and Directors shall and may regulate the Time of continuing to draw the Tickets, and lessen orincrease the Number of the Tickets, to be so drawn on each Day of Drawing, as they, or the major Part of them, shall in their Discretion think necessary, and shall proceed thereby for such Number ef Days as shall have been appointed by the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or any i hree or more of them, for that Purpose, till the whole Number of Fortunate Tickets shall be completely drawn as aroref.ikl, and afterwards the said numbered Tickets so drawn, with the Fortunate Tickets {Lawn against the fame, shall be and remain in a strong Box locked up as aforesaid, and under the Custody oi the Bud Managers and Directors, until they shall take than out to examine, adjust, and settle the Property thereof.

a I. A: 4

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2.

A.D. 187.

*33

XI. And be it enacted, That the said Managers and Directors shall on each Day of Drawing, as soon as Id'l rf die conveniently may be after the said Drawing is over, cause to be printed and published complete numerical Lids 1 c*ct' each of all the Tick, ts, as well Fortunate as Blank, which shall he drawn on each Day; and if any Contention or

Depute shall a rife in the adj idling the Property of the said Fortunate Tickets, it shall be wholly in the Judge-^meat of the major Part of the said Managers and Directors to determine to whom it doth or Ought to belong: ir pmrs \ a Aid if any Pcdon or Persons shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be (urged or counterfeited, or ! by the

willingly ad or assist in the forging or counterfeiting, any Ticket or Tickets, Certificate or Certificates, Order M1: 131 r*. or Orders, made forth by virtue of this present Act, or alter any Nmnber, Figure, or Word therein, or know-^. v ir7

ingly utter, vend, barter, or dispose of, any such false, altered, forged, or counterfeited Ticket or Tickets, T, c..t#,

Ccriitiate or Certificates, Order or Orders, or shall bring any such forged or counterfeited Ticket, Certificate &rt or Order, or any such Ticket, Certificate, or Order, the Number whereof, or any Figure or Word therein,

shall have been altered (knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited, or altered), to the said Managers and Binders, or any of them, or to ine Calmer or Cashiers, or Accountant Genual of the Bank of England for the Time bring, or to any other Person or Persons whatsoever, with a fraudulent Intention; or shall willingly lid, abet, afliit, hire, or command, any Person or Persons to commit any such Offence or Offences as aforesaid, then, and in every such Calc, all and every such Person or Persons being thereof convicted in due Form of Daw,

Hall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy: And the said Managers and directors, or any Two or more of them, are hereby authorized, required, and empowered, tuc?u(c any Person or Persons bringing or uttering such forged or counterfeited Ticket or Tickets, Certificate or Certificates, Order or Orders, as aforesaid, or aiding, abetting, afiilting, hiring, or commanding, any Person or Persons therein, to be apprehended, and to commit him, her, or them, to His Majesty's Gaol of Ecugiik, or to the Common Gaol of the County or Place where such Person or Persons shall be 10 apprehended, to be proceeded aga'nft for the said Felony according to Law.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons who shall commit any such Offence or Offenders (rut Offences as aforesaid, or be aiding, abetting, addling, hiring, cr c ommanding, any Person or Persons therein, fi.Jl a!inwards (being out of Prison) discover any One or more Person or Persons who already have or here- pe', 7jnViudty after fiiuii commit, or be aiding, abetting, or co: comed in, any such Offence or Offences as aforesaid, so as tf, , CCwe» such IVrlur. 0- Penons so di [covered be lawfully convicted of the in ne, such Discoverer shall have, and is hereby r.tulun, and jjh ei.titlid to, His M.ijeft) 's most gracious Pardon for inch his or her O.Fences i and moreoverihr.il be entitled to a Reward of Fifty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, for every such Offender so convicted, to be paid cut of the Monies anting by virtue of this A<fh or any other the Aids or Supplies granted in this Session of Li Ament for Great Britain or Ireland respectively, as the Case may be, immediately upon such Conviction, isawirfai k

[Proviso.]

Xf 11. Provided always, and it is hereby further emcled, That no Attainder for any of the Offences aforesaid fhr'l make or work any Corruption of Blood, Lois of Dower, or Difherilon of Heirs.

XIV. And be it further ei.adlod. That every Pc. On that shall be appointed as aforesaid to be a Manager and to

Director for putting this Act in Execution, before his acting in such Commission (except the administering the Oath immediately herein after mentioned shall take the Gath following; . that is to lay, )

' t A.B. as a Manager and Director of the Lotteries to be drawn under the Authority of an Act of Parlia- The Oath.

*rreut made in the Forty-fevcv.th Year of His Majesty's Reign, do swear, Tiut I will faithfully execute the

Trull reposed in me; and that I will not use any indirect Art or Means, or permit or direct any Person to use any im.iadt Art or Means, to obtain a Prize or Fortunate Lot in any of the said Lotteries, for myself, or any other Person whatsoever; and that I will do the utrnolt of my Endeavours to prevent any undue or limiter 1 Practice to be done by any Person whatsoever; and that will, to the bed of my Judgement, declare to'whom any Prize, Lot, or Ticket of Right does belong, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the

kal Act.'

Which said Oath shall and may be administered by any Two or more of tire other Managers and Directors.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Cashier or Cafiriers of the Governor and Ciftrcrm.iy

Company of the Bank of England, -to receive from the Adventurers, or their Executors, Administrators, Sue- Sum

ceflors, or Assigns, the Monies to be by them respectively paid on account of the said Lotteries or any Tickets 4*v* , c therein, either at One entire Payment, or in such Preportions, and by Inch lultahnents, as shall have been G i f -i nm-, fixed anti directed, by the said Lords Commissioner* of His Majesty's IVeafury, or any Three or more of them v Hi »n

ai aforesaid; and upon the Receipt of Part only of Inch Monies, the said Cmhier or Cashiers shall give a Nolo <'p Ilit* , llC or Receipt tinder his or their Hand or Hands, for the Sum or Sums received; and fna'l be obliged thereby, tJ

2nd by this Act, to give the Bearer of e very such Note or Receipt a'Picket or Tickets, of the extreme Column of the Three Columns Book or Books afon. laid, as soon as inch Person or Persons, his, her, or trieir Executon, Administrators, Succ^ (Tors, or Aiiigns, shall have paid and answered to the find Cufliieror Cashiers the Whole of his, her, or their Conf deration Money, to be paid in full for such Ticket or Tickets.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case an/ Adventurer, who Audi have advanced and paid down Contrih-jtorf

to such Cashier or Cashiers a Proportion of his, her, or their Consideration Money, towards the said Lotteiies, m>r making-or bi«, her, or their Executors, Admiuillrators, Successors, or AFigns, do not advance and pay unto Inch l*v: ', r

Cafi.ier or Cnfiiiers the remaining Part of his, her, or their C^onsideration Money, to be paid in lull for such u*c

Ticket or Tickets, on or before the Times appointed for paying thereof; then, and in e ery such Case, every Times limited Inch Adventurer shall forfeit and lose to FT is Majesty, for the LTfe of the Publick, the Proportion of his, her, fmfeii t'or

or their Purchase Money, which he, she, or they tinU have so paid clown us aforesaid towards the said Lotteries; D. poiu«: lad in such Case the Ticket and Ticket3, which should have been delivered to trfc Person or Person making Uld mt T-ckets

1' j Id be resumed iUU1

134- C. 9.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2.

A.D. 1807.

Tin fury may reward the Managers, &c.

'Fortunate 7 ickcts lo be exchanged for Cc: lifica'eu, and Manager* 10 give Noiice of the Time for exchanging the fame

Certificates to he numbered, &c.

such Default, had they paid the full Money for the fame, shall he returned or delivered to the said Managers and Directors, by the said Cashier or Cashiers, together with the other Tickets (if any), in the outermost Column of the Book or Books first herein mentioned and directed to be prepared, which shall not have been disposed of as aforesaid; and such Ticket and Tickets, upon and for which such Default of Payment shall have been made as aforesaid, shall be delivered into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, with other the said undisposed Tickets ^if any), there to be retained and kept asCafh, and to be issued, fold, and disposed of, for the Purposes and in the Manner herein before directed and appointed with respect to the said undisposed Tickets; and the Adventurer and Adventurers, making such Default, Avail not have or receive, or be entitled to have or receive, any Benefit or Advantage for or in respect of the Money which he, she, or they shall have paid for or towards the Purchase of such Ticket or Tickets.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That out of the Monies to arise by the Contributions to the said Lot-j teries, or out of any other the Aids or Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament for Great Britain. for the

they think, fit. Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven, it shall be lawful for any Three or more of the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to reward the said Managers and Directors, and the Clerks and Officers to be employed by and under them, and any other Officers and Persons that shall and may be any Ways employed in this Affair, for their Labour and Pains, and to discharge such incident Expences as shall necessarily attend the Execution of this Act, in such Manner as any Three or more of the said Lords Commissioners shall, from Time to Time, think fit and reasonable in that Behalf.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Fortunate or Benefit Tickets, in the said Lottery or Lottcnci respectively, shall be exchanged for Certificates, expressing and certifying the Sums of Money, to which the Proprietors thereof shall be entitled, within Two Months after the Conclusion of the Drawing of such Lottery or Lotteries respectively, or as soon afterwards as such Certificates can be prepared; and that such of the said Managers and Directors, as any Three or more of the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury shall appoint to take in the Fortunate or Benefit Tickets, and deliver out Certificates in lieu thereof, shall, as loon as may be, give Notice by Advertisement, to be printed and published in such Manner as they shall think fit, of the Days and Times appointed for taking in the said Fortunate or Benefit Tickets, and delivering out the said Certificates for and in lieu of the fame; and every Certificate shall be numbered in Course, according to the Time of bringing the Tickets to the Managers and Directors so to be appointed for exchanging the fame; to which Purpose Inch Managers and Directors shall enter, or cause to be entered, in a Book or Books to be by them kept for that Purpose, the Name of the Person who shall bring any such Ticket or Tickets, lo be exchanged for such Certificate or Certificates, and the Number or Numbers of the Ticket or Tickets which shall be so 'brought, the Sum or Sums of Money payable thereupon, and the Day of the Month, and the Year of our Lord, when brought; which Book or Books shall lie open in the Office to be appointed for taking in the said Tickets to be exchanged for such Certificates, for all Persons concerned to peruse; all which Certificates shall be signed by the Managers and Directors so to be appointed, or the major Part of them, and be directed ta the Chief Cashier or Ladders of the Bank of England, and shall entitle the Holders thereof to receive the Sumi therein expressed, on Demand, and without any Deduction whatsoever.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That out of the Monies arising from the said Lottenes, or out of rny of the Aids or Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament for Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sevenr or out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, any Three or'marc of the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury lb nil have Power to discharge all such incident Charges, not hereby otherwise provided for, as shall necessarily attend the Execution of this Act, in such Manner as to them f ull ieemjull and reasonable; and also to settle and appoint such Allowances as shall be thought proper for the Service, Pains and Labour, of the said Cashier or Cashiers, and any other Person or Persons, for reccivio paying, and accounting for, the said Contributions, and for performing the Trust hereby reposed ia them; all which Allowances to be made as aforesaid, in respect of the Service, Pains, and Labour,

Officer or Officers of the said Governor and Company, shall be for the Ufc and Benefit of the said Governor and Company, and at their Bifposal only.

XX. And be it further enacted, That no Fee, Reward, or Gratuity whatsoever, shall be demanded or taken of any of His Majell y's Subjects for receiving or paying any Contribution Monies, or any of tlwm or for any Receipts concerning the same, or for i filling any Money payable in respect of ar.y Fortunate or Benefit Tickets i ] on Pain that any Officer or Person offending, by taking or demanding any such Fee, Reward, or Gratuity, Cali, for every iueh Ohence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds to the Party aggrieved, with full Costs of Sit; to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at 11/ijbninjler> wherein no Eflbigu, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, Injunction, or Order o; Kcfiramt, or any more than One Imparlance, shall be granted or allowed.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person to attend at the Place of dnwrig the Tickets in any of the Lotteries to be drawn by virtue of this Act, for the Purpose of taking down the Numbers of the Tickets as the same shall be drawn, or the Benefits to belong to the fame, unless such Person shad he employed as a Clerk for that Purpose by the said Managers and Directors, Or unkfs such Person shall be liceided so to do by One or more oi the Commissioners for the 'Rime being for managing the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, und Paper, by Writing under their Hands.

Cfcik by ihc Managers or licensed lo lu

XXII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall be licensed by the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties to attend for the Purpose aforesaid, shall be entitled to receive from the said Commissioners, or

th n m O-fice tnc!r Officers, on paying a reasonable Price for the fame, proper Numerical Books containing the Numbers or the t co ny.ce r]qcketg in the said respective Lotteries in Arithmetical Progression as aforesaid; every of which Bores frill exceed in Length Twenty-one Inches and in Breadth Seventeen Inches, and Anil be bound in Hi if milled B >a-ds»

7 and

Tic.ifiiry to deb ay 1 nc jnc rental Ex j: ' C' s attend t c Execution of

Urn A-I.

No Fee to be uk; n f^r ice t ivhig or

laying

Oution I t-.nic* L r K-h'c-ij.c*., i-c, on i'c.i.iu) ot : c).

him or of any

c

No Fe fons to ' lake- d }* i) the Nu.'ub, 1 s oi the 7'ickct'.t the Tin: .' f drntM' r, unless erm>U*ycd ns a

Fcifons so Jic.nfed so rec jvc lton*

Numerical

A.D. 1807. 47° GEORGII III. Seffis. C.g. j33

and shall he stamped and marked on every Leaf thereof by a proper Stamp or Mark, to be provided and used k$ which

for that Purpose by the said Commissioners or their Officers; aid the said commissioners, or any One of them, bc flapped

/ball have Power and Authority to grant such Licences, and Book?, to such Persons, who shall be duly licensed Commifli

to share Tickets and issue Chances in the Manner herein after mentioned, and who shall dcpetit and divide into , o gram fuin

Shares, in the Manner herein after expressed, 'Thirty Tickets or more in the said Lottery or Lotteries resppc- Licences only

tively* before the Drawing begins, and to such other Persons acting for them Yefpeclively, as the said °n aecuunr of

Comiriflioners shall approve; and if any Person present at the Drawing of any or either of the said Lotteries, JjC*nlvd Lottery

(not being duly authorized or licensed in Manner aforesaid), dull, at such Time and Place, take or set down in tV on

Writing thr Number or Numbers of any Ticket or Tickets, when or after the same shall be draw 1 or any F gure t-,

or ..ark to denote the fame, or shall make or begin to make any Regiiler or List in Writing of the Numbers of l' rfons tuning

3r, y Tickets wlv.cli shall have been drawn on the Day of making or beginning to make, or of carrying on such r

Rvgiiler or Lift, or shall knowingly have in his or her Custody or Possession, or in his, her, or their House, Shop,*'e

Oihce. or Place, any printed cr written Register or Lift of the Numbers of the Tickets in the said Lotteries, t ickcis drawn

or of a i\ Part thereof, whether drawn or undrawn, with any Marks, Letters, Figure's, or Numbers thereon. See.

markings denoting the Order or Time of drawing any such Tickets drawn on the same Day, or the Beneiits

to winch any Inch ickets may be entitled by virtue of this Act, other than such complete numerical Re-ill; r

or L*lt in Looks of the respective Dimensions before mentioned, and damped in the Manner aforesaid, or such

numerical LIII of each Days Drawing, as shall be printed and published under the Authority of this Add by thi

said Managers and Directors 5 or if any Person or Persons whatever Audi, unless with the special Permission in

Writing of One of such Managers as aforesaid, publish or cause to be published, during the Hours of drawing

the said Lotteries, any LIII, Kegiiler, or Slip, containing the Number or Numbers of any Ticket or Ticket i,

drawn on the Day of pttbliffiing the fame, or ary Marks, Letters, or Figures, to denote the fame, or ih.rii

pnnhlh, or cause or procure to be pub'liffied, any Lid or Regiller of Tickets, wherein the Numbers of any

Tickets, or any Marks, Letters, or Figures shall be placed to denote the Time of Day, or Order in which any

Tickets shall be drawn, and with Intent to denote the fame, or shall in any other Manner pubiiffi the Number or Numbers of any fuc'n Ticket or Tickets, every such Person so offending, and being lawfully convicted thereof,

shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds; and that it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Mayor, or any On Cwmpfrdnt

of the Aldermen of the City of London, or any Just ice of the Peace or Magistrate, upon Complaint made upon Mit-mn c$

Oath, of foie inn Affirmation, of any Offence committed against this Act, in any of the Particulars before u' Loud m ur mentioned, whereby such pecuniary Penalty as aforesaid may become forfeited, to issue his Warrant for appre- JU*aCC rn('^ htndino inch Offender; and every such Regiller or Lift or Copy as aforesaid, made contrary to the JTirettions furapprehending of this Act, shall be forfeited, and shall and may b* seised by any Constable or other Officer of the Peace, or by Oticnders. any Person employed by the said Commissioners of the Stamp Duties in the Execution of the several Acts for the Regulation of Lotteries, and upon Production thereof before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, such Justice or Justices shall and may by his or their Order in Writing, direct the same to be detained, or otherwise, if he or they ilnli think dt to be dellroyed; and if any Person or Persons shall be found or discovered in the actual Commission of any such Offence, it shall and may be lawful for any Person whatever to apprehend on the Person i in the Spot the Person or Persons so offending, and to convey, or cause to be conveyed, before One of the Magistrates Cmunimon Of aforesaid, the Person or Persons so apprehended, to he proceeded against in Inch Manner as is herein dirccled; ll(Cj, 01icr.ee and when any Person or Persons shall be apprehended, or brought before any of the M.igiilrates aforesaid for m.iy be ibv such Offence, it shall and may be lawful for such Magistrate to proceed to examine into the Circumstances of ajp-t' ended by the Case; and upon due Proof, upon Oath, or solemn Affirmation, of any such Offence committed agaift this antl

Ad, to give Judgement or Sentence accordingly; and where the Party accused shall be convicted of such ()ffence, jvi ^ic°I» and such Penalty shall not be immediately paid, to commit such Offender to Prison for any Space of Time not ni .y\, m.1(^ the exceeding Fourteen Days, nor less than Five Days, without Bail or Mainpri/.e, and without Appeal, or until Oft', ml* r if such Penalty shall be satisfied; and even' Inch Penalty, when paid upon Conviction, shall be applied to the Use be m>t

of the Inforrneror Informers, or Person or Persons apprehending or bringing such Offender or Offenders before *4'"7|f'on f such Magistrate, and the Constable or Constables concerned in apprehending or securing such Offender or lu'ft peiJ'al Offenders, in such Proportions as such Magistrate shall direct.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or pcni|t

Witnrifes, to give Evidence before such Magistrate, touching any of the Matters relative to this Act, either on °a

the Part of the Profeculor or of the Person or Persons accused, and shall neglect orrefufe to appear at the Time iu>iim«>ned a* and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable Excuse for such his, her, or their Neglect or Wtuurtu n.'t Rciufal, to be allowed of by such Magistrate before whom the Prosecution shall be depending, or appearing appealing, ice..(Kail refuse to give Evidence, then every such Person shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty-

Pounds, to be levied and paid in such Manner, and by such Means, as is here in-be fore directed as to other Penal tk'3.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Magistrate before whom any Offender shall be convicted as CornIons to

aforesaid, shall cause the said Conviction to be made out in the Manner and Form following or in any other Form l>€ ma.k* ouhq oi Words to the like Effect (mutatis mutandis): that is to say, , lllc , wiiuw'in£

' 1)E it remembered, That on at'yj. B. of

1 L) was duly convicted before me of having committed an Offence against the Forrav

' Form of an A 1 of Parliament, made in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for

x*anting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be ruij'ed by Lottei'ies; for which Offence I do adjudge that the said

' A. li. bath forfeited the Sum of to be dillrihuted in Manner following; (that is to

say), fere set out the Proportions to be paid by the MagiQratej. Giveu under my Hand and Scat the Day and 1 Year Brit above written.*

Provided

P 11 -«iv ivay frs my 3 i.d.

C*\ \° i- ns not urn ac.' !*:

l*c»fons h?'or« i 1

I. jc; y 1 icki-ts ih.tll Like mi. Licence a* herein directed.

C<>n'rr fli.e-ers f I SmH1)'S !I» England .iiid Ci-mv.-iTi n*rs : >; point i d in 1 tl.<i; ri lit. il fM'-l Lx* r.ccs iv r Lo'trry OiTn.es, on F vrnent of

DJty.

licence to i<>* li.uic in f cc lill the F xpir aliua «.f llic l)iavci-'g ot tiic L.-.rci ics.

Ko L'cctuc to !>e grr.nud h r n; y Lor.- > OrV.cc the Uni- rnVic'ufOxfoid ii-.-.d Cambridge, l.i - nfecl Pertens >1: Great Briimn cr Ireland shall and

11 v .f*v in Shares r; Hr kr is in each < f 1 he L >'. t. its, or I. ice IV C shall be Void, SiC.

rfhn* fhni ing T -kefs, &c.

t'lrary I> Licence shall foiVn tool.

Ferfors to wh ra Licences are prat-fed to gi\e Security by Tio..d.

Executors, &c.

rur, c

; .uti. .' d to cany on Uuhncfs

C. 9. 470 GEORGII III. SdT. 2. A.D. 1M07.

Provided neveitholcfs, That it /halland may be lawful to and for the said Magistrate, where he shall (he Cause, t)mitigate and le-len any such Penalty as he shall think fit (reasonable CoiN and Cir: ges of the Officers and L.formers aa well , : i making the Di Do very as in prosecuting the fame, being always at be wed over and shove such mitigated Penalty}, and so as such Mitigation do net deduce the Penalty to Iefs than a Monty of t!ie Fvaffi.v incurred over and above the Paid Coils and Charges, any Thing herein contained to the contrary liutwiipffiandi : g; and no such Conviction (had be removeab'e by Certiorari into any Court whatever.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall divide Tickets in the said Lotteries into Shares, or issue such Chances as are by this Act permitted, or regiiler the Numbers of any 'Pickets in the Lotteries authorized Ly this Act, or either of them, without first taking out a Licence for that Iriirpole from the Commissioners for managing the Duties upon stamped V.Hum, Parchment, and Paper, for the Timcln ingin Enghndf for Perfoijs resident in Great Britain; or from the Commissioners for managing t he truths upon the ffamned Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, for the Time being in Ireland, for Persons rdu'ent in Iretond; and the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties in England and such Commissioners, as aforeihhl i: i Ireland respectivvly, or any Two of them respectively, are hereby c*mpowered and required by Writing under (heir Hands and Seals to grant £ ch Licence, to all and every Person and Persons who flia.Il apply for the lame, and be approved of by the said Commissioners respectively; but previously to the Delivery of any such Licence, and before it shall have any cfirCri there shall be paid, o\yr and above all other Payments to which the Person or Persons taking out such Licence may be rcipectively liable, by any other Act of Parliament, whether as Brokers cr otherwise, a Stamp Duty of Fifty* Pounds; and the Duties payable in respect of Inch Licences shall be paid at the respective Stamp Offices in London and Dublin respectively, where such Licence shall be granted, and shall be applied towards defraying the Expences of the Stamp Office, where the same shall have been received, in executing this Act, and otherwise in Manner herein after prescribed.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That every such Licence shall be upon Paper or Parchment, stamped with a Stamp denoting the Payment of the Duty of Fifty Pounds hereby imposed, and shall set forth the true Name and Place of Abode of the Person or Persons taking out the fame; and also the particular House or Place where such Business shall be carried on; and such Licence shall continue in force until after the Expiration of the Drawing of the lall of the Lotteries to be drawn under the Authority of this Act, and no longer; and every Person ailing cr dealing in any of the Matters therein contained after the Expiration of such Licence shall be considered in every respect as an unlicensed Person.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Licence shall be granted to any Person within the TJaiverflties of Oxford and Cambridge, or either of them; and if any Licence shall be granted to any Person within either of the said Universities, it shall be void and of no Elicit; and the Person or Persons acting under such Licence shall be liable to the fame Penalty as an unlicensed Person.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person3 and Person to whom such last>mentione(f Licence or Licences shall be granted in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, pursuant to this Act, shall deposit at the Office or Place to be appointed in Manner herein after mentioned by the Commissioners of Stamp Dut es in England and Ireland respectively, and divide into Shares, Thirty whole undrawn Tickets in each of the Lotteries established as aforesaid, for every such Licence granted to him, her, or them according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and evey such Licence, for which no such Deposit shall be made, shall be void and of no Effect; and every Person ailing under any such Licence, in any of the Matters therein contained, after such Default made, shall be adjudged and considered in every respect as an unlicensed Person; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners in England and Ireland respectively, upon every such Default, to cause to be published the Names and Plates of Abode, and the Description of the Offices of such Persons or Person making such Default as aforesaid, in the London or Dublin Gazette, rclpcdtively, and declaee therein the Time when such Default was made, and such Forfeiture shall take place from the Time of such Publication.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall divide Tickets into Shares, or Hue Chance*, or regiiler the Numbers of such Tickets, without the Authority of such Licence as aforesaid, or in any other House or flace besides that named in the Licence, or in any other Manner contrary to such Licence, or to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That every Person, to whom any such Licence shall be granted, shall personally appear before the said Commissioners of Stamps, in England or Ireland respectively, or such Person or Persons as they shall respectively appoint, and Thail then and there, at the Time of granting such Licence or Licences, give Security by Bond to His Majesty, Hus Heirs a, id SueceiTi r$, in the Sum of One thousand Pounds, and that the Condition of every such Bond shall be, that if the Persons or rierson so be licensed shall, during the Term of Inch Licence, well and truly conform to and observe all the Regulations and Provisions of this Act, and shall not ofk-nd against the fame, then such Bond shall be void, or otherwise to be and remain i.i full Force and Effect; and the said Commissioners of Stamps, or any Three or more of them, are hereby authorized and required to take such Bond; and if at the End of Twelve C.deudar Mouths ester the Expiration of the Time for which such Licence shall be granted, it shall appear to the SatLrh&ion of the ibid respective Commissionns of Stamps, that such Persons or Person so licensed have crhatli, during the Term of inch Licence, well and truly kept, fill filled, and performed the Condition of such Bond, such Commissioners may deliver up such Bond to be cancelled, orotherwile, at their Discretion, cause every such Bond to be put in Suit.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That, upon the Death of any Ferfou so licensed as aforesaid, during the Term of such Licence or Licence, it llnll and may be lawful 10 and for the said Commissioners of the Stamp Duties, ia their Discretion to authorize and empower the Executors or Adiiuniltrators, or the Wife, Child, or

a the

C. 9.

137

the Heir at Law of such deceased Person, being entitled unto the Possessioft of the P.emifes, in which the Bufiucfi respecting such Lotteries was to be carried on. under such Licence or Licences, or any of them, to continue such Business for the Residue of the Term for which such Licence or Licences was or were granted in the fame Premises. without taking out a new Licence or Licences during the Residue of the said Term, but subject to and under the fame Terms, Conditions, Rules, and Regulations, as such Licence or Licences was or were originally granted, and also subject to a Renewal of the Bond for the securing the due Performance thereof, by such Representatives respectively, during the Residue of such Term.

XXXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, to whom any such Licence or Licences as aforesaid shall be granted, shall be prosecuted anil convine'd of any Offence against this Act, whetheron Prosecution of the Bond to be given in pursuance of this Act, or for any Penalty under this Act, or as a Rogue and Vagabond, such Conviction shall operate as a Forfeiture of such Licence or Licences, and from thenceforth the same shall be void; and the said Commissioners of Stamps where the same shall have been granted, may, if they shall think fit, refuse to' grant to the Person or Persons so convicted any Licence in futHre.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons what foe ver shall forge or counterfeit, or cause to be forged or counterfeited, or assist in forging or counterfeiting any Licence, authorized to be made by this Act for the Purpose aforesaid, or shall fraudulently alter or cause to be altered, or assist in altering any such Licence, as shall be really granted under this Act, or shall knowingly make use of any such forged, counterfeited, or altered Licence, such Person or Persons shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, One Moiety thereof to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him that shall prosecute orfue for the fame, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in relation to Licences granted in Great Britain, and at Dublin as to Licences granted in Ireland, in which no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and shall also be subject to Imprisonment for such Term not exceeding Six Months as the Court in which the Party offending shall be convicted, shall appoint.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to fell the Chance of the Benefit which may belong to any Ticket, in any Lottery to be drawn in pursuance of this Act, for any lefsTime than the whole Time of drawing then to come, or to fell any other Chance whatsoever of any Benefit, which may belong to any such Ticket, other than and except such r.s is herein after expressly permitted; or to ensure for or against the drawing of any such Ticket or Tickets, or to receive any Money or Goode, in Consideration of any Agreement to repay any Sum or Sums or to deliver the fame or other Goods, if any such Ticket or Tickets shall prove fortunate or unfortunate, or on any Chance or Event relative to the drawing of any such Ticket or Tickets, whether as to their being drawn fortunate or unfortunate, or the Time of their being drawn, or otherwise howsoever; or under any Pretence, Device, Form, or Description whatsoever, to promise or agree to pay any Sum or Sums, or to deliver any Goods, or to do or forbear doing any Thing for the Benefit of any Person or Persons, whether with or without Consideration, on any Event or Contingency relative or applicable to the drawing of any such Ticket or Tickets, or to publish any Proposal for any of the Purposes aforesaid; and if any Person or Persons shall offend against this Act in any of the Matters aforesaid, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and the Contract in every such Case shall be void $ and every Person Co offending, if not licensed to divide Tickets into Shares in the Manner aforesaid, shall also be deemed a Rogue and Vagabond, and shall be punished as such, in the Manner herein after directed.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall fell any Share or Shares of any Ticket or Tickets in any Lottery to be drawn in pursuance of this Act, in any other Proportion or Proportions than One Half, Quarter, Eighth, or Sixteenth Part or Share only; or shall publish any Proposal or Scheme for felling any Share or Shares, or enter into any Agreement or Agreements for any Share or Shares of any Ticket or Tickets, in the said respective Lotteries in any other Proportion than One Half, Quarter, Eighth, or Sixteenth Part or Share, such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and shall also be deemed a Rogue and Vagabond, or Rogues and Vagabonds, and shall be punished as such in the Manner herein after directed.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Share or Agreement for a Share of every Ticket fotobe divided shall have written or printed thereon. Words or Figures to this Effect; that is to say,

4 T?IRST [SECOND, THIRD,r FOURTH] LOTTERY for the Year One thousand eight hundred 4 X and (even.

for the Rrfirfuo of the Term of Liccnco*.

Per fins 101 ^idcH of Offences fhrlt forfeit their Licence.

Prrfuni counterfeiting Licence*, or using such as a"e Counterfeit, (h til fit lot 500l.

No Chance* of any Ticket* for any less Time than the whole Time of Or.*wmj. shall he fold, or Insurance m ide for or againtf 1 he Drawing of any Ticket; nor shall any Perfm publish any Propoful for such Purpose, on Penalty of 50l. & c.

No Tickets t# be divided inre» any other Share# than Halves, Quarters, Eighth*, and Suteenths, on Penally of

Farm of Shares of Tickets.

Ticket.

N.

(trot the Share may he.)

The Bearer of this Share will be entitled to One

Part of (ueb Benefit as shall belong to the Ticket numbered as above, in the First, Second, Third, or Fourth Lottery,'ce Case may tv> be drawn in Great Britain by virtue of an Act passed in the Forty-I'cverttU Year of the Reign of His present* Majesty /

47 C*o. III. T XXXVII. A«4

Chances to be of the fallowing

Form.

SKvcs and C/J<ne< s shall he lia<npcd.

Person* counterfeiting Shares, fee. guilty of Felony.

Commissionei* of Stamps Avail*stal>li(V» an Office in London or Dublin for the Deposit of Tie kits intended to be sold in Shares.

Heceiver General to give a Receipt foi liie fame j

which Receipt shall 1701 be transfer ruble.

Books shall be kept by ti>e Receiver for regiftejing such Titkets, winch ih^y bcrnfpvtiUd on paying 2<J.

Receiver Genera I

so ill he paid id. L>rcvny Share or Ch.u.ce it to which (ho I'icker dep..filed shall be divided.

y «f ans felling Shares or Chine? otherwise than on

C. 9. 470 GEORGII III. Sess. 2. A.D. 1807.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons, so licensed as

aforesaid, to issue and fell the Chance of any particular Benefit or Benefits, that may belong to any Ticket, in any of the said Lotteries, or the Chance of all the Benefits that may belong to any such Ticket except any particular Benefit or Benefits which shall be specified, and that every such Chance or Agreement for such, Chance, shall be made out, written, or printed in Words or Figures to this EffctS; that is to say,

J/IRST, [SECOND, THIRD, or FOURTH], LOTTERY, for 1807. jyjo^ —

The Bearer of this Chance will receive the Ticket numbered as above, now deposited at the Stamp Office in

London [or Dublin, as the Case may be], if entitled to any Benefit above or under Pounds,

(or to any Benefit whatever, lave and except, Specifying the Exception, as the Case may be). /. B.

' LLenfed as the Act directs/

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Share or Agreement for a Share, and every such Chance or Agreement for a Chance, of any Ticket as aforesaid, shall be written or printed on a Piece of Paper or Parchment, which shall be imprefied with some Mark, Device, or Stamp, to be for that Purpose preferred by the Commissioners of Stamps in England or Ireland respectively.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or shall willingly act or assist in the forging or counterfeiting, any Share or Shares, Chance or Chances, or any Agreement or Agreements for any Share or Shares, Chance or Chances respectively, of any Ticket or Tickets in any Lottery to be drawn in pursuance of this Act; or alter any Number, Figure, Word, or Stamp, therein or thereon; or shall knowingly utter, vend, barter, or dispose of any such forged, counterfeited, or altered Share or Shares, Chance or Chances, or Agreement or Agreements for any Share or Shares, Chance or Chances of any/Ticket or Tickets, with Intent to defraud any Person or Persons, then, and in every such Case, all and every Person and Persons so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and suffer as a Felon.

XL.*And, the more effectually to prevent Abuses in the felling of Shares or Chances of Lottery Tickets/ be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for managing the Duties on damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, or any Three or more of them, shall immediately after the passing of this Act, appoint or establish some Office or Place, at or in the Head Office of the said Commissioners m Londm or Dublin respectively, for the Deposit of Tickets intended to be sold in Shares or Chances; and every Ticket in any such Lottery as aforesaid, before it shall be divided into Shares, or before any such Chance thereof as aforesaid shall be sold, shall be brought to the said Office, and be there deposited, and left with the Receiver General of His Majesty's Stamp Duties in England or Ireland respectively, or some Ferfoi) or Persons to be appointed by him to receive the same, and who is and are hereby authorised and required to receive the same respectively.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the said Receiver General of His Majesty's Stamp Duties in England or Ireland respectively, or such Person or Persons so to be appointed by him to receive 'I ickets, to be divided in Shares or sold in Chances, shall, upon the Receipt of any such Ticket, or any Number of Tickets, give a Receipt in Writing for the fame j which Receipt shall express the Day of receiving the Ticket or Tickets, the Dotte; y to which the Ticket or Tickets shall belong, the Number or Numbers of the Ticket or Tickets so received, and the Name or Names of the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, and also that such Ticket or Tickets is or are received in pursuance of this Act, and doth or do accordingly remain in the Hands of the said. Receiver General, or such Person or Persons to be appointed by him to receive the same, to be disposed of as is hereby directed.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no such Receipt for any Ticket as aforesaid, shall be transferrable or transferred, or assignable or assigned, either in Law or Equity, in any Manner or on any Pretence whatever, nor shall any Interefi: or Property in any such Receipt pals by any Transfer, Assignment, or Pepofit thereof, in any Manner or for any other Purpose whatever.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That a Book or Books shall be kept by the said Receiver General in England or Ireland respectively, or the Person or Persons so to be appointed by him as aforesaid, who shall truly and fairly enter and register in such Book, or Books the Number of every Lottery Ticket which shall be deposited in the said Office in pursuance of this Act, together with the Name or Names of the Person or Persons who shall depcfit such Ticket, and also the Number of Shares into which any such Ticket shall be divided, and the Chance which shall be issued of any such Ticket as aforesaid; and any Person shall and may from Time to Time, and at all seasonable Times, resort to and irifpeS such Book or Books on Payment of the Sum of Two-pence for every. Number searched for, to the Person or Persons so to be appointed by the said Receiver General as aforesaid; and the Money arising from such Payment shall be paid and applied in defraying the Expences of the Stamp Office in executing this Act, and otherwise in Manner hurein-after specially provided.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That, upon the leaving and depositing of any Lottery Ticket, at or in the said Office, with the said Receiver General in England or Ireland respectively, or such Person or Persons lo to be appointed as aforesaid, for the Purposes arorclaid, the Person or Persons who shall so leave and deposit the same shall pay to the said Receiver General, or the Person or Persons so to be appointed by him as aforesaid, the Sum of Two-pence for every Share into which such Ticket shall be divided, or for the Chance which shall be issued thereupon, as aforesaid.

XLV. And be it Further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Time* fclf or agree to fell any Share or Shares, Chance or Chances, of any Ticket or Tickets, in a y such Lottery's aforesaid, other than by a written or printed Agreement on a Piece of Paper, Vellum, or Parchment, llamped or marked

9 bY

A.D. 1807.

470 GEORGII III. Self. 2.

C. 9.'

139

by such Officer or Officers, and in such Manner as by this Act is before described, he, she, or they, so offending stamped Paper, fh 11, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and shall be deemed a Rogue and Vagabond, or pc'

Rogues and Vagabonds, and shal. be punished as such in the Manner herein after directed. ur c'

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That every Ticket so de ofited as aforesaid in Great Britain ox Ireland Tickets so irfyedively, for the Purpose of being fold in Shares, shall be detained, and remain in the Custody of the g^-^-

Receiver General, or of the Person or Persons with whom the lame shall have been deposited as aforesaid, in o/iVfi.iud'^or p .rfinnce of the Provisions of this Act, until the Expiration of Three Lays after the Day on which the fame t|»c Tiepofcof shall be drawn, if not entitled to a greater Pern fit than Tut) Poinds, or until the Expiration of Fourteen Days after b-.ingfokl in the Day on which the fame flutll be drawn, if entitled to a greater Benefit than Fifty Pounds; at the Expiration Stores, Hull of which Time, the same shall be delivered back to the Pr j tietoror Proprietors thereof, or his, her, or their tj, e

Ex Tutors or Administrators, on returning the Receipt winch shall have been given for the same as aforesaid: Keceu I'Jemral Provided always, that it shall be lawful for any Person holding any Share or Shares in any such Ticket, to give forrhe Period* Notice to the said Receiver General, or Person or Persons in whole Cuilocly the fame shall be, not to deliver or herein Tftum the fame, until such Share or Shares, or the Value thereof, shall have been paid and satisfied, or Security mentioned, given for the Payment thereof, to the Satisfaction of the Comrr.issioners cf Stamps in Great Britain or Ireland nlpeftively; and thereupon it shall be lawful for the said Receiver General, or the Person or Persons having the Custody of the Ticket, in respedb whereof such Notice shall be given, and he and they are hereby respectively required upon such Notice, and upon such Share or Shares being deposited with the Receiver General, or such ether Person as aforesaid, to detain such Ticket accordingly, until the Share or Shares io deposited shall be paid or satisfied, or such Security given as aforesaid; and in Default thereof, it shall be lawful for the said Receiver General, or other Person having the Custody of such Ticket, to receive the Prize Money or lie ht which may belong thereto, when the fame shall become payable under this Act, and to pay a due Proportion thereof to the Person or Persons who shall have deposited such Share or Shares, and the Residue to the original Proprietor or Proprietors of such Ticket; and in case any Ticket so deposited as aforesaid, shall remain unclaimed at the End of Two Years from the 1 : ay of the Drawing thereof, the Prize Money or Benefit belonging thereto shall be received by the said Receiver General for the Time being, and be applied in defraying the Expence of the Stamp Office in executing this Act; and otherwise in such Manner as is herein after mentioned.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Receiver Gen ral, or Tickets dep#-

other Person, with whom any Ticket shall have been deposited by any licensed Person for the Purpose of issuing a Chance thereupon as aforesaid, to deliver back such Ticket, at any Time before the same shall be drawn, to the ^jct>r^na^c#

Person who shall have deposited the fame, upon his producing the stamped Chance of any such Ticket, and being productd. also the Stamp Office keceipt for the fame, to be cancelled.

XLVIII. And be it firther enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Receiver General or other Person in Regulation* for England or Ireland respectively, with whom any Ticket shall have been deposited for the Purpose of ilfuing a delivering up Chance thereupon as aforesaid, to deliver such Ticket at the End of Fourteen Days after the same shall be drawn, which

either to the Holder of the Chance, if entitled thereto by virtue of such Chance, on delivering up the Chance to be cancelled, or to the ori rir.al Proprietor of such Ticket, if the Holder of the Chance shall not be entitled thereto, jn Chance*. oa delivering up the Receipt, which shall have Veen given for the same as aforesaid, to be cancelled.

XLIX. And be it further cna(fled, That all Duties, Fees, and Sums of Money which shall, under this Application of Act, be received at the Stamp Office in Great Britain, or by any Officer or Oiiicers thereof, in the Execution the Fee* of the Trufl repoftd in such Officer or Officers, and of which the Application is not herein-before directed, shall J5CCI eQ^c* be received by or paid into the Hands of the Receiver General of the said Office for the Time being, and he shall G^cTt^Bnuin.1* keeps separate and diflindl Account thereof, and thereout shall pay the Expence which the said Office shall be put to in executing this Act, and also the Expences attending the Commission made forth for managing, directing, and drawing the Lotteries established by this Act, in such Manner as by 1 he said Commissioners of Stamps, or any Three or more of them, shall from Time to Time be appointed, but subject nevertheless to such P ules and Orders in respect to the fame, as shall be given to the said Comrr.iflionci s from Time to Time by the Lords Lommissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them; and as to the Residue of such Sums of Money, the said Receiver General shall pay such Residue into ti e Receipt of the Exchequer, as soon as the Account thereof can be made up for each Lottery; and in the Office of the Auditor of the Lid Receipt of the Account fh.dlbe Exchequer, there shall be provided and kept a Rook or Books, in which all the Monies paid into the said^P1> , hc Receipt under this Act shall be entered separate and apart fr m all other Monies paid or payable to His Majesty, u a\'*0t^ce His Heirs or Successors, upon any other Account: and such Monies so paid into the said Receipt of the ouici Monk-# Exchequer under this Act shall from Time to Time be reserved for the Liipofnion of Parliament, and shall not be issuedbut by Authority of Parliament.

L. And be it further enacted, That a separate and dillincl Account of all Duties, Fees, and Sums of Money, uhuh shall be received in Ireland under this Act shall be kept hv the several proper Officers; and that all inch Monies shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Irelan; and that the Charge: -! a -d Expends relating to the granting of Licences under this Act, or arising in Ireland, on ncccu'i.t of ttie laid Lotteries, er in the Execution of this Act, shall be paid and defrayed out of the said Confo'hvU-d Fund, in such Manner as the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for .lie Time being shall order and direct.

LI. Pr- vided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall he lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Maii-fly's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, to itipulate and direct that a certain Lumber <>i t c Prizes or iitn fits, in any or eirher of the Lotteri es, in winch the Tickets to be (old in purfnunce of this Act shall he dr.'wn, shall cordift, either of One or more Ticket or Tickets (to be appropri ated and Ft apart for that Pur-poic) in any or either of the Lme Lotteries, together with all Benefits which shall belong thereunto; or of

Application of M*-r.ry received

on ac onn' of Lie* ice*- to Keep J..ri rv Otiice* m belaud.

The Tr< afnry JUitl.Oi »/crl t<> d.-ec: c. 11 any ot I.K Pr z > in*la 1 L t«1 tug

IF. Cor fill .f

1 iCXCV. ta ai; y

140

of tlip fame LoOrric*tr in ar v supplenu n« li»: y L .ticry or Lotteries.

Ok Complaint on Oath of Offerees again# this act, whereby the Panic5 nv.y he liable \o Punishment : «s Rogue*, Justices may urbofire Person* ro break open Houfts, bee.

Person* discovrrrd in such House* eoncerncfl in cairyiny.on illegal Transitions to he punishtd a* Rogues.

Penalty on Personsobli ruling Officers.

Persons employ-

ill? or aiding others to Cai ry On furh iiirgal Tran fall ions to be deemed Rogue* and Vagabonds.

Manner in which At} tons lor Penally shall be commenced.

Further

Rt gu jM'.n* to be older ved io fu.ng for penalties.'

C. 9. 470 GEORGII III. Sess. 2. A.D. 1807.

One or more Ticket or Tickets (to be appropriated and set apart for that Purpose) in any subsequent or fop-plcmentary Lottery or Lotteries, to be framed and drawn immediately after any or either of the said first- or principal Lotteries, together with all Benefits which shall belong thereunto; in which supplementary Lottery, or Lotteries, there shall be distributed, in Prizes or Benefits, lut.h Part or Parts of the Sum of Money herein-before allotted for Prizes or Benefits, in the said first-mentioned or principal Lotteries, and in such Manner as the said Lords Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall think fit and direct: And that the numbered Tickets, as well as the Prize or Fortunate Tickets a d the Blank Tickets, in such Supplementary Lottery or Lotteries, shall be prepared by the said Managers and Directors, and be put into different Boxes* an 1 shall be drawn out of such Boxes, in such and the like Manner, and such and the like further Proceedings shall be had and taken thereupon, as is and are herein-before prescribed with regard to the said full-mentioned or principal Lotteries, or as near thereto as Circumftaaces will permit; and the said Managers and Directors {halt nave the like Powers, with respect to the said supplementary Lotteries, as with respect to the said principal Lotteries; And it shall be lawful for the said Lords Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, to give such further Directions, and prescribe such further Regulations, for promoting and carrying into Execution the Ohjedl and Intention of this present Clause, as they shall think proper and expedient in that Behalf: which Directions and Regulations, being reduced into Writing, and signed by Three or more of the said Lords Commissioners, and published in the London Gazette, shall be asSted upon by the said Managers and Directors, and all other Persons concerned, and shall be as valid and effectual in all respect3, as if the fame had been iaferted and enacted in this Act.

LII. And be it further enacted, That upon Complaint or Information made upon Oath, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace of any Offence committed against this Act in any House or Place within the Jurisdiction of any such Justice or Justices, whereby any of the Offenders may be liable to Punishment as Rogues and Vagabonds, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justice or Justices, before whom such Oath shall be taken, if he or they shall judge it reasonable, by special Warrant under his or their respective Hands and Seals, to authorize and empower any Person or Persons, by Day or by Night, but if in the Night Time, then in the Prefince of a Constable or other lawful Officer of the Peace, who are hereby required to be aiding or assisting therein, to break ©pen the Doors, or any Part of such House or Place where such Offence shall have been committed, and to enter into such House or Place, and to seize and apprehend all such Offenders, and all other Persons who shall be discovered in such House or Place, and who shall have knowingly aided or assisted, or been, anywise concerned with any such Offender or Often Jers in committing such Offence, and to convey them before any Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, City. Liberty, or Place, wherein such Person shall be so apprehended, to be dealt with according to Law as aforesaid; and all Persons who shall be discovered in such House or Place, knowingly aiding, abiding, or anyways concerned with such Offender or Offenders, in carrying on any Transaction respecting the said Lotteries, or either of them, contrary to the express Provisions of this Act, shall be deemed Rogues and Vagabonds, and punidiable as such in the Manner directed by this Act, as the Case may require; and it shall and may be lawful for the Officer or Officers having the Execution of such Warrant, and all other Persons. acting in his or their Aid or Abidance to flop, arrestr and detain, all and even' the Person or Persons so discovered in such House or Place, and to convey the said Person and Person? before such Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid; and if any Person or Persons shall forcibly obstrudL oppose, molest, or hinder, any such Officer or Officers, or others adding in his or their Aid or Abidance in the due Execution of their Duty, or in the due entering into such House or Place, or in the seizing, detaining, or conveying before such Justice or Justices, any such Offender or Offenders or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, every such Person so obstructing, opposing, molesting, or hindering as aforesaid, shall be deemed an Offender against Law and the public Peace, and the Court before whom any such Offender ff, all be tried and convicted shall and may order such Offender to be fined, imprisoned, and publickly whipped, as in their Discretion shall be thought fit; and all Persons, although not difeyvered in such House or Place as aforesaid, who shall employ or eause to be employed any Person or Persons in carrying on any of the Transactions aforesaid, or in aiding or assisting any such Person or Persons, shall be deemed Rogues and Vagabonds, and shall be punishable as such in the Manner directed by this Act.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties for any Offence against this Act (except where it is herein otherwise directed}, shall, when recovered, go and be applied to the Use of His Majesty, His Pleirs or Successors; and, from and after the Commencement of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons whatever, except where it is herein otherwise directed, ..to commence or enter or cause or procure to be commenced or entered, or filed, or prosecuted, any Action, Suit, Bill, Plaint, or Information* for the Recovery of any pecuniary Penalty or Penalties inflicted by this Act, unless the fame be commenced, entered, filed, and prosecuted, in the Name of His Map. fly's Attorney General in the Court of Exchequer at IVJlm'iriflrr, if such Offence shall be committed in England* or in the Name of His Majell) L Attorney General in the Court of Exchequer at Did tin, if f; i> h Offence shall be committed in Ireland, or in Inc Name of His Majesty's Advocate General in the Court of exchequer in Scotland, if such Offence shall L* committed in Scotland; and if any Action, Suit, Bill, Plaint, or Information, lhrtll be commenced or entered in ary other Performs Name or Names than as is before mentioned, the fame, and all Proceeding thereupon had, aje hereby declared to be null and void, a id the said Court or Courts where such Proceeding shall be so commenced, shall eauie the same to be (laved; any L"» v Custom, ' or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding

LLV. And be it further enacted, That upon every such. Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, a Capias or other Writ shall and may issue the Fit ft Process, specifying therein the Amount of the Penalty or Penalties, innl for, whereof an Affidavit (h 11 be ii. it duty made and filed, and the Defendant and Defendants shall in such Case be obliged to give iuhicicnl Bail or Security by natural-born Subjects, Persons naturalized, or Denizens, to the

Person

A.D. 1807.

47 GEORGII III. Sess. 2. C. 9, 10* 141

Where the A m >unt of Pe-\ r % fucri for if

Person or Persons to whom such Capias or other Writ shall be direct' d, to appear in the Court out of which such Proccfc shall be issued at the Day of th? Return of such Protifs to answer fjch Suit or Prosecution; and stall Uewife at the Time of such Appearance give sufficient TV.-il or Security by such PeHbns 33 aforesaid in the said Conrt, to answer and pay all the Forfeiture* and Penalties incurred for such Offence or Offences*, together with the CoAs of Suit, in case he, (he. o' they shall he convicted thereof, or to yield his, her, or their Bodies to Prison: Provided always, that the bail hcreir.-before required to be given shall in no case exceed the Sorr of Five hundred Pounds.

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That wVrc any Writ or Process shall issue against any Person or Persons for the Recovery of any Penalty or Penalt< »$ fm any Offence committed igainA this Acb, and the Amount of the Penalty or Penalties fuM for shall not be inserted therein, or no Affidavit thereof ff.all ^Jr 'r"^e<L'n be made or filed according to the Directions oi this Act, the Plaintiff or Tnformer shall not proceed to arreA the

Body or Bodies of the Defendant or Defendants, b it it shall be lawful to serve him or them peHoiially with a fc.Vc(| wiih a Copy of the Process, and to proceed therein in like Manner as i Cases of Debt, where the Catife of Action does Copy of the oot amount to the Sum of Ten Pounds in the said Cou- ts respectively Pincei», See*

LVl And heit further enabled, 'Flint if any Person shall be brought before any Two or more Justices of Otfi - den the Peace, and shall be convicted of any Offence or Offences agaiutt this Act, by such Justices, whereby such Person shall be adjudged a Rogue and a Vagabond, then, and in every such Case, such Justices shall, and they vig^bunds mar-are hereby required to order such Offender to be font to the House of Correction, there to remain for any Space be committ«d. ' of Time, not exceeding Si c Calendar Months, nor !cfs than One Calendar Month, and until the final Period1 of the Drawing of the Lottery, in respect whereof such Offence shall be committed; and such Proceedings 'Pmc'-rding* notr shall not be subject to Appeal, nor shall be removed or removeable by Certiorari or oilierwife, into any

Court whatever. ' fAT

LVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be sued, moleAcd, or prosecuted, for Person* fu<4 any Thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General>' p «*ad thej IHue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence, in his, her, or their Defence or Defences; and enera uc* if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaint iff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue hit, her, or their Action or Prosecution, or be nonsuited, or Judgement shall be given again ll him, her, or them, upon Demurrer, or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble CoAs awarded to him, Treble Costs* her, or them, againA any such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs. Irish A^h contra--

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That so much and such Parts of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland d'etory to this relating to Lotteries and Lottery Tickets, as is or are contradictory to or incompatible with this Act, shall be^[ 'iwe^elat and the fame is and are hereby repealed; and that so much of any A«5I or A£s in force in IrclamK as relates to in^to Ljccrncc^ the Stamp Duty on Licences to keep Lcttiry Offices in Ireland, shall be in force and shall be applied and put for keeping in Execution with respect to the Stamp Duty on Licences required by this Act to be taken by Persons Offices to tx-dividing Tickets into Shares, or issuing Chances ptirfuant to the Direction of this Act lend to thAct*-

LIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied, or repealed by any Act to be -AVtmny be passed in this Scdion of Parliament. v

CAP. X.

aJteicd or repealed this Sc in on.

An Act for eikoutaging the Export of f; : lt: d Beef and Pork from Ireland.

[25th*uly 1807.]

WHEREAS the Export from Ireland of Beef and Pork salt<*d in Ireland, ought to be encouraged'

'» be it therefore enacted by the King's moA Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent* of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in tills present Parliament al cir.bled, and by the Authority Doty rtiall1 of the fame, That from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the passing of this Act no Duty.u hatever he un

shall be raid or payable on the Export from Ireland to any Place whatever of any failed Beef or Pork, .salted iu., hc E*P'-n of Ireland; but that all Beef and Pork salted in Ireland shall and may be exported free to any Place what Lever, or

and without Payment of any CuAoms, Subsidy, or Duty whatsoever; any Thing contained in any Act or Acts, j °m in force in reimd to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

II. 4 AndWffiereas it is reasonable that an Allowance or Bounty in the way of Drawback" should be made and A^°'VJ: , CC

' allowed on the Exportation, t xcept to Great Britain, of Beef and Pin k, salted ir> Ireland for and in respect of li l' r'k.

the Duties paid on the Sait uhd n the curing thereof be it further enacted, That upo the Exportation from lxl)orn<i in lieu

Ire!: ndy to any Place except Great Britain, of ary Beef or Pork salted in Iremn/, there shall he paid and allowed to of D ry «>m s, gt the Expotters of such Beet or Pork an Allowance or Bounty, in the way of Drawback for and in respect of the ", cr*' rMIin£ Dwt.cs charged upon the Salt used in the kilting of such Beef or Pork, alter the Rate of Ten-pence for each and lllC 1 n, t*

ev.ny Huciired Pounds Weight thereof.

III. mdhe ii further enact d, That every Person who ffiril! export such salted Beef or Pork under this Act , <rr' fr.all; pv? (ech Bond and enter into such Security, and such Allowance or Bounty in the way of Drawback shall

he paid nt such-Time and in such Manner and upon such CoiuHtious and urd> r and subj^d to such Rules, 46G rc. °7

Re/t; ijtion«, Retried ions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and such Cci iidc.U.es and other Proofs il.all be produced by j 31, jz, Sc 33*

such Exporters of the landing of such Beef or Pork at th* Po<t of it^ i clli.u.u.oii; ar.l fuel* E porters and all

other IVrlutu !bah be liable to such Penalties for rebinding or nnfhipp'ug such Beef or Pork rs are provided and

ract J in and by an Act made in the Fovtv-sixth Year of His present Majesty's R- ig., intituled, ..n Bet more

clulurl y to regulate the Codcciio 1 of the Bul.es on oodSf IP arts, and Ale rebar a; ze anh'rte.or exported int or from Inland; and the Payment of B nniirr, /llkywa res, and B v; -v/ r.cls therttn, with ref] (ft to; .r.y Goods,

Uarcs, or Merchandi7e exported from Ireland on which any Di'awbac!: nr P, >uuty ii ormi.y fci payable by Law, and wiih respect to the Drawbacks and Bounties payable thereon rifpidively.

CAP. XU

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2

AD, 1807.

Penalties not exceeding 20l. incurred under Acts 47 G. 3.

St it. t. c 2 c. 3, & c. 35.

miyhe recovered before one luliiccuf the Peace.

One Moiety to the Informer and tl>e other to the Poor of the 'Parish.

Penalties under

laid Acts exceeding 20l. maybe recovered by Act i n or Civil Kill.

Proceedings shall not be removed by Ceitiumi, kc.

Penaltr on

folliccs nrglecl-, ]ng to carry laid Acts into £*ecution.

C. 11.

CAP. XI.

An Act to provide for the Recovery of Penalties under certain Acts, made in the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, for securing the Rates and Duties in Ireland in respect of Dwelling Houses, File Hearths, Windows, Male Servants, Horles, Dogs, and Carriages; and on Licences to Persons dealing in exciseable Commodities; and on Paper and Paper Hangings: and to alter the Condition of certain Bonds to be given by Brewers in Ireland.

[25th July 1807,

WHEREAS it is expedient to provide for the more cafy and cffrftual Recovery of Penalties under the several Acts herein after mentioned and set forth be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the passing of this Act, whenever any pecuniary Penalty or Forfeiture, not exceeding Twenty Pounds BrUt/h Currency, shall be incurred under the Provisions of an Act, passed in the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to provide for regulating and securing the Collection of certain Rates and Taxes in Ireland, in respect of Dwelling Houses, Fire Hearths y Windows, Male Servants, Horses, Dogs, and Carriages; or of an Act passed in the said Year, intituled, An Act to secure the Payment of the Duties on Licences granted to Persons in Ireland dealing in Exciseable Commodities; or of an Act passed in the said Year, intituled, An Act to amend federal Acts for regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Paper made in Ireland; and to make perpetual so much vf an Act, made in the Forty -fif h Year of His present Majesty, as relates to Paper Hangings printed orflamed in Ireland; it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of Peace in Ireland, within his Jurisdiction, to hear and determine any Information or Complaint for the Recovery of such Penalty, and to convict the Party offending, on his or her own Confession, or on the Oath of any One credible Witness 5 and in all such Cases One Moiety of the Penalty 01 Forfeiture shall be paid to the Person giving such Information, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish in which the Offence shall have been committed, or the Conviction made, at the Discretion of the Just ice; and such Justice of the Peace is hereby authorized and required, upon Information made on Oath in that Behalf, within Three Months after the Offence committed, to lumroon the Party accused, and also the Witness or Witnesses on either Side; and if upon the ConfelTion of the Party accuied, or Examination of any Witness or Witnesses on Oath, which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer, such Party shall be convicted of the Offence alleged, then it shall be lawful for such Justice, and Jieis hereby required, to award and issue out a Warrant under his Hand and Seal to any Constable of the County, Tor levying the Penalty or Forfeiture incurred, on the Goods of the Offender, and to cause Sale to be made thereof, in case the same shall not be redeemed within Six Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus (if any) after Payment of the Penalty, and after deducting the Expence of such Sale; and for want of sufficient Dili refs .it shall be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby required, to commit such Offender to Gaol for any Time not exceeding Three Months, or until such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be paid; and if any Person shall find himself .orherfelt aggrieved by the Judgement of the said Justice, then such Person shall and may complain or appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Sessions for the County; and such Justices are hereby empowered to summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the Complaint or Appeal; and in case the Conviction of the Party shall be affirmed, such Justices shall issue Warrants for levying the Penalty or Forfeiture as aforesaid, and also for levying on the Goods of the Appellants such Sum, not exceeding Forty Shillings, as the said Justices shall appoint, for the Costs of such Appeal, to be paid to the Informers And where any such pecuniary Penalty or Forfeiture shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, the fame may be sued for and recovered by any Person who shall lue for the fame, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, or by Civil Bill in any of the Courts of Record in Dublin, or at the Quarter Sefiioiis of the Justices of the Peace, or at the Assizes in any County, or County of a Town, or c ity, in Ireland; and it shall be lawful for the Court before whom any such Penalty shall be recovered, to order the Offender to be committed to Gaol in case of Non-payment thereof, there to remain for any Time in the Discretion of such Court, or until such Fine or Forfeiture be fully paid and satisfied.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Conviction made or alledged to be made by any Justice of the Peace, nor any Proceeding before such Justice, or before any Justices of the Feice at the Quarter Sessions, nor any Sentence or Order given or made, or alledged to be given or made, by any such Justice or Justices, under or by virtue of this Act, shall be removed by Writ of Certiorari out of the County, City Town, or Place wherein such Conviction or Proceeding shall have been had or made, into any Court whatsoever; and that no Writ of Certiorari shall supersede Execution or other Proceedin s upon any Conviction, Order, or Sentence made or given in.urluance of this Act, but that Execution and other Proceedings shall be had and made thereupon, any such Writ of Certiorari or Allowance thereof notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate in Ireland, who shall neglect or refuie, in any In'iance, to carry the said Acts, or any of them, or this Act, into Execution, upon a proper Application made to him, shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, British Currency, for every such Neglect or Refusal, to be recovered by Action of Debt Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any Court of Record in Ireland, by the Person who shall have made such Application, in which no Essoign* Protection, Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed 5 and the Money recovered by such Action shall be applied, a to One Half thereof, to the Use of the Person suing for the fame, and the other Half shall be paid to the MinrJer, Rector, or Churchwarden of the Parish wherein such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate shall relide, for the Use of the Poor therein.

A.D. 1807.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. C. 11, 12. 143

Condition of Bteweis Bonds

not to utc TAW Coin, repealed* (See 47 G. } tt. 1, 0.354 11.)

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to repeal, alter, or take Penalties may my any of the Ways or Methods, Powers or Authorities, appointed, directed, or expressed in the said recited Acts. cr any of them, for the raising, levying, collecting, paying, filing for, recovering* and applying all arid or jccacd Act*. every the Fines, Penalties, and Forfeiture* inflicted by the said Acts, or any of them; and that a 1 such Fines,

Penalties, and Forfeitures shall and may be raised, levied, collected, paid, sued for, recovered, and applied, eirher in such Manner as is by this Act directed, or in such Manner, and by and under such Ways and Means, and under such Powers and Authorities as are expressed and enabled in the said recited Acts, or any of them.

V. And be it further enacted, That so much and such Part of the said recited A £1 of the Forty-seventh Year, intituled, An Act to securt the Payment of the Duties on Licences granted to Persons in Ireland dealing in Exciseable Commoditiesi as requires Part of the Condition of the Bond, to be entered into by any Person licensed to brew Strong Beer, Porter, or Ale, or Small Beer, for Sale, to be, that such Brewer shall not use any raw or unmalted Corn in brewing any Beer, Porter, Ale, or Small Beer, shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

CAP. XII.

An Act to make further Regulations with respect to Licences for the Sale of Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail in Ireland.

[25 th Juh807.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make further Regulations with respect to Licences for the Sale of9v v Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail in Ireland / be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the passing of this Act, an Act made in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament for regulating Licences for the rt^ea c Sale of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, and Cyder by Retail, in Ireland, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That an Act made in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign; 45 C?. 3. c. >0. intituled, An Act for regulating Licences for the Sale of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, and Cyder by Retail, and for discouraging the immoderate Use of Spirituous Liquors in Ireland, and all Clauses, Prorifions, and Regula- spiiits, &c. dons therein contained, (except so far as the fame arc altered by this Act) shall extend and be construed to Portei, extend to all Licences for the Sale by Retail of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Porter, or Ale, Cyder or Perry, &c.

Metheglin or Metd, which shall be granted at any Time after the passing of this Act, and to all Persons who shall at any Time after the passing of this Act fell by Retail any Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Porter or Ale,

Cyder or Perry', Metheglin or Mead, or either of them, as fully and effectually to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes, as if Porter, Perry, Metheglin, and Mead, bad been mentioned and included in the said recited Act of the Forty-fifth Year aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Person or Persons who shall fell by himself, herself, or themselves, Who shall be orby any Person employed by him, her, or them, oradlingfor his, her, or their Benefit, either within his, her, deemed

or their House, Outhouse, or Building, or within any Hut, Tent, or other Place whatever, or to be consumed cUicr, < fif: where, Spirituous Liquors in h fs Quantity at one Time than Two Gallons mixed or unmixed with Water,

Sugar, or other Ingredients, or Beer, Ale, or Porter, or Cyder or Perry, or Metheglin or Mead, in less Quantity than a Quarter of a Barrel, or Wine in less Quantity than One Gallon, (Sellers of Bottled Beer, Ale, or Porter, or of Bottled Cyder, Terry, Metheglin, or Mead excepted, who shall fend the fame abroad and not fell any to be consumed in their own Floufes, ) shall be deemed to be Retailors and to sell the same by Retail within the Meaning of the said recited Ati of the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and of this present Act, and shall be subject and liable to all the Regulations in the said Acts contained; and if not duly licensed shall be subject to all and singular the Penalties and Disabilitica enabled against Persons selling Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, or C) derby Retail, without Licence, by the said recited Act; any Thing in the Lid recited Act, or in any other Act o* Acts in force in Ireland, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties to which any Person shall be subjrvt by virtue of the said 450*3!*.50^55.

recited Acth of the Forty-fifth Year for buying or obtaining Spirituous Liquors in any less Quantity than Four fli.nl extend o.uy GriL.s, shall extend only to, or be enforced against any Person or Persons buying or obtaining Spirituous Liquors, u> Buyers of /e is in Manner in the said Add mentioned, in any less Quantity tinn Two Gallons. ihantwoG^llorr.

V. And be it further enacted, That from a.id after the Expiration of Ten Days after the passing of thisA6l, All Licences for ill Licences to sell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, or Porter, Cyder or berry, Metheglin or Mead, by reeling Spuiti, Retail, in any Part of I el >nd, shall be granted and grantable by Distributors of Stamps or other Persons ^c* appointed by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland only, and by no other Person or Diitribu-urj^ Persons whomsoever, any Thing in the said recited A cl of the Forty-fifth Year to the contrary notwith-

standing; and that every Clerk of the Peace shall and he is hereby required to give in lieu of any Licence as required by tncsaidA6l a Certificate in the Form following, to even' Person entitled under the Provisions of tic said Act\ to receive a Licence, imrncdia: ely upon Demand made by such Person or Persons.

' 7 //. ft. Clerk of the Peace of do certify that I have filed the Security entered Ortificntej

' i to by C\ZX (or by C.D. and E. F.) according to Law; and that he (file, or they] is [or are] duly

cntirLd to receive a Licence for selling Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, or Porter, Cyder or Perry, of^e\o pjnie*

or Mead, by Retail at in the Parish of [or, if extra Parochial, in the rntfded to U

' Townlaudof I in this County, [vounty of a Town or City, or Distriel of the Metropolis, Ikcmtii.

as the Case may be,] until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and

' [mentioning the Tear], Dated this Day of One thousand eight

1 hundred and A.B. Clerk of the Peace for

And

On Pr<M^urtion tA' such Certificate Snmp Distributur tlui) tguiil Licet.cc.

Licence shall hear D.ite when itlwcd, apd fb.il not be in force ut ay prior D y, Penalty tool.

IVrfonj retailing: without a JL ice nee in force shall be liable Penalties.

Clerk of Pence shall l»e subject to fame Redactions, and Regulations as to granting Ortifi-otts anti ti inU Tn'ilting Lids.thrreot .t> with leaped so i terner* uurler 4! O ? c.; d.

§ l8 20. Licences to fell L'quors »t Fairs shall be granted by St ni DitUii'Oior ln»U..d c»f Kxc; fe Co'U t ier, u.uler 4 > G. 3. c. 50. i '4*

Snmp

Dilbihutofs thall make Monthly Re! urns of Licences gran led

C. 12. 47' GEORGII III. Sess. 2. A.D. 1807.

And in every Certificate which shall be given by a Clerk of the Peace within the District of the Metropolis of Dublin, the following Words shall be added immediately before the Date thereof, viz. 4 and that the fupevintendant Magistrate has certified that the said C.D. [or C.D. and E.F.] is [or, are] a proper PerioR 4 [or, Persons) to be so liceiifed/

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Distributor of Stamps or other Person so appointed by the said Commissioners of Stamps to whom such Certificate shall be produced, shall immediately upon Demand of a Licence pursuant thereto, and on Payment of the Stsmp Duties chargeable thereupon, give a Licence in Manner following, that is to say; an exadft Copy of such*Certificate shall be made on a Piece of Parchment duly /lamped, and underneath it on the fame Parchment, a Licence shall be given in the Words following, that is to say:

C D. of Tor, C.D. and E.F. of ] is [or, arc] 1 icensed

14 to fell by Retail SpiritucAis Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale and Porter, Cyder and Perry, Metheglia and Mead until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and [mentioning the l-car]

4 at pursuant to the above Certificate. Dated this Day of

One thousand eight hundred and

Cr. I/* Distributor of Stamps for; or Officer appointed for the Purpose of

granting Licences to Retail Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale and Porter, Cyder and Perry, Metheglin and Mead.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every such Licence shall hear Date on the Day on which such Distributor or other Person shall sign the fame, and shall not be in force prior to such Day; and such Licence shall commence and be in force from the Twenty-ninth Day of Sepimber next ensuing the Day of the Date thereof; unless the Twenty-ninth Day of September mentioned in such Licence for the Expiration thereof, shall be less than Twelve Months from the L)ay of the Date thereof; in which Case such Licenceshall commence and be in force on and from the Day of the Date thereof, and not at any other Time; and if any Distributor or other Person appointed as aforesaid, shall date any Licence on any othcnDay than the Day on which he shall sign the fame, or shall sign the fame before he shall have received the full Amount of Stamp Duties payable thereon, or shall give any Licence contrary to, or not authorized by Law, he shall forfeit the Sum oi One hundred Pounds, and shall be incapable of holding any Office under the Cornu i(lionets of Stamp Duties, or under any Commissioners for collecting or managing any other Part of His Majesty's Revenues.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person in Ireland shall fell any Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or Porter, Cyder or Perry. Metheglin or Mead, without haring a Licence in force for that Purpose, nt the Time of felling the fame, every such Person being duly convicted thereof shall forfeit and incur the

Several Sums of Money, Penalties, and Forfeitures, in the said recited Act of the Forty-fifth Year aforesaid mentioned and contained with respect to Persons selling Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, or Cyder, by Retail, without being licensed in Manner required by the said recited Act; and no Licence shall be deemed a sufficient Licence under any of the Provisions in the said recited Act or in this present Act contained, except such Licence as shall have been in force at the Time of the Sale of any Spirituous or other Liquors concerning which any Complaint shall be made, or at the Time when View of the Licence shall have been demanded by any Magistrate or Officer under the Provisions in the said recited Act contained; and such Magi (Irate and Officer are hereby required from Time to Time to enter and demand such View in such Manner as by the said recited Act is directed and allowed.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every Clerk of the Peace who shall give any such Certificate shall be entitled to demand and receive the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence British Currency for his Expence and Trouble therein; and that if any Clerk of the Peace shall give or i/Tuea Certificate in any Case wherein he would not have been authorized by the said recked Act of the Forty-fifth Year to have issued a Licence, he shall be and is hereby made subject to the like Forfeitures as if such Certificate had been a Licence; and every such Certificate so given and every Licence granted by any Distributor in consequence of such Certificate shall be and is hereby declared to be null and void; and every* Clerk of the Peace shall transmit to the Excise and Siamp Offices in Dublin respectively a true and accurate Lift of all Certificates issued by him respectively, and the Dates thereof, and the Namej of the Persons to whom the same shall have been given, and the Places mentioned therein for the Sale of Spirituous and other Liquors, in like Manner and under like Regulations and Forfeiture! as are contained in the said Act respecting the transmitting a List of Licences.

X. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the passing of this Act the Duty payable in respect of any Licence to sell Spirituous or other Liquors by Retail, at any Fair in Ireland, shall he paid and payable to soir.e Distributor of Stamps or Person appointed by the Commissioners of Stamp Dut ies in the County in which such Fair shall he licld, and not to any Collector of Excise or other Person, any Thingin the said recited Act of the Forty-fifth Year to the contrary notwithstanding; and every such Payment so made to such Distributor or Person so appointed shall have the fame Force, Validity, and Effect, in ill respects whatsoever, as if made to the Collector of Excise of the Liftridl in which such Fair shall be held; and such Dhtribi.cor or other Person so appointed shall certify such Payment upon the Foot or Back of such Licence in such Manner as the said Collector of Excise is by the said recited Act authorized and required to do, and shall Le entitled to demand and receive the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence British Currency for his Trouble therein.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every Distributor of Stamps or other Person appointed by the said Commissionrs of Stamps to grant Licences for retailing Spirituous or other Liquors shall from Time to Time, on the l'irst Day of every Month, or within Three Days after, and at all such other Times as he shall be thereto required, by Notice signed by any Commissioner of Excise or by any Commissioner of Stamps, transmit to the

7 Excise

A.D. 1807.

470 GEORGII III. Sess. 2.

C l 2.

145

Excise and Stamp Offices in Dublin respectively, a true and accurate Lift of all Licences issued by them hyffiem, to

respectively under and by virtue of this Act in the Month preceding, or during such Period as fluff! he required E, c'*c nnf?

of them, with the Date of such Licences, the Names of the Persons licensed, and their Sureties, and the Maces Suml)

where they shall be licensed to fell, and the Amount of the Stamp Duty paid on such Licences respectively;

and every such Distributor or other Person to he appointed as aforesaid shall in like Manner transmit to the said

Excise and Stamp Offices an Account of all such Sum and Sums of Money as shall have been received by

such Distributor, or other Person to he appointed as aforesaid, in respect of Licences by Magistrates for felling

it Fairs or Encampments; and every such Distributor or other Person to he appointed as aforesaid who shall

refuse or neglect to return inch Lift within Three Days after the First Day of every Month or within Ten

Days after such Notice as aforesaid shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds Bnt'ifo

Currency.

XII. And be it further enacted, That so much and such Part of the said recited Act of the Forty-fifth Year, 45C 3 c.p D*. as requires the Attendance of a Distributor of Stamps, or other Person, at any Special or General Sessions or icquuing Atim-other Places in Inland, for the Supply of stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper for such Licences, and as

allows any Sum of Money to such Distributor or other Person for his Trouble in such Attendance, shall be njjn^&c'1 and the fame is hereby repealed; and that every Distributor of Stamps, or Person appointed for that Purpose repealed, by the Commissioners of Stamp Duties, shall, for every Licence which he shall give pursuant to this Act, be entitled to receive, and (hal receive the Sums following over and above the several Stamp Duties on such Licences; AlDwrmee* t<* that is to say, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence Currency, if the Stamp on such Licence does not Dirtributoi*

exceed Eleven Pounds like Currency; and the Sum of Five Shillings like Currency, if such Stamp Duty shall licence' exceed Eleven Pounds like Currency; which said Sums of Two Shillings and Sixpence and Five Shillings respectively, shall be in lieu of all Per-Centages, and of any Allowance whatever which such Distributor or other Person might otherwise claim or receive from the Commissioners of Stamp Duties, or gtberwife for the Sale of the Stamps on such Licences.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Distributor of Stamps or Person appointed by the said perTalryo*

Commissioners of Stamps f r the Purposes of this Act, shall demand, take, or receive, directly or indirectly, Diilriburor, &c. by hirafelf or any other Person employed by him or acting on his Behalf, any Fee or Fees for doing his Duty *k, nS otlltr under this Act, or under the said recited Acts, other than is allowed to him by the said recited Act of the aHoVca'b Forty-fifth Year aforesaid, or this Act, or shall refuse to till up or give any Licence or Certificate required to be io

given by him for the Purpose of carrying this Act or the said recited Act into Execution, upon being paid the

Amount of Stamp Duty chargeable thereon respectively, together with the Sum of Money which he is by this Act entitled to demand and receive for his own Use, such Distributor or other Person shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds British Currency, to any Person who shall sue for the fame, and shall be and he is hereby declared incapable of ever after acting as a Distributor of Stamps or Officer under the Commissioners of Stamps.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That any Grocer or Person exercising by himself or herself, or by any one Grocers may be for his or her own Use or Benefit, the Trade or Business of a Grocer, or who shall he licensed as a Grocer, or been.eel m

in whose House, or in any Building occupied by him or her, or any House or Building adjoining thereto, and ^rcd »oc?# which shall communicate .with such House or Building, the Trade or Business of a Grocer shall be carried on, in any Place where the Stamp Duty to be paid for a Licence to sell Spirituous or other Liquor? by Retail shall not be less than Twenty-two Pounds, shall be capable of being licensed in such Place to retail Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, or Porter, Cyder or Perrys Methcglin or Mead; and shall not be liable to any Penalty or Disability under the said recited Act of the Forty-fifth Year aforesaid, on account of such Person not being a Victualler, Innkeeper, or Tavern keeper, any Thing in the said recited Act, or any Thing required to be imertedin any Bond to be given by Persons so licensed under the said recited Act or this Act to the contrary' notwithstanding; and the Words requiring that the Person so licensed shall keep a Victualling House,

Inn, or Tavern, during the Time such Licence shall be in force, and shall be constantly provided with Strong Beer, Ale or Porter, and Victuals of good and found Quality for Sale by Retail, and shall supply all Travellers who shall require it, with such Victuals and Beer, Ale and Porter, at reasonable Rates, shall be omitted or struck out from the Bond to be given by such Grocer, being so licensed to retail Spirituous or other L'quors under this Act: Provided always, that it shall not be lawful for any such Grocer or Person exercising the but fluII nst Trade or Business ef a Grocer as aforesaid, and having a Licence for retailing Spirituous or other Liquors, to retail Ms than fell any Spirituous Liquors, in any Quantity less than Two reputed Quarts, nor to fell any Spirituous Liquors, Two Quart* of Wine, Beer, Ale or Porter, Cyder or Perry', Methcglin or Mead, to be consumed in the House, Outhouse, Spirits, mir^awy Building, Hut, Tent, or Place whatever occupied by such Grocer or Person exercising the said Trade or Business; and any Inch Grocer or other Person as aforesaid, who shall fell any such Spirituous Liquors in Quantities less than Two Quarts, or shall fell any Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or Porter, Cyder or Perry, Mcihegliii or Mead, to be consumed in any House, Outhouse or Building, Hut, Tent, or Place whatever, occupied by such Grocer contrary to this Act, shall for every such Off ence forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds, and shall be considered a Person felling such Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, or Porter, Cyder, Perry.

Methcglin or Mead, without Licence, and shall be subject and liable to all and every the Penalties by the said recited Act and this Act imposed on Persons felling the fame without Licence.

XV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person licensed to fell by Retail Spirituous Liquors, Wine,

Beer, Ale, or Porter, Cyder or Perry, Methcglin or Mead, under the said recited Act of the Forty-fifth Year aforesaid or this Act, shall happen to die during the Continuance of the Licence granted to such Person, and the Place mentioned in such Licence for such selling by Retail, shall defeend to or otherwise be in the Possession of the Heir of such Person so dying, it shall and may be lawful for the Heir of such Person who shall become possessed «f the House or Place in which such Person shall have been licensed so to sell the same, or for the Assignee of such

47 Geo. III. U Heir,

be Vicuullets;

See 4* G. 3. c. 5o. §9.

Liquor to be continued id tilth licufes.

IIe: rs m.av the B-ni fit of Licrn.'es aswdi os Executor*, under 45 G 3. c. 50. f 23.

t+6

C. 12.

47 GEORG 11 III. Sess. 2. A.D. 1807.

Heir, to continue to fell by Retail Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or Porter, Cyder or Perry, Metheglin or Mead, in such House or Place until the Expiration of the Term for which such Licence shall have been granted, in like Manner and upon the like Conditions, and under the like Restrictions as the Executor or Admiui-strator of such Person so dying, or his Alligr.ee, may do under or by virtue of the said recited Act of the Forty-fifth Year aforesaid.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no Person in Ireland shall fell any Spirituous Liquors by Retail

Li* u ou^onU0U*between the Hours of Twelve of tl.e Clock on Saturday Night, and Twelve of the Clock on Sunday Night, nor

Sunday*; °or shall^Retail any Wine, Beer, Ale or Porter, Cyder or Perry, Metheglin or Mead, on a Sunday before

Beer, &c. Two of the Clock in the afternoon, except to Travellers; and if any Spirituous or other Liquors shall be so

before Two fold on a Sunday contrary to this Act, every Person felling the fame, or on whose Behalf such Spirituous or

other Liquors shall be sold, shall for every Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds 5 to be paid, One Moiety to the Use of the Prosecutor, and the other Moiety to the Churchwardens of the Parish in which the Offence shall have hecn committed, for the Use of the Poor of such Parish.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace, and for any

Chief or High Constable, and for the Commissionm of Customs and Port Duties, and for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, and for the Commissioners of Stamps in Ireland, and for any Officer appointed by or acting under the said Commissioners of Cullcms, Excise, or Stamps respectively, and every Justice, Chief or

Stamps, and their High Constable, and every such Commissioner and Officer, is and are hereby authorized and required from Time

Penalty for

o'Cluck. on Sunday, 5l.

lattices of Peace, Cordables, Connniflio«'Crs of Excise and

Officers, may entei Huufcs, and require to fee Licences for retailing, and seize Liquors, &c.

Overseers of Public k. Houset may be elected in every Parish who shall have the fame Power as Constables, itc.

to Time, and at all Times in the Day-time, to enter into and upon any House, Shop, Store-room, or other Building, or any Booth or Shed, Hut, Tent, Stall, or Place in which or where any Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or Porter, Cyder or Perry, Metheglin or Mead, shall be sold by Retail, and thereto demaod a View of the Licence for such Sale; and if the Occupier of such House, Shop, More-room, Building, Booth, Shed, Hut, Tent, Stall, or Place, shall not on Demand produce a Licence in force for the Sale by Retail of such Spirituous or other Liquors, all Spirituous and other Liquors which shall be found in or at such House, Shop, Store-room, Building, Booth, Shed, Hut, Tent, Stall, or Place, and all Vessels containing the fame* and all Vessels used for measuring or drinking the fame, shall be forfeited; and the same shall and may be seized by such Justice of the Peace, Chief or High Constable, Commissioner, or Officer respectively, and the Occupier of such House, Shop, Store-room, Building, Booth, Shed, Hut, Tent, Stall, or Place, shall be deemed an unlicensed Retailer of Spirituous Liquors, and shall be liable to all Penalties to which Persons are subject under the said recited Act of the Forty-fifth Year, or this Act, for retailing Spirituous or other Liquors, without Licence; and such Liquors and Vessels shall and may be proceeded against and condemned, in like Manner as Goods and Chattels seized and forfeited finder any Act or Acts relating to the Revenue of Excise in Ireland, may be seized and condemned by virtue of any such Act or Acts

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Parishioners of the several Parishes in Ireland in Veilry assembled, Twice in every Year, or oftener if necessary, to appoint such Number of Persons as to them shall seem meet, to be Overseers of Persons licensed for Sale of Spirituous and other Liquors within every such Parish respectively; and every Overseer so appointed shall have like Powers and Authorities for entering such Houses as any Constable or other Peace Officer, hath or may have by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act: And every Person not admitting any such Overseer, shall be subject to like Penalties as Persons not admitting any Magistrate or Constable, a2-c subject to by the said recited Act and this Act; and in case any such Overseer shall find any Persons, not being Inmates of such Houses, entertained therein between the Hours of Twelve at Night and Seven in the Morning, on any Day of the Week e cept Sunday, or at any Time whatever on a Sunday, any such Overseer may proceed to remove such Persons in such Manner as any Magistrate or Constable is by the said recited Act empowered to do, provided that no Person dealing in Spirituous Liquors shall vote at any such Vestry, or be appointed an Overseer.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all Orders given by the Lord Mayor of the City of Dublin, or by any Two Magistrates of the County of Dublin, pursuant to the said recited Act of the Forty-fifth Year, for Licences to be issued for the Sale by Retail of Spirituous or other Liquors within the District of the Metropolis, shall be entered into Books to be kept by the Clerks of the Peace for the said City and County respectively, and such Books shall be open at all Times for the Inspection of any Magistrate, and of the Commissioners of Inland

Dublin, shall be Excise and Taxes, and their Officers, and the Commissioners for managing His Majesty's Stamp Duties, and rntered in Books, their Officers, without Fee or Reward; and the Superintendant Magistrate in the City of Dublin shall like wife enter into a Book, to be kept by him for the Purpose, every Certificate which he shall give. Hating that the Person therein named, is a proper Person to be licensed, and such Book shall be open at all Times for the Inspection of any Magistrate, and of the said several Commissioners and their Officers respectively; and such Superintendant Magistrate shall, within Two Days after he shall give any such Certificate, deliver or cause to be delivered an Abstract thereof to the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and .Taxes, and to the said Commissioners of Stamps respectively.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties under the said recited Act of the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and under this Act, shall be paid and payable according to the Amount thereof in British Currency; and that any and every Penalty and Forfeiture under the said recited Act, or this Act, not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds Briti/Jj Currency, shall and may be recovered before any One Justice of the Peace in Ireland within his Jurisdiction, in Manner directed by the said recited Act: And that all Penalties and Forfeitures under the said recited Act, or this Act, exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds, may be recovered

§ 41, 41, )by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any Court of Record in Ireland, in Manner d.reftedby the

Good^forfcutd recite(J Act; and that all Spirituous Liquors, and all Goods or Chattels seized and forfeited under the

demned as under said recited Act, or tins Act, shall and may be proceeded against and condemned in like Manner as Goods and

©rders for Licences by L'.'rri Mayor, &c. amlOrlificatcsof Supertntcndant Magistrate of

kept for the Int portion of the M.igirtrates and Commissionerif Excise and S lumps.

Penalties payable in Britishi Currency, if under 20l. before one Justice, over 20l. by Action. (^450.3.0.50

Excift Laws. Chattels seized and forfeited under any Act or Acts relating to the Revenue of Excise in Ireland.

{See 45 G. 3«c. 50. $ 39, 40.) CAPi

A.D. 1807.

47 GEORGII III. Sess. 2

C. 13. 147

CAP. XIII.

An Act to suppress Insurrections, and prevent the Diiturbance of the Public Peace in belaud.

[ill August 1807.]

WHEREAS tumultuous Insurractions have from Time to Time existed in various Parts of Ireland, prin-

cipally promoted and supported by PeHonsaffociating under the pretended Obligation «f Oaths unlaw.

fully administered: And Whereas it is expedient thnt the Provisions of a certain Act of Parliament, pa fled in

1 Ireland in the Thirty-sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intit ukd, An Act more ffeftu.d!y to juppi t* I'fur- ».ifh Act«

I redient, and prevent the Dislurbar.ee of the Public Peace; and of an Act passed in »hr Thirty-ieveulh Year of G- 3 c. 20.

' the Reign of His Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain an Act passed in the Thirty-sixth Tar cf His Majesty's 37 G 3- c. 3$.

' htiyi, intituled, 'An Act more effctin ally to suppress Irfurreftions, and prevent the lHfur lance of the Pul lie I ecre

and of an Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty intituled, An Act for continuing 38 G. 3, c. ai.

an Act passed in the Thirtyftxth Tear of IHs Majesty's Reign, intituled, 'An Act more effectual y to fjprrfs Infur-

II rest'ms, and prevent the Disturbance uf the Public Peace; and also of an Act, passed in the Ti irty-seventh 1 Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to explain an Act passed in the Thirty-f xth Year of His Majesty's 1 Rctpi intituled An Act more effectually to jupprffs Injur re ft'v.ns, and prevent the Disturbance of the Public Peace; 9

and also of an Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for amending o t c % i

an Act passed in the Thirty sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty, intituled An Act mo e effectually to supp> efs M Infu reftions, and prevent the Disturbance of the Public Peace should be repealed, and thac the said Provisions

should be amended and consolidated be it enacted by the King'* most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, ccafe from and by the Authority of the same, That the said Acts, and every Matter and Thing therein contained, shall, 31st July 1807: from and after the Thirty-Aril Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seven, ceufe and determine.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That any Prosecution or Prosecutions, Pro- Except ai to ceedingor Proceedings, which 1ms or have been, or may be before, on, or after, the said Thirty-ftrff Day of

July One thousand eight hundred and seven, commenced or carried on, for or on account of any Crimes, beSrc*} ift Offences, Mattersor Things done or committed at any Time on or before the said Thirty-first Day of July One July i; cy. thousand eight hundred and seven, against the Provisions of the said recited Acts, or any of them, rnay be prosecuted and carried on, and Judgement and Execution may be given and done thereon, according to the Directions and under the Authority of the said recited Acts; and that the said recited Acts shall, as to any such Proceedings, Prosecution, Judgement, and Execution, respectively, but not farther or other wise, be and remain, and are hereby declared to be and remain iti full Force and Effect.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person or Persons who shall administer or cause Penalty of to he administered, tender or cause to be tendered, or be present aiding and addling at the administering or Felony on tendering, or who shall by Threats, Promises, Persuasions, or other undue Means, cause, procure, or induce Pc fjn*

to be taken, by any Person or Persons in Ireland, upon a Book or otherwise, any Oath or Engagement Nuking O^Ut importing to bind the Person or Persons taking the same to be of r.ny Association, Brotherhood, Committee, f(ir tC(llljoUt Society, or Confederacy whatsoever, in reality formed or to b.' formed for seditious Purposes, or to diilurb the Purpous:

Public Peace, or to injure the Persons or Property of any Person or Persons whatsoever, or to compel any Trmfjyjrtation Person or Persons whatsoever to do or omit or refuse to do any Act or Acts whatsoever, tinder whatever Name, fa

Deiciiptinn, or Pretence such Association, Brotherhood, Committee, Society, or Confederacy shall assume, or SJcn Year* 00 [t tend to be formed or constituted; or any Oath or Engagement importing to bind the Person taking the fame the Takers, to oI*cv the Orders, or Rules or Commands of any Committee or other Body of Men, not lawfully constituted, or of any Captain, Leader, or Commander not appointed by or under the Authority of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors), or to assemble at the Desire or Command of any such Captain, Leader, Commander or Committee, or of any Person or Persons not having lawful Authority, or not to inform or give Evidence against any Brother, Affotiate, Confederate, or other Person, or not to reveal or discover his or her having taken any illegal Oath, or not to reveal or discover any illegal Act done or to he done, or not to discover any illegal Oath or Engagement which may be administered or tendered to him or her, or the Import thereof, whether such Oath itiall hr afterwards so administered or tendered or not, or whether he or she shall take such Oath, or enter i to such Engagement or not. being by due Course of Law convicted thereof, shall be adjudged guftty of Klo.v, and he t ran (ported for Life; and eve: v Person who fli 11 take, in I eland, any such Oath or Engagement importing so to hind him or her as nforcfnkl, and being by due Course of Law thereof convicted, shall be adjudged guilty cf Felony, and he traufpnrted for Seven Years.

IV. Provided always, Tim any Person or lVrfcns who may nave been compelled by inevitable Necessity to shall

Crtmnit any of the Offences aforesaid, upon Proof of Inch inevitable Necoflity shall he excused and justified;

Provided that no such inevitable Necessity shall jtiflify or oxcule any such Person or Persons, unless, he, Ihe, or lUcy inform*11*they shall, within Ten Days, if not prevented by actual Force or Sickness, and then within Seven Days after a jufllct. ther«jf such actual Force or Sickness shall ce; »fe to difihle Inin, lies or them to give Information of the fame, disclose in Time and to One of Kis Majesty's Justices of the Peace in the County in which he, she, or they shall then be, by M.mna Kctda Information on Oath, the Whole of what he, she, or they know touching the compelling him, her. or them, mc, twne* tocowrrit any such Offence, and of the Person or Perf r.s by whom lie, (he, or they were compelled to commit such Offence, and who were present at the Time such Offence was committed, and of the Place where the fame wai committed: Provided, however, that no Person shall be so excluded from the Defence of inevitable iveeliity, who shall he tried for the said Offence within the said Period of Ten Days from the Commission of Lch Offence, or of Seven Pays from the Ti:; c when such Force or Sickness shall ctafe as aforesaid.

D: V. And

148 c. T3- 47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. A.D. 1807.

Aiders and A terrors deemed

Principals, &c.

Purport of Oath fuflkient in Indictment.

fnform'»tions 01 Persons whu shall lodge Examinations, and shall be murdered or maimed, or kept by Fuice from Trids, shall be admitted as Evidence.

Where aWitness, M igitbatc, &c. Hull be mdined or imn di red, on acc unt of Evidence, or Excitiow, Grand Jury may present a Sum for such Person or their Representati'.e.

Magistrates may arreli Strangers, and examine them on O »th, and transmit Report to Lord Leuteuant.

Two Justices in (y cause Cicrk of the Pc«<ce ro fttmmon a ipccial Scifiou, to confi hr the Stafc of County, Lc,

Justices aftimhled at such SvtTin may figmfy by Mmiou.iJ to Lord Lieutenant th.it the County is didu 1 lx.d, ot ill Danger of bein)' (u.

Lend Lieutenant and Council

V. And be it further enacted, That all Persons present aiding and assisting at the administering or tendering of any such Oath or Engagement, and all Persons ca lling any such Oath or Engagement to be administered or tendered, though not present, shall be deemed principal Offender*, and tried as such, though the Person or Persons who actually administered or tendered such Oath or Engagement shall not have been tried or convicted.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be necessary in any indictment to be found against any Person for administering, tendering, or taking such Oath or Engagement, to set out the Words of such Oath or Engagement, and that it shall be sufficient to set forth therein the Purport or Object of such Oath or Engagement.

VII.*And whereas in several Instances Persons who have given Information against Persons accused of Crimes

in Ireland, nnVC bc?n murdered before Trial of Persons accused, in order to prevent their giving Evidence, and

to effect the Acquittal of the Accused be it declared and enacted, That if any Person who hath given or shall give Information or Examination upon Oath against any Person or Persons, for any Offence against the Laws, hath been, or shall, before the Trial or Trials of the Person or Persons respectively against whom such Information or Examination hath been or shall be given, be murdered or violently put to death, or so maimed or forcibly carried away and ferreted as not to be able to give Evidence on the Trial or the Person or Persons against whom such Information or Examination were given; the Information or Examination of such Person so taken on Oath shall be admitted in all Courts of Justice in Ireland, as Evidence on the Trial or Trials of the Person or Persons respectively against whom such Information or Examination was given: Provided always, That the Information or Examination of aWitness secreted shall not be Evidence, unless it shall be found on a collateral I flue, to be put to the Jury trying the Prisoner, that the Person so secreted was secreted by the Person then on Trial, or by some Person or Persons acting for him or her, or in his or her Favour.

Vltl. And be it further enacted, That if it shall appear that any Person, having given Information or Evidence against any Person or Persons charged with any Offence against the Public Peace, shall have been murdered or maimed, previous to the Trial of the Person or Persons accused by such Information or Evidence, or of any of them, or on account of any such Evidence given, or that any Magistrate or other Peace Officer shall be murdered or maimed on account of his Exertions as such Magistrate or Peace Officer to bring Disturbers of the Public Peace to Justice, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Grand Jury of the County, County of a Town, or County of a City within which such Murder or Maiming shall have been committed respectively, to present such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think just and reasonable, to be paid to the personal Representative of such Witness, Magistrate, or Peace Officer, who shall be murdered, or to such Witness, Magistrate, or Peace Officer, who shall be maimed, having regard to the Rank, Degree, Situation, and Circumstances of such Witness, Magistrate, or Peace Officer, to be raised on the County at large, Barony, Half Barony, or Parish, in which such Murder or Maiming shall respectively have been perpetrated, at the Discretion of such Grand Jury.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace in Ireland to arrest and bring before him, or cause to be arrested or brought before him, any Stranger sojourning or wandering, and to examine him or her on Oath respecting his or her lace of Abode, the Place from whence he or she came, his or her Manner of Livelihood, and his or her Object or Motive for remaining or coming into the County, City, or Town, in which he or she shall be found; and unless lie or she shall answer to the Satisfaction of such Magistrate, or produce sufficient Security for his or her good Behaviour, such Magistrate shall commit him or her to Gaol or the House of Correction, there to remain until he shall find such Security as aforesaid, or until he or file be discharged by such Magistrate, or by the Means herein after mentioned: Provided always, that such Magistrate shall, without Delay after such Committal, transmit a true and faithful Report thereof, and the Grounds and Reasons thereof, the Amount of Bail required, with the Examination of the l rifoner, and the Reasons alledged by him why he or she should not be committed, which such Magistrate is required to take down in Writing, to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, for the i ime being, in order that such Person may be detained or discharged, ax to him may seem right

X.*And in order to reffore Peace to such Parts of Irelan I as are or may be diilurbed as aforesaid by seditious

Persons, and to preserve the Peace in Counties which may be in immediate Danger of being diilurbed; be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two Justices of the Peace in any County, or County of a City, or Town, in Ireland, to direct, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, the Clerk of the Peace thereof to summon an extraordinary Sess. on of the Peace to be holden therein at such Place and at such Time as they shall deem expedient, not iconer than Forty-eight Hours after such Diirtiion shall have been delivered to such Clerk of the Peace, in order to consider the State of such County, Town, or City; and thereupon such Clerk of the Peace shall forthwith post Notice thereof on the Door of the Court Piotife of such County, Town, or City, and cause, as far as in him lies, every Justice of the Peace of such County, Town, or City, who shall he resident therein, to be summoned to fiuh Sessions, in serving which Summons every Constable, Sub-Constable, and Sheriff s Bailiff is hereby required to obey, and be aiding and assisting such Clerk of the Peace; and that the Justices assembled in consequence not being fewer than Seven in a County at large, or than Three in a County of a Town or City, or the major Part of such Justices respectively, shall and may, if they shall see fit, upon due Confederation of the State of the County, signify, by Memorial signed by them, to the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, that they consider their County, or any Part thereof, to be in a Slate of Disturbance, or immediate Danger of becoming so, and the Grounds and Reasons of such tlu ir Opinion, and praying that the Lord Lieutenant and Council may proclaim such County, or Part thereof, to be in a State of Disturbance, or in immediate Danger of becoming so; and thereupon it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, by and with the Advice of His Majesty's Privy Council

in

A.D. 1807.

47° GEORGII III'. Self; 2*

C13.

1, 49,

i« Ireland, if lie and they shall respectively think proper so to do, by Proclamation to declare such County, or m*y proclaim any Part of such County, to be in a State of Diflurbauce, or in immediate Danger of becoming so; as also such County^ Part as he and they shall think proper of any adjoining County; a Copy of which Proclamation shall be forthwith scat/of10*transmitted by the Clerk of the Privy Council to the Clerk of the Peace of every such County so mentioned Disturbance. therein, who mall thereupon, and he is hereby required forthwith to give Notice thereof to the several Magistrates, and to the Assistant Barrister of every such County, or to the Person duly qualified and empowered to act as Assistant Barrister therein, requiring their Attendance at the Special Sessions to be held as herein after mentioned, unless some Part of such County shall have been previously proclaimed under or by a Proclamation then in force, by virtue whereof the Special Sessions shall be then fitting from Day to Day, as herein after mentioned, in which Case he shall forthwith give such Notice to the Justices presiding at such Special Sessions, who shall thereupon, or as soon after as the said Court shall fit, cause such further Proclamation to be publicly read in open Court.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every such Proclamation shall warn the Inhabitants of every such Proclamation proclaimed County, or Part thereof, to be and remain within their Houses at all Hours between Sunset and j^bTnnts so Sunrise, from and after such Day as shall be named therein for that Purpose, under the Penalties by Law icrcpthrirHoufra established; and such Proclamation shall further order and direct that a Special Sessions of the Peace for every during N*ght such County, whereof the Whole or any Pail shall be so therein proclaimed, shall be held in such County, at such Time, &c. and Time and Mace as shall be therein named, not exceeding Seven Days from the Date of such Proclamation, and

such Special Sessions of the Peace shall be so held accordingly, and shall from thenceforth continue to fit so contimwUyfor long as such County, or any Part thereof, shall be proclaimed, and shall have Power to adjourn from Time to punishing Time, and from Place to Place within such County, as shall be found convenient; and the Clerk of the Peace Odcndcrj. in every such County is hereby required forthwith to cause such Proclamation to be published in all the public Newspapers printed within such County, and to cause One or more printed Copies thereof to be ported up in large legible Characters in all Market Towns within the said County, or such Part thereof as shall be so proclaimed; provided, however, that if any Part of such County shall have been previously proclaimed by or under any Proclamation then continuing in force, in the Whole or in Part, by reason whereof there shall he then a Court of Special Sessions of the Peace fitting under this Act from Day to Day in such County, then such Proclamation shall not make any Mention of such Special Sessions of the Peace in such County, but the said Special Sessions of the Peace so then fitting shall continue to fit, and shall take Cognizance of all Offences committed within such District or Part so newly proclaimed, in the same Manner in all respects as if such Sessions of the Peace were summoned and fitting by and under such latter Proclamation.

XII. And be it enacted, That every County, or Part of a County, so proclaimed, shall be considered, to From wfiat

all Intents and Purposes, as a proclaimed District, from the Day on which the Inhabitants thereof shall be ^7)1 required by the Proclamation to remain within their Houses between Sunset and Sunrise as aforesaid, and conridered as cot before. proclaimed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all Proclamations which shall be issued under this Act by the Lord proclamations Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, by and with the Advice of shall he

His Majesty's Privy Council as aforesaid, or have been heretofore issued, and shall hereafter be issued under the conducive said recited Acts, or any of them, or the Dublin Ga % ette, importing to contain a Copy of such Proclamations EVK, tnce respectively, shall be deemed and taken to be, and shall be conclurtve Evidence in all Courts of Civil or Criminal Junldidlion in Ireland, of all such Fadls as were or shall be necessary to authorize the issuing of such Proclamations as aforesaid; and even'such Proclamation shall be deemed and taken in all such Courts respectively, to all latcnts and Purposes whatsoever, to have been issued in Conformity to the several Provisions of this Act.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That after the issuing of such Proclamation, it shall and may be lawful for Lord Licuremn*. the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, and he or they is may appoint a and are hereby empowered and required, to drredl any one of His Majesty's Serjeants at Law, or of His Majesty's King'* Serjeant Counsel learned in the Law, in Ireland, if any such Serjeant or Counsel can be procured, to repair to any such or C, janfcl to County which, or any Part of which, shall be so proclaimed, and thereto continue and to presideat the said Sessior.s from Day to Day, in Manner herein after mentioned, so long as such County shall continue to be so proclaimed, unless sooner recalled or permitted to leave the fame by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief

Governor or Governors of Inland for the Time being; and that the Afflrtant Barrister of every such County, or such other Person as shall be duly qualified and empowered to do the Duty of an AlTillant Barrister therein, frail, on receiving such Notice as aforesaid, forthwith repair to such County, and shall continue in the said County, and be present at the said Sessions, in Manner herein after mentioned, so long as the said County, or r.v Part thereof, Ar/ll continue to be so proclaimed, so as that so long as any such County or any Part thereof tlvilbe proclaimed, there shall always be therein an Aflirtant Barrister, or Persons duly empowered to dise barge* th- Duties of the said Office.

XV. And be it eir.uTd, That it shall and may be lawful for fuel» Serjeant at Law, or Counsel learned in the Such Servant <r Lav/, to prelide in the hid Court of Sessions of the Peace as the Chief Judge thereof, and that such Court of Counsel ihai!

of the Peace shall, for the Purposes of this Act, and in all Proceedings under the fame, have and possess Prc|K, c as^Chicf all and every the Jurisdictions, Powers, and Authorities belonging and incident to a Court of Oyer and Terminer sTlKuiVft.WI and General Gaol Delivery, and shall proceed without any Grand Jury, and without any Bill found, to try any hjvcall pjw-ert Person or Persons who shall, by Information on Oath, taken before any Justice of the Peace of the County as Court of Oyer wherein Inch Court shall lit, and returned to the Clerk of the Peace for the said County, or his Deputy, be and Tciminer, acciffedtf any of the Matters and Things in respect whereof any Person is by this Act declared to be an idle I^ocrccd and uiforderly Person, and shall try such Person or Persons on Evidence on Oath, to be administered by such J^aYioii of Grand Court, in support of such Accusation; and on Evidence upon Oath, to be in like Manner ad niniitered, in support jury; ur Verdict 11 of «1 a Petty Jury.

Civil and Cflminal Courts.

preside at Special S (Hons.

iso

C. 13.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. A.D. 1807.

r may try by a P«iy Jury.

General (Hon* may ht fuld.

P' fow d »br >arl at N gSt frail b> bi^ug'-t brfore

M^irtiate*, and tnrd as iole and difoidci ly.

tray

IVarcn Houses by

Nigot,

absent Prrfo'u deem d idle m, d dilorUCi iy.

Peifom faking unlawful Oa'hs df'merl mle and difoidctly, See.

As a)f.-> Persons in on*c aimed Dmr cf> having At ms unlawfully*

Andalfo Persons found in Pubii> k Houses at Night

And also Persons tumul uously aff.mbletk

of the Defence of such Person or Persons, if any such Evidence shall be offered; and shall convict and pari Judgement upoo, or acquit the Persons £0 tried, acccording as the Merits of the Case shall appear to the Con t before whom the same shall be tried; and that such Conviction, and Judgement or Acquittal, may be had and pronounced without the Verdict of any Petty Jury, and shall be equally good and valid in Law as if such Judgement had been had on a Bill found by a lawful Grand Jury, and the Verdict of a lawful Petty Jury, given thereon: Provided always, that if such Court shall think fit and proper, having due Regard to the Circumstances of the Case, and the then existing State and Condition of the County, to try any Person or any Fail alledged on any such Trial, by a Jury, shall and may be lawful for such Court to cause a Petty Jury to be returned, sworn, and impannelled immediately, or at any Time they may appoint, for the Trial of inch Person or Persons, Fa cl or Eadls, as they shall give in Charge to such Jury, and to take and consider such Verdict as of the fume Force and Effect as to the Matter given them in charge, as the Vei dict of a Petty Jury in a Court of Oyer and Terminer and General Gaol Delivery, and shall pass their Judgement on such Case accordingly: Provided alfe, that the Execution of any Judgement of Conviction shall be fufpcided unless the Serjeant at Law, or Counsel learned in the Law, so preficiing in such Court of Sessions of the Peace, shall agree with the Majority of the Judires of the i eaee present at such Court; and in case such Serjeant at Law, or Counsel learned in the Law, should 'differ in Opinion from the Majority of the Justices present at such Court of Sessions of the Peace, he shall forthwith report the Case, and the Whole of the Evidence taken upon the fame, together with his Opinion, to the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors for the Time being, who is hereby empowered to give such D; r< dlions thereupon as he may think proper; and that until the Directions of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for the Time being, shall have been received, the Prisoner shall remain in Custor.y: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to prevent the holding the General Sessions of the Peace in such County, in the usual Manner, for discharging the ordinary Business thereof, at such Ho as the said Special Sessions shall not be fitting.

XVI. And h it f irther enacted, That any Magistrate or Peace Officer may cause to be apprehended and committed any Person who shal), within any such County or District io proclaimed, be found in the Firidi, Streets, Highways, or elsewhere, out of hisor her Dwelling or Place of Abode, at any Time, from O.ie Hour after Sun-let un il Sunrise; and such Person being duly charged therewith on Oath as aforesaid, shall and may be trough. hefinc the Lid Special Sessions of the Peace, which shall enquire into the said Charge; and unless the Person accused can prove to the Satisfaction of such Court, taking the Afliftarire of a Jury, when and so far only as such Ccurt shall require the fame, that he or she was out of his or her House upon his or her lawful Occasions, such Person shall be deemed an idle and disorderly Person.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe Lwful for any Justice of the Peace, or any Person thereto authorized by the Warrant of any Justice of the Peace, at any Time from One Hour after Sunset until Sunrise, to demand Admission, and in case Admission shall be refuted, or not obtained within a reafo.iable Time after it shall have been first demanded, to enter by force into any House in auy County or District so procla im'd as aforesaid, from which he shall suspect the Inhabitants, or any of them, to be then.absent, and search therein, so as to discover whether the Inhabitants or Inmates, or any of them, beabfent; and if the Inhabitants or Inmates, or any of them, be absent between the said Hours, auy Mi gift rate or Peace Officer may cause to be apprehended and committed the Person or Persons so absent, who thallbc brought before the Lid Court of Special Sessions as aforesaid, and shall be deemed idle and disorderly, unless he, she, or they can prove to the Satisfaction of the said C >urt, with or without the Aid of a Jury as aforesaid, that he, she, or they were absent on his, her, or their lawful and proper Occasions: Provided always, that such Justice of the Peace authorizing and directing any Person or Persons to make such Search, shall make a true and faithul Report of the Names of all Persons so deputed to make such Search, and their Quality and Descriptions, to the Special Sessions within the Space of Seven Days after such Search

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who shall take or enter into any of the unlawful Oaths or Engagements herein-before mentioned, not bring compelled thereto by inevitable Necessity, shall be deemed idle and disorderiv Persons: Provided always, That if any Person accused of taking or entering into any such unlawful Oath or Engagement fhril have been tried for such Fact before such Court of Special Sessions of the Peace, in the Mode pivscribed by this Act, lie, (he or they ftialinot be liable to be tried again or questionedfor the fame Fadl or Offence before any other Jurisdietian wiuitsoever.

XIX. And be it enacted, That if any Justice of the Peace or other Person authorized by the Warrant cf such Justice, shall In any such proclaimed District fiad any Arms or Ammunition, or any P; ke, Pike-head, Spear, Dirk, or any other oflenflve Weapon of any Kind vrhatfuever, in the House or Power or Possession of any Person whatsoever, concealed or otherwise, after the Person or Persons inhabiting the said House, or the Person or Persons who shall have the fame so in his or her Possession shall have been called upon to deliver up the fame, any such Person shall be deemed an idle and disorderly Person, onltfs such Person shall prove to the Satisfaction of the Court of Special Sessions that such Arms, Ammunition, or ofifenfive Weapons as aforesaid. were in His, her, or their House, Power, or Possession, without his, her, or their Knowledge, Privity, or Coufent.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all Persons found assembled in any proclaimed District in any House licensed or unlicensed, in which Malt Liquors or Spirituous Liquors are fold, not being Inmates thereof, or Travellers, after the Hours of Nine at Night, and before Six in the Morning, shall be deemed idle and dif* orderly Persons.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if in any District so as aforesaid proclaimed, any Persons shall unlawfully or tumuftuously assemble in the Day-time, such Persons, and every of them, shall be deemed idle and

disorderly Persons,

A.D. 1807. 47° GEORGII III. Self.2.

C. 13.

*5*

my* Persons adjudged so to be transp »rtrd

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons convicted of being such idle and disorderly Persons as Punishment of aforesaid shall be transported for Seven Years by the Order, Judgement, and Sentence of the said Court of ^°nd Special Sessiont of the Peace; and such Order, Judgement, and Sentence shall be of the like Force and Effect, ierV. 7 Year* and shall be forthwith carried into Execution, in the same Manner, in all respects, as if the fame had been the Transiwttauuii. lawful Order, Judgement, and Sentence of a Court of Oyer and Terminer and General Gaol Delivery.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Proceeding of the said Court of proceedings of

Special Sessions, or Judgement or Conviction had or pronounced by the said Court, shall be moved into His Special seiHons Majesty's Court of King's Bench by any Writ of Certiorari or otherwise, or shall be examinable, quaffied, or removable reversed; but that the Judgements lo had or pronounced by the said Court, shall be final and concluGve, to all tyCcrt, orari* Intents and Purposes whatsoever. c*

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful fqr the said Court, after adjudging any Person to be transported as aforesaid, immediately on such Adjudication, to order and c^use such Person fc adjudged to be transmitted out of the County, if such Court shall think, proper, to any other Gaol in Ireland, may be removed there to remain until he or they shall be removed and transported pursuant to the said Adjudication. to 01 eT*

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all Sheriffs and Gaolers in Ireland shall receive and be answerable for Sheriff* and the lafe Keeping of all Persons so transmitted, and to them respectively delivered, as if they had been so delivered Gaoler* answera-for Transportation by the Order of the Court of Oyer and Terminer and General Gaol Delivery of the County, p^fUner£ Town, or City, in which the Gaol lies. 1 oneru

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall hawk or disperse any seditious Handbill, Paper, Person* haw kirg or Pamphlet, in such proclaimed District, such Person, unless he or she shall discover to the Satisfaction of hditiou* Pap* such Court of Special Sessions of the Peace, the Person or Persons from whom lie or (he received, or by whom

he or she was employed to fell, hawk, or disperse such Paper, shall be deemed an idle and disorderly Person within the Meaning of this Actfc, but shall not as such be liable to Transportation; but shall, by and under f* Mouths, the Sentence of the said Court be committed to the Gaul of such County for a Time not exceeding Twelve Calendar Months.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace, or in-

any Person authorized by the Warrant of Two such Justiers of the Peace, ir. any District so proclaimed, and proclaimed Dif-whilst such Proclamation shall remain in force, to call upon every Person within such District, who shall have m*Y registered Arms under the Provisions of any Act or Acts of Parliament heretofore made or hereafter to be made, JJ^ver u f°"e

to produce or account for or deliver up all Arms, Ammunition, or offensive Weapon whatsoever, which such rJrc!7 Armband

Person shall have in his, her, or their Possession 5 and to enter any House or Place whatsoever, and search for may emerand

Arms and Ammunition, and to take and carry away all Arms and Ammunition, whether so registered or not, fret» for and which they may think iieceflary to take Possession of, in order to preserve or restore the Publick Peace, and to dispose thereof in a Place or Places of Safety: Provided nevertheless, that the Justices or other Person taking a* 0

such Arms do, upon Demand, give to the Owner or Possessor thereof a Receipt, signifying- the Number and

Kinds thereof, to the End that when such Ciftridt shall cease to be disturbed, such Arms and Ammunition may Nor to extend to

berellored to the Person from whom the fame were taken, if he or she be entitled to receive and keep the fame, Regulator

or may be otherwise disposed of as the Law directs: Provided always, that nothing in the foregoing Clause Miiuu Forcti,

contained shall affect any Person serving in His Majesty's Regular or Militia Forces, or in any Yeomanry Corps,

or any Privy Councillor, or Member of Parliament, or Peace Officer, in respect of any Arms that they have ° p

in their Custody..Special Sessions

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That the said Court of Special Sessions of the Peace shall not take Cognizance shall nor lake

of any Offence whatsoever, save only the Offence of being idle and d'forderlv Persons under this Act: Provided Cognizance of daays, that nothing herein shall be construed to take away from such Court such Powers of fining or imprisoning, a, y Offence, ex-i« a summary Way, for Contempts or other Misconduct, or of removing or punishrng any Peace Officer or aS'iic*Oncers of such Court, as are incident to a Court of Oyer and Terminer and General Gaol Delivery. Tuflice* (halt rc-

XXIX. And be it enacted, That every Justice of the Peace who Audi take any Information against any tUro!bf*rmatio«*

Person or Persons f n* any Offence of which the Cognizance is by this Act given to the said Court of Special tt> Clerk of the Svfiions of the Peace, shall immediately return every such Information to the Clerk of the Peace of the said Pracr, 10 be laid County, who shall forthwith lay the fame before the said Court. kefore S?ccial

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Magistrates of the adjacent^iftrafes may Counties at large respectively, to execute this Act within the several Counties of Cities, or Counties of Town# a* in adjacent in Ireland, except the County of the City of Dublin; and in like Manner that the several Magistrates of such Countie*, &c. Counties of Cities, and Counties of Towns, shall have like Powers to execute this Act in the adjacent Counties

at large.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers and Authorities given to, and all Duties require^ A°7Yxt ended* to from Magistrates of Counties at large, under and by this Act, shall be and are hereby given to and require^ aj| MagUtraic*. from all Magistrates of Counties of Towns, or Counties of Cities in Ireland.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Actionr Suit, Plaint, or Information shall be commenced Limitation of or prosecuted against any Person or Persons, for what he or they shall do in pursuance and Execution of this Act, Actions,

the fame shall be commenced within Six Months after the Offence committed, and shall be brought or laid within 5l* Mont , l# die County where the Act was committed; and such Person so feed may plead the General Jfiue of Not Guilty, tnd upon Issue joined may give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff or Prosecutor shall become nonsuit, or forbear Prosecution, or suffer a Discontinuance, or if a Verdict or Judgement on Demurrer Dial! pass against him, the Defendant iba.II recover Treble Costa.

3 XXXIII. And.

47' GEORGII III. Sess. 2

Power to fupgcft on ihe Record that me Action was brought for Matter under llKs Avfl.

On Verdi^ for Plaintiff, if Judge certifies ptobable Caulc, only 6d. Damage?, and no Colts.

Trefcle Colts to Plainfiffiflnjury is malicious.

Lord Lieutenant may rcvoKC Proclamations.

How King's Serjeant or Counsel shall be paid.

Grand Juries

may ptefcilt for Expences incut red in Execution of this Ad*.

Commencement and Cottliouar.ee of Ad.

C. 13.

a; d. 1807.

XXXIII. And Whereas Doubts may arise whether any such Action, Suit, Plaint, or Information, was so

commenced or prosecuted against the Defendant or Defendants therein, for what he or they did in pursuance or

Execution of this Act : be it enacted, That in all Cases where there shall be aVerdid for the Defendant, if it shall appear to the Judge or Court before whom the said Cause shall have been tried, that the fame was prosecuted for any Act done in pursuance or Execution of this Act, such Judge or Court shall certify the fame on the Record, and thereupon uich Treble Costs shall be adjudged as aforesaid; and if the Plaintiff or Prosecutor shall become nonsuit, or forbear Prosecution, or suffer a DiscontinDance, or if Judgement shall pass against him on Demurrer, it shall and may be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants, or any of them, to fuggeil on the Record that such Action, Suit, Plaint, or Information was brought against such Defendant or Defendants for what he or they did in pursuance or Execution of this Act, which Suggestion may be traversed by the Plaintiff if he shall think proper so to do, and Issue being joined thereupon, the same shall be tried at NJi Prius, according to the ufnal Course of such Court on Issues joined therein; and if such Suggestion shall not be traversed, or being traversed the Issue thereon shall be found for such Defendant or Defendants, he or they shall thereupon be entitled to his or their Treble Costs as aforesaid, together with the Treble Costs of the said Suggestion, and of the Proceedings thereon (if any); and if such Issue shall be found for the said Plaintiff, he shall be entitled to the Colls of the said Suggestion, and the Proceedings thereon, and the same shall be set off against the Costs to be adjudged to the Defendant or Defendants making such Suggestion on the said Action; such Plaint or Information, and the Judgement, shall be for the Balance of the said Costs, if any.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when a Verdict shall be given for the Plaintiff in any Action to be brought against any Justice of the Peace, Peace Officer, or other Person, for taking or imprisoning, or detaining any Person, or for seizing Arms, or entering Houses under colour of any Authority given by this Act, and it shall appear to the Judge or Judges before whom the same shall be tried, that there was a probable Cause for doing the Act complained of in such Action, and the Judge or Court shall certify the fame on Record, then and in that Case the Plaintiff shall not be entitled to more than Sixpence Damages, nor to any Costs of Suit: Provided also, that where a Verdict shall be given for the Plaintiff in any such A&iou as aforesaid, and the Judge or Court before whom the Cause shall be tried, shall certify on the Record that the Injury for which such Action is brought was wilfully andmaliciously committed, the Plaintiff shall be entitled to Treble Costs of Suit.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, by a new Proclamation, to be made by and with the Advice of the Privy Council for Ireland, to revoke any Proclamation issued in pursuance of this Act, as to the Whole or any Part of the District thereby proclaimed; which new Proclamation shall be forthwith transmitted by the Clerk of the Privy Council, to the Clerk of the Peace of such County, who shall notify the same to the said Court of Sessions of the Peace forthwith, if the said Court shall be actually fitting when he shall receive the same, and if not, then at the next Sitting of such Court, and such Court shall thereupon cause the same to be read in open Court; and on such new Proclamation being so read, the original Proclamation mentioned therein shall forthwith (land and be revoked, so far as the said new Proclamation shall purport to revoke the fame; and if no Part of such County shall then remain proclaimed, such Special Sessions of the Peace shall forthwith cease and determine.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or, other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for the Time being, to order such Sum or Sums of Money as he or they shall think proper, to be advanced out of the Consolidated Fund, to every such Serjeant at Law, Counsel learned in the Law, or Assistant Barrister, or Person doing the Duty of such Assistant Barrillei, who shall preside or be present in such Court of Special Sessions of the Peace as aforesaid, as a Compensation for such his Time and Trouble.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Grand Jury of every such County in which such Special Sessions shall be held, at the next ensuing Assizes, and for the Grand Juries at the next prefenling Terms for the County and County of the City of Dublin, in case such Special Sessions of the Peace shall be held therein respectively, and they are respectively hereby required to present a Sum to be raised off the County, if the Whole thereof shall be so proclaimed, and if not, then off such Part thereof as shall be so proclaimed, for the Purposes following; that is say, in the first Place to repay to the said Consolidated Fund the said Sum or Sums so advanced to any such Serjeant at Law, Counsel learned in the Law, or Assistant Barrister, or Person doing his Duty as aforesaid; and in the next Place, to pav to the acting Clerk of the Peace of such County, alter the Rate of One Guinea for each Day he shall be employed in attending any such Special Sessions of the Peace which he shall personally attend; and in the next Place, such Sum as may be necessary to pay the Expences of fending Prisoners to Gaol under the Provisions of this Act, not excee&ng the Sum of Three-pence per Mile for each Constable and Assistant, which the Person or Persons who fhaS fion the Warrant of Commitment shall certify to have been ordered by him or them to go with such Prisoner; and lallly, all such Sums as may be requisite to defray the Expences necessarily incurred in the Execution of this Act; and the said Sums shall be lo raised and paid accordingly; and the Amount of the said Sum so advanced out of the Consolidated Fund shall, when raised, be paid by the Treasurer of such County to the Collector of E\cife for the District; and no other Presentment shall be hated by the Judge or Court at such Assizes or prt Tenting Term respectively, until such Presentment shall lirft have been made by the said Grand Jury thereat.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act shall take Effied and be in force from and after the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and (even aforesaid; and shall continue in force forTwo Years, and from thence until the End of the then next Session t f Parliament.

A.D. 1807.

47° <3GEORGII III. Sell*. 2.

C. 14.

*53

CAP. XIV.

An Act to repeal certain Duties of Excise, and also certain Stamp Duties in IreLnul, and to grant certain new Stamp Duties in lieu thereof; and to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties in IiJand. [ill Augtjl 1807.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to repeal certain Excise Duties, and also several of the Stamp Duties

v V heretofore granted to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to be paid and payable in Ireland;

1 And Whereas in lieu of the said Duties, and towards raising the Supplies granted to Your Majesty, and necessary for the Support of Your Majesty's Government, the Commons of Great Britain and lr eland^ in Parliament 4 a; le; nbled, have resolved to grant to Your Majesty certain new and other Duties on stamped Vellum and

Parchment, and Paper, and on other Articles and Things, under the Management of the Commissioners of

Stamp Duties in Ireland and do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Adv ce and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from Dufies of

and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the passing of this Act, there shall be raised, levied, coiledted, and gi anted,

paid in Inland, unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for and in respect of the several Instruments, s^cdulc l° Articles, Matters, and Things mentioned, enumerated, and described in the Schedule to this Act annexed, annexed, which said Schedule, and every Matter and Thing therein contained, shall be deemed and taken as Part of this Act to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, the several Sums of Money and Duties of Stamps as they are respectively inserted, described, and set forth in Words and Figures in the said Schedule, in lieu of the Duties on and in r^fpccl of the said Articles, Matters, and Things, under any Act or Acts in force in Ireland; and that11 and every AcV and Atls of Parliament in force in Ireland importing to charge the said Instruments,

Articles, Mattel's, and Things, or any of them, with any other Stamp Duties or Duty, than as in the said Schedule let forth as aforesaid, shall, from and after the said Day, Hand and be repealed, so far as such Act or Acts so import to charge such other Stamp Duty or Stamp Duties on the said Articles, Matters, and Tilings respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the passing of this Duties on Ad, the Duties herein after mentioned and expressed shall be and the same are hereby repealed; that is to say. Licences to the Duties of Excise made payable in Ireland, under and by virtue o: an Act made in the last Seftioa of sPint RctJilers Parliament, intituled, An act. Act to grant to His Majesty, certain Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes in Ireland, and s^r^c^8* to Alow certain Drawbacks in ref be ft thereof, in lieu of former Duties of Excij'e, Taxes, and Drawbacks, for and and certain in nrfpeci of any Licence to my Person in Ireland to fell by Retail, Spirituous Liquors, Wiue, Beer, Porter, Duties of Stamp* Ale, Cyder, or Perry, Metheglin or Mead, together with the Sum of One Shilling in the Pound on the Amount under 47 G. 3. of the said Duties; and also, the Duties of Stamp9, granted by an Act, made in the said Forty-seventh Year, ScfT* f'f 5°* intituled, An Act to repeal tins several Duties under the Care of the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties in

Ireland, and to grant new and additional Duties in lieu thereof, and to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties in Ireland, upon and in respect of the several Articles, Matters, and Things following; . that is to say, upon any Commission under the Great Seal of Ireland, directed to any Commissioners of Bankrupts; or upon any Return which shall be made by any Sheriff, Coroner, Commissioner, Mayor, Scnefchal, or other Officer, on or to any Writ or other Process to him or them directed, which shall issue from or out of any of the superior Courts of Law or Equity, or from or out of the Admiralty Court, or from ay of the Ecclesiastical Courts, or any other Court in Ireland, in any Suit at Law or in Equity 5 or upon any Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hand only, of any Sheriff or Sheriffs, or his or their Under Sheriff respectively; or upon the Appointment of any Person to be vSub-Sheriff for any County, County of a City, or County of a Town in Ireland; and all the said Duties (tail accordingly cease and determine; any Thing in any Act or Acts of force in Ireland to the contrary B'ltH'ithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Duties by this Act granted ftiaU be paid and payable in British Dn»ica shall fee' Currency, and that all Monies arising by the said Duties shall be paid from Time to Time into the Hands of phd so Receiver the Receiver General for the Time being of the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper in Ireland, ^rner* uiioshall pay the same (the necessary Charges of raising, paying* and accounting for the fame, being dcdudled) i'tfo the Receipt of the Exchequer of Irdmd, at such Time and in such Manner as the Duties on ft imped Co.f.hdated Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, are by Law directed to be paid; and all Monies so paid into the said Receipt Fund, a* aforesaid ihal be carried to, and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties hereby granted shall be under the Government, Care, Duties (V-iil be n-i Management of the Commissioners for the Time being appointed to manage the Duties charged upon stamped under Manage* Veil am, Parchment, and Paper, in Ireland; and the said Commissioners are hereby empowered and required to nJcnt L.such Stamps, in order to denote the Duties payable by this Atl, as have been heretofore provided to denote former Duties of the like Nature, or to cause new Stamps to be provided for that Purpose; and to alter the ° fir*, or any of them, from Time to Time, and to do all other Things necessary to be done for putting this Act into Execution, with relation to the several Duties hereby granted in the like and as full and ample a Manner as they arc authorized to put in Execution any former Law concerning any Duties under their Minagcment.

V. 1 And Whereas by an Act, passed in the Forty-sixth Year of His Miicfty's Reign, intituled, An Act to starr.p

repeal the several Duties under the Care of the Commissioners for managing the Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment, CumniHGont »,

4 or.J Paper in Ireland, and to grant new and additional Duties in lieu thereof, and to amend the Laws relating to ^cVnc

Itr.^p Duties in Ireland, it is amongst other Things enacted, that the Commissioners of Stamp Duties in so^cuil llut* 4; Geo. III. X 4 Ireland

ment of

nissioners

*54 C.I4.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2.

A.D. 1807.

under 46 G. 3.«Ireland for the Time being, or any of them, or any Person or Persons to be for that Purpose appointed by the

c 6\.^18. may < said Commissioners should and might under his or their Hand or Hands, grant any Licence or Licences (without

Vice net*Fee or Reward»to any Person or Persons who Chall require the fame, in Writing, to fell Hats by Retail; be

t > fc 1 Hart by it enacted, That from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the passing of this Act the said Commissioner*

Wuvlcfaie. of Stamp Duties in Ireland for the Time being, or any of them, or any Person or Persons to be for that Purpose appointed by the said Commissioners, or any One of them, shall and may, under his or their Hand or Hands, grant a Licence or Licences (without Fee or Reward) to any Person or Persons who shall require the fame, in Writing, to fell Hats by Wholefate, whether home-made or imported; ard that any such Licence shall, as to the Form and Manner thereof, and as to the granting thereof, be subject to the same Rules and Regulations, and all Persons exercising such Trade or Calling without a Licence shall be subject to the same Penalties, as it the said Licence, and the Stamp Duty thereon, had been enacted and contained in the said recited Act of the

Forty-sixth Year, and in the said Clause there: f above recited; and that every such Licence shall have printed

on tl?c Face thereof, a List of the several Duties payable for and upon the several Sorts of Hats sold by Retail.

VI. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act, as enads and directs, that any Person Jrom^ManuDc-0 squiring a Licence to manufacture Hats, or to fell Hats by Retail, in Manner therein mentioned, shall make lure rr SHlm Oath in Manner therein for the said Persons respectively mentioned, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, of Hats repealed, be and the fame is hereby repealed.

Bonds shall !>e

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after Ten Days after the passing of this Act, any Person or

given by Persons persons requiring a Licence to manufacture or fell Hats, shall first duly execute and deliver to the said Com-

nami^Auic mil n, ifl*oner3> or f°me of them, or to any Person or Persons empowered to grant such Licence respectively, a Bond fril Hats. payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successor3, in the Penal Sum of One hundred Pounds, conditioned as

follows; that is to say, if such Licence shall be to manufacture Hats, or to fell imported Hats by Wholesale, then such Bond shall be conditioned, that the Person or Persons obtaining such Licence shall not fell any left Quantity than one Dozen of Hats at any one Time, to any one Person without taking out a Licence to utter or vend Hats by Retail; and that such Person or Persons shall not fell any Hats mounted or ornamented, which shall not have a Lining affixed therein duly stamped according to Law; and if such Licence shall authorize the Person or Persons obtaining the same to utter or vend Hats by Retail, then such Bond shall be conditioned, that the Person obtaining the same shall not utter, vend, or sell, or cause to be uttered, vended, or sold any Hat whatsoever, which shall not have a Lining affixed therein, duly stamped according to Law; and that such Person will not defraud, or willingly permit or suffer any Person in the Service or Employment of such Person to defraud, or in any other Manner, directly or indirectly, be concerned, aiding, or abetting in defrauding His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, of any of the Stamp Duties on Hats.

Bond to be given

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall hereafter import Hats fcy ^mporurjnt0 ^re^an^ for Sale, before the same shall be discharged by the proper Officer of His Majesty's Cuiloms,

it4* duly execute and deliver to such Officer a Bond, payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in a penal

Sum amounting to Three Shillings for each and every Hat so then imported; which Bond, after reciting the Number and Quality of the Hats so imported respectively, shall be conditioned, that if the Person importing such Hats shan fell any of the said Hats with any Mounting or Ornament thereon, such Importer shall duly pay or cause to be paid to the Person or Persons duly authorized to receive the same, all and every Stamp Duty or Duties payable thereon, and if such Importer shall fell the said Hats, or any of them, without any such Mounting or Ornament thereon, that then and in every such Case such Importer shall, before the delivering the same to the Purchaser, give or cause to be given to the said Commissionera of Stamps, orfome of them (if such Purchaser shall reside within the District of Dublin, of if such Purchaser shall reside in any other Part of Ireland^ then to a Distributor of Stamps of the District in which such Purchaser shall reside) a Notice in Writing, signed by such Importer, specifying the Number and Value of the Hats so fold, and to whom the same are so fold; and every such Purchaser or Person to whom such Hats shall be sold without any Mounting or Ornament, shall, within Ten Days from the Day of such Sale, duly execute and deliver to such Commissioners of Distributors respectively a Bond, payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in a penal Sunt amounting to Three Shillings for every Plat so then fold, which Bond, after reciting the Number and Quality of the said Hats so then fold, shall be conditioned in the same Manner as the said Bonds heretofore mentioned and directed to be given by the mporter of such Hats.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons so purchasing any Hat or Hats so imported, shall refuse, neglect, or omit, for the said Space of Ten Days from the Day of purchasing the fame, toexecute and deliver such Bond as aforesaid, then and in every such Case every such Person shall for every such Refusal, Neglect, or Omission, forfeit a Sum after the Rate of Three Shillings for each Hat so purchased.

X. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall at any Time import, or cause

to be imported, Hats to the Amount in Number of Twelve, shall, without further Proof, be deemed, taken,

and considered, to all Intents and Purposes, as importing the fame for Sale.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Bond and Bonds which shall be delivered to any of the Persons aforesaid, other than to the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, shall as soon as may be afterwards, be transmitted to the said Commissioners of the Stamp Duties; and the fame, together with all Bonds which shall be first delivered to the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties as aforesaid, shall respectively be kept, filed, and proceeded on by the said Commissioners, in such Manner as isusualand lawful in such Cases respectively.

XII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the puffing of thii

Ad, no Manufacturer or Manufacturers, Importer or Importers, or other Person or Persons, who shall fed

Kout ^ats by Wholesale, or who shall fell any Hats not mounted or ornamented, shall suffer the same to be taken

away or removed from his, her, or their Possession, until he, she, or they shall have previously furnished to the

g fail

Bond b7 Purchaser* of Hat. not mounted, &c»

Penalty n such Purchasers not entering into Bond 3s. per Hat.

Who shall be deemed Irnporieri of Hats for Sale. Bonds shall be transmitted t

Stamp Office, and filed.

Mahuf^iflu '*-» and Importers shall nut fend ut Hats witl Permit from

A.D. 1807.

47° GEORGII III. SelT.2.

C. 14.

155

Trid Commissioners of Stamp Duties, if in Dublin, or the Dittribotor of Stamps of the District, jf in any other Stamp Ofl5c> Part of Ireland, a true Statement in Writing, subscribed with his, her, or their proper Name or Names, and £ef, alty°°* Handwriting or Handwritings, of the Number and Quality of such Hats; and until he, she, or they shall have ill

prcriously taken out fromfome one of the said Commissioners if in Dublin, or from some Person appointed by the said Commissioners or any one of them, or if in any other Part of Ireland, then from the Distributor of Stamps of the District, a Permit under the Hand of such Commissioners or Distributor respectively, aut 1 i/ig 'the Removal and taking away of such Hats, and dating the Number and Quality of such Hats accord ng to the said written Statement thereof, which Permit the said Commissioners and Distributors respectively are hereby authorized to grant; and if such Person or Persons shall furnish a false Statement to the said Comm.Hiouers or Billributors respectively, of the Number or Quality of the Hatsfo to be removed, or shall suffer such Hats to he removed from his, her, or their Possession, without having previously obtained such Permit, he, she, or they shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expiration of Tep Days after the pattingf 1 is Purrliafer neeC

Ait, it shall not be necessary for the Person purchasing such Hats to fumish any Statement thereof to ti e fftd pcl*e °ut Commissioners, or to obtain any Permit for the Removal thereof; any Thing in any Act or Acts in so; cj in 43 G. 3. Ireland to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding. c. Z1. §4.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That so much and such Part of the said recited Act of the Forty-seventh So much of

Year, for repealing the several Duties under the Care of the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties in 47 G. 3. c. 50.

Ireland, and granting new and additional Duties in lieu thereof, and for amending the Laws relating to the §13.«invili-Stamp Duties in Ireland, as enads, that every Deed or Instrument whereby any Lease or Demifi of Lands, l 1 Tenements, or Hereditaments, in Ireland, should be renewed, which should not be stamped in Manner by the said Act directed, should be wholly void and of no Effect, shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed. tcpe.iled.

XV. And be it further enacted, That so much and such Part of the said last recited Act as enads, that^ e

from and after the Fir A Day of November One thousand eight hundred and seven, every Writ which shall be $ i7. asro

issued in Ireland for any Purpose whatever, shall be returned by the Sheriff or other Person to whom the fame Return of Writs* shall be directed on the Day and Time mentioned ip such Writ for the Return thereof, and according to the repeated. Exigency of such Return; and that if any Writ shall not be returned and filed in the proper Office of the Court

out of which such Writ shall issue, within the Space of Four Days after the Day or Time required by Law for the Return thereof, the Sheriff, Under Sheriff, or other Officer whose Duty it shall be to have returned the fame, should forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That so much and such Part of the said recited Act as enacts and directs, 47 a. 3. c. that the Acceptance of every Bill of Exchange, Bank Poll Bill, or other Bill, made by any Merchant, §18. a«to Banker, or Trader in Ireland\ shall be written on the Front of such Bill of Exchange, Bank Post Bill, or other Acceptances a* Bill, between the Address of the Acceptor and the Name of the Drawer, and even with the fame, and thatre^" e

such Acceptance shall also be written on some Part of the Writing of such Bill of Exchange, Bank Post Bill,

ot other Bill, so that the fame cannot be detached from such Bill of Exchange, Bank Post Bill, or other Bill, without also destroying some Part of the Body of the Writing of such Bill of Exchange, Bank Post Bill, or other Bill respectively, shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That so much and such Part of the said recited Act as enacts and directs, 47 O. 3. c.jjw

that every Minute or Memorandum of Admission into any Body Politick or Corporate, Corporation or Company §19* a# to

in Ireland shall bear Date and take Effect from the Day when the same shall be made, written, and entered "nr"*

Ipon the proper Stamp, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act, and not before; and that if the Stamp rCprc^d*o Duty on any such Entry, Minute, or Memorandum, shall remain unpaid by the Space of One Month after the,

Day of Meeting of such Body Politick or Corporate, Corporation or Company, on which such Admission was dirrcied, then such Admission of such Person into such Corporation or Company shall be entirely void and of none Lfftft, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That so much and such Part of the said before recited Act as directs So much of that every Admission of any Person into any Body Politick or Corporate, Corporation or Company in Ireland, °cs*4'

the Entry, Minute, or Memorandum whereof should not have been stamped before the passing of the said ", uin Admis-

Ad, or should not be stamped pursuant to the said Act, within Six Months after the passing of the said mro Tvcitid A<3, should be absolutely null and void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, shall be, and the fame is Co portions, hereby repealed. / repealed. '

XIX. And be it further enacted, That every Admission made before the passing of this Act into any Body Arlmission* Politick or Corporate, Corporation or Company, in Ireland, shall be and be deemed, taken, and construed hcioic this. Att to be, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as good, valid, and effectual in Law, as if the said recited as v lid is if Ail had not been made; any Thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary in anywise notwith- ?7, G' 3* c*5* '

jo)i h .id not na fled.

ItJr.ri.jg, 1

XX. And be it further enacted, That so much and such Part of the said recited Act of the Forty-sixth 46 G* 3. c. 4. Year, for repealing Stamp Duties, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof, as enacts and directs, that all civil

Bill Processes, and all Copit s thereof, shall be signed, dated, and appointed for each particular Cause and rc.pCAicd. hellion, by the respective Assistant Barristers in every County in Ireland, and th it every fuel) Affiilar.t Barrister shall for signing, dating, and appointing every such original Process and all the Copies thereof, receive from the Plaintiff or Person issuing or requiring such Process, the Sum of Sixpence British Currency in the Whole, and no more; and that every Plaintiff, obtaining a Decree shall be entitled to recover agaitril the Defendant such Sum of Sixpence, in Addition to the other legal Colls theretofore recoverable by Law; and that any Person tiling any such Process, or Copy or Copies thereof, for any other Purpose than that for which such Copy or Process was so signed, dated, and appointed, should he adjudged guilty of a Misdemeanor, and punishable as for a Misdemeanor at Common Law, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

X 2 XXL And,

itic*,

i5'6

For (tariffing kulc of

kiiciiof Coiiits.

Penalties payable in Br hi 111 Currency.

Powers of 43 G. 3. c. 21, 22, and 23. and 4S G. 3. c. 64. extended to this Act,

Aft m y he aim neied this Sr&on.

G.14. 470 GEORGII in Sess. 2. A.D. 1807.

XXL And, for the more conveniently ascertaining the Duties on Pules and Orders to be fr, >m Time to Time made and given in any Court of Laiv or Equity, in any Ecclesiastical Court, or Com! of Admiralty, or in any other Court in Ireland holding Pldas, where the Debt or Damage doth amount to Forty Shillings, or the Thing in Demand or Catife of Suit is of that Value (other thart and except the Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, Chancery, or Exchequer, in Dublin); be it enacted, That the Officer and Officers of each and every such Court, having the legal Custody of the Rule Books belonging to each of the said Courts respectively, fhnJl from Time to Time, once in every Three Months, or within Ten Days after the last Day of each and every Term, or of each and every Session of such Court respectively, produce and bring such Rule Books to the ncarefl Distributor of Stamps; and such Officer or Officers shall insert in every such Rule Book, immediately after the lash Rule entered therein, at the Time of producing the fame, a Certificate, duly signed by such Officer or Officers respectively, hating the Number of Rules and Orders of such Courts respectively made or entered in such Rule Books within such preceding Three Months, or such Term or Session respectively; and such Officer or Officers shall thereupon pdy to the said Distributor the full Amount of all such Stamp Duties as shall be then by Law payable for or in respect of such Rules or Orders respectively; and the fa: d Distributor shall immediately, underneath the said Certificate, sign a Receipt (without Stamp) for the said Amount of the Stamp Duties; and every such Rule Book shall by such Officer or Officers be left with such Distributor, and such Distributor shall sign and give ah Acknowledgement, that such Rule Book has been left with him for the Purposes of this Act, and shall, within Three Days after the Payment of such Duty, transmit every such Rule Book to the Head Office to be stamped, and the same shall be llamped accordingly, in such Manner as by the said recited Act of the Forty-seventh Year is directed with respect to the Rule Books of the Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, Chancery, oh Exchequer, and shall be returned to such Distributor as soon as conveniently may be after the stamping thereof j and such Distributor shall deliver back the said Rule Book to the Person entitled thereto, upon Re-delivery, to the said Distributor, of the Acknowledgment which he shall have given for the same.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all the Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act inflicted and made payable, shall be paid and payable in British Currency; and that all Powers, Provisions, Rules, Methods, Directions, Articles, Clauses, Exceptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things, contained in an Act, made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to H'u Majesty ftvcral Duties therein mentioned^ to he levied by the C0 mm jffin tiers for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland; and in another Act, made in the said Forty-third Year, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Licences to Per fens felling Hats, and on Hats sold by Retail in Ireland; and in another Act made in the said Forty.third Year, intituled, An Act for grantwg to His Majesty certain Duties on Certificates, with respect to the killing of Game in Ireland; and in the said recited Act, made in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majestyh Reign, intituled, An Act to repeal the several Da tes under the Care of the Commissioners for managing the Duties upon Stamped Velium> Parchment, and Paper in Ireland, and to grant new and additional Duties in lieu thereof find to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties in Ireland, shall be of force and effect, and shall be applied and plit in Execution for- the raising, levying, paying, collecting, and securing the Duties by this Act granted and made payable, and all Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had been hereby re-enacted, with relation to the Duties by this Act granted and made payable, except only in so far as any of such Powers, Provisions, Rules, Methods, and Directions, Articles, Exceptions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, in the said Acts, or any or either of them contained, are expressly altered or repealed, or otherwise provided for by this Act, or by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended, or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

SCHEDULE (A.)

For and upon every Japaned or Varnished Hat, and every Hat made of Silk Wool, Felt, Stuff, Beaver, or Leather, or any Mixture of them, or with any other Substance or Substances, by whatever Name such Hat shall be called or dillingui(lied, whivh shall be uttered, vended, or sold by any Person or Persons; save and except any Hats sold by any Manufacturer or Manufacturers, or Importer or Importers of Flats, which shall be sold without any Mounting or Ornament, and f which not less than 12 shall le sold at one Time;

If the Price or Value of such Hat, including all the Mounting and other Ornaments (except Gold or Stiver Lace) shall not exceed the Sum of 5s. Irish Currency

If such Price or Value shall exceed 5 s. and shall not exceed 7 s. Irish Currency

- shall exceed 7s. and not exceed 12 /. Irish Currency

- Shall exceed 12 /. and shall not amount to i8x.

- shall amount to 18 x. or upwards

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any of the following Articles, or any Part therLof, the respective Duties following;

Any Citation, Monition, Proceeding, Sentence, or Decree, made in the Prerogative Court, or in any Eccicfiastical Court, in any Suit for Tythes, or any Copies of them respectively -

Duty.

£ d*

003 006 o r 0 020 o 26

O X 0

SCHEDULE (A.)

Any Permit granted by any Officer of His Majesty's Revenue, or any Commissioner o; Diitributor of Sumps, or other Person duly authorized to grant the fame, relative to any Exciieable or oilier Goods, and also any Certificate of any such Permit required by Law;

If the Duties on the Goods permitted thereby do not amount to the Sum of ^15.

If such Duties amount to 15. or more -

Any Indenture, Lease, Release, or Deed, Minute, Memorandum, or Legal or Equitable Article for letting or demiting Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in Ireland, for any Term not exceeding Three Lives or Thirty-ore Years, whether with or without a Covenant or Clause for the Renewal thereof (except Leaks made by any Mailer in Chancery, or Officer of the Equity or Revenue Side of the Court of Exchequer, under the Orders of the said Courts respectkely, and except Leases by Elegit Creditors, or of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, ejected for Nonpayment of Rent, for oix or Nine Months);

Where the Annual Amount of the Rent referred (any penal Rent, or any Increase of reserved Rent in the Nature of a penal Rent, not being included in such Amount) shall not exceed ^5. or the Fine or Consideration for the lame shall not exceed <£20 Any Cvftodiam under the Seal of the Exchequer, grounded on an Outlawry in any Civil Action Any Licence to any Person to fell by Retail, Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Porter, Ale, Cyder, or Perry, Metheglin or Mead, in the Places following, viz. :

In the City of Dublin, and within the Circular Road surrounding the said City, and within the District of the Metropolis of Dublin, or within the City of Cork, or the City of Waterford, or the City of Limerick (including all Places surrounded by the said Cities respectively, and that Part of the City of Limerick called Saint Francis's Abbey) or within the Town of Bclfall -

Within the relt of the respective Counties of the said Cities of Cork, Waterford, and Limerick, or within One Mile thercot respectively, or in any Place beyond the Circular Road surrounding the said City of Dublin, and the Wall of His Majesty's Park the Phoenix, not more than Two Miles dillant therefrom, or within One Mile of the Town of Belfail, or of the publick Lamps therein -

In any other Place within the Dill rid of the Excise Office of Dublin, beyond the Circular Road and Wall of His Majesty's Park the Phoenix, not dittant more than Five Mile3 therefrom; and within the Cities of Armagh, Londonderry, and Kilkenny, and the Towns of Athlone, Baliinafloe, Bandon, Carlow, Cashell, Castlebar, Clonmeil, Coleraine, Drogheda, Dundalk, Ennis, Enniskillen, Galway, Kinfale, Lisburne, Longford Lough rea, Mallow, No wry, New Roia, Sligo, Tipperary, Tralee, Wexford, and Youglnll, and within One Mile of the Market House or Market Place therein respectively -

In any other Parts of Ireland than those Parts before described Any Licence to any Person to fell by Retail, Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Porter; Ale, Cyder, Pen*)', Metheglin or Mead, at any Encampment of Troops in Ireland, for One Month And for every successive Month -

For each and ever)' Day during any Fair in Ireland, for which any Person licensed to sell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, or Porter, Cyder or Perry, Metheglin or Mead, by Retail, shall be duly authorized by a Magistrate to fell such Spirituous or other Liquors in any Hut, Tent, or Booth, or in any Street, Road, or open Place, at such Fair -

Any Grant from His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, of any Annuity, Pension, Office or Emolument, which shall be of the Value of.^aoo. per Annum -

And for every dd 100 per Annum, exceeding 200. per Annum, a further Duty of Provided that no Duty shall be charged upon or in reipeCl of more than One Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment on which such Grant may be engTofled, written, or printed.

Any attested Copy of any Decree or Diimiffal, made by or in the Court of Chancery, for ever)' actual Sheet thereof -

Any attclled Copy of any Decree or Dismissal made by or in the Court of Exchequer, for every actual Sheet thereof -

Duty.

£ J.d.

o. o 6

010

05a

050

40 o o

33 o

22 O Or II OO

IOO

IOO

2 o a

20 o o 500

046

050

CAP. XV.

An Act to provide for the regulating and securing the Collection of the Duty on Gold and Silver Plate wrought or manufactured in Ireland. [ 1 It August 1307.]

WHEREAS the Laws now in force for regulating and securing the Cohesion of the Duty payable to'His Mnj-fty on Gold and Silver Plate, wrought, made, or manufactured in Ireland, have been found insufficien: , and it is expedient to repeal the fame, and to provide for the better collecting and securing the said 1 Duty be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the L*rd« Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the passing of this Act, so much a.id such Parti of an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thud Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George

the

Irish Atf,

2. c. 3. t 70 — 10. rcpwkd.

15* C. 15.

4J* GEORGII III. Sess. A.D. 1807.

Setter* and

Hi tII ho licensed t 4? G. 3. S<*ff. u c. 35, &c.

Plate shall be

assayed a: d marked by A flay Masterin Dublin

Country.

the Second, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Tillage, and letter Employment of the Poor; and also for the more effectually putting in Execution an Act, intituled, An Act to encourage the draining and improving of Bogs

and unprofitable Low Grounds, and for eafwg and dispatching the Inland Carriage and Conveyance of Goods from

one Part to another within this Kingdom; and also for laying several Duties upon Coaches, "Berlins, Chariots, Calafbc', Chaises, and Chairs, and upon Cards and Dice, and upon wrought and manufactured Gold and Silver Plate imported into or made in Ireland, f>r the Purposes therein mentioned; and also for repealing the Duties payable 4 up.n the Exportation of Wool, Bay Tarn, and Woollen Tarn, out of this Kingdom for England, ' as relate to Gold and Silver Plate, shall be, and the fame is and are hereby repealed; except so far as may concern the recovering, collecting, paying, and accounting for any Duties on any wrought Plate, or Arrears of such Duties, or any Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures which shall or may have become due or been incurred under the said Act, on or before the Expiration of the said Ten Days after the passing of this Act.

II. And for the better regulating and securing of the Duty on Gold and Silver Plate, wrought, made, or M<*k*rs of Gold manufactured in Ireland; be it enacted That every Person who shall fell or make any Gold or Silver Plate in and Silver PMe Ireland, shall obtain a Licence for that Purpose from the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any One of them, in Manner directed by an Act made in the Iaft Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to secure the Payment of Duties on Licences granted to Persons in Ireland, dealing in exciseable Commodities; and shall be subject to such Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as by the said Act, or any other Act to be pafTedfor the like Purpose, are or may be provided and enabled with respect to such Licences.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Gold and Silver Plate, wrought, made, or manufactured in Ireland, shall be assayed by the Assay Master, now or hereafter to be appointed by the Fraternity or Company of Goldsmiths of the City of Dublin, or by a Deputy Assay Master, or other Officer to be appointed by the said or D^pucy^Affly Fraternity or Company, in such Parts of Ireland as they shall think fit; and after such Assay made, if such Gold Milters in the Plate shall be found conformable to any of the Three following Standards of Fincness; that is to say, of not less than Twenty two Carats, or of net less than Twenty Carats, or of not less than Eighteen Carat* of fine Gold, in every Pound Weight Troy, and if such Silver Plate shall be found conformable to the Standard of Eleven Ounces Two Penny Weights line Silver in every Pound Weight Troy, then the same shall be touched by the said Assay Master, or by any such Deputy Assay Master, or other Officer, and marked with the Marks in the said respective Cases by Law required, and now or hereafter to be used for that Purpose; and after the same shall be touched and marked as aforesaid, the said Assay Master shall thereupon (lamp or mark, without Fee or Reward, the said Plate, with such Stamps and Marks a^ are now in Use, or with such Stamp or Mark as the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes for the Time being, or any Three of them, shall from Time to Time devise and appoint.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Assay Master, and every Deputy Assay Master, rr other Officer to be appointed for the Purposes of this Act for the Time being, before he shall be empowered to mark such Plate, shall be sworn to the due and faithful Execution of his Office in assaying such Plate, and (lampingor marking the fame, pursuant to this Act, which Oath shall and may be administered by the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes for the Time being, or any One or more of them, or by any Justice of the Peace, who shall give such Assay Master a Certificate thereof.

V. And be it further enacted, That any working Goldsmith and Silversmith, or other Manufacturerof Gold or Silver whatsoever in Ireland, who shall at any Time or Times after the Expiration of Ten Days after the passing of this Act, work or make, or cause to be wrought or made, any Gold or Silver Vessel, Plate or Manufacture of Gold or Silver whatsoever, required to be touched, assayed, and marked by the said Assay Master, or Deputy Assay tv after, or Officer to be appointor! as aforesaid, shall from Time to Time fend with every Parcel of such Gold or Silver to the said Assay Master, Deputy Assay Master, or other Officer, a Note or Memorandum, fairly written, containing the Day of the Month, and Year, the Christian and Sirname of the Worker or Maker, and Place of his nr her Abode, and also all the Species in such Parcel of Plate, and the Number of each Species, with the Total Weight of such Parcel, and also the Sum of Money payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for the Duty thereupon; and also shall from Time to Time fend, deliver and pay with every such Parcel to the said Assay Mailer, ' Deputy Assay Master, or Officer who shall receive such Parcel of Gold or Silver so sent to be touched, assayed, and marked, the full Amount of the Duties payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for every Ounce Troy Weight of such Gold or Silver Plate so required to be touched, assayed, and marked, under and by virtue of an Ati made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to grant to His Majesty certain Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes in Ireland, and to allow certain Drawbacks in respect thereof, in lieu of former Duties or Excise, Taxes, and Drawbacks, or under any other e\t\ or Acts at the Time in force in Ireland, for the imposing of Dutte.* on Plate wrought, made, or manufactured in Ireland.

Plate shaft be

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Assay Master, Deputy Assay Master, or other Officer so to be

marked tu appointed as aforesaid, shall mark with the following Mark, that is to say, with the Mark of the King's Head,

tfgmfy Payment over and besides the several other Marks directed by Law, all and every such Pieces and Parcels of Gold or Silver Plate so sent to be touched, ma ked, and assayed; and shall, previous to the touching, marking, or assaying such Gold or Silver Plate, or Mantifailure, ask, demand, and receive, for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, of and from the Person or Persons who shall require such Gold or Silver Plate to be touched, marked, and assayed, the full Amount of the Duty payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for every Ounce Troy of such Gold or Silver Plate, or Mantifacture of Gold or Silver, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity which shall be brought to the said respective Officers to be touched, marked, and a/nyed as aforesaid; and such Assay Master, Deputy Assay Mailer, or Officer, shall, give a Receipt for the Duty so paid, to the Person or Persons bringing such Plate or Manufacture; and in default of receiving such Duty in Manner aforesaid., or of paying the fame iu Manner herein after mentioned, the said Assay Master,

Deputy

Affiy Masteri shall be sworn.

GoTdfmitf*, Sec.

Ih.41) send to Assay Mailer, &c. with every Parcel of Gold or Silver, a written N»tc of Particulars and Weight thereof;

and pay to said A(fjy Master Duties imposed

bya-G. 3. Sess. 1. c. lS. Ac.

of Duty.

Duties shall be paid jjicvious to the marking.

Receipts to be jrven for the Duty.

Assay Master*, &c. and Gold-

A.D. 1807. 4-7° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. C. 15, 159

beputy Assay Master, or other Officer respectively, and the said Fraternity or Company of Goldsmiths in the Company

City of Dublin, shall be accountable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for the said Duty, as if the fame had been actually received under the Directions of this Act. 1 c ut*

VII.*And Whereas Gold and Silver Wares when sent to be marked and allayed, are sometimes sent in so rude Allowance of*and so rough a State that the fame in the finishing are greatly lessened in Weight, ' be it therefore enacted, one-sixth of That the said Allay Mailer, Deputy AflTay Master, or other Officer to be appointed as aforesaid, whenever putY on Grad* fvich Plate shall be sent to be marked and assayed in any unfinished State, so that a Diminution in the Weight

thereof must necessarily remain to be made by the Worker or Manufacturer thereof, before the same shall be

finished, shall, in respect of such Diminution as aforesaid, make to the Person or Persons bringing such Plate, a Deduction of One-sixth Part from the Weight, and an Allowance of One-sixth Part of the Duty payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and shall, at the Bottom of the Note or Memorandum by this Act directed to be kept and filed, express the Deduction from the Weight, and the Allowance of the Duty accordingly: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall authorize any such Allowance to be made on any Quantity of Silver Plate or Manufacture less in Weight than One Ounce Troy, nor on any fractional Part of an Ounce.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Assay Mailer, Deputy Assay Mailer, or other Officer, who Alfty Matter

shall from Time to Time take and receive the said Monies and Duties1 with the said Notes or Memorandums, &c. shall Hie the

shall upon Receipt of the said Notes or Memorandums, and of the said Monies and Duties, file the said Notes Note*> anfl J^«P

or Memerandoms, and enter the Particulars thereof, and of the Deductions aforesaid, and keep a true and Duty^ccived. faithful Account in Writing, in Books to be kept for that especial Purpose, of the Duties received by him*ClV under and by virtue of this Act, and such Assay Master, Deputy Assay Mailer, or other Officer, shall give

an indented Receipt (without Stamp) numbered, under his Hand, for the Amount of the said Duty, to the

Person or Persons who shall pay the same, a Duplicate of which said indented Receipt shall be kept by such Assay Mailer, Deputy Assay iMaster, or Officer, in a Book bound for that Purpose.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Assay Master shall, within One Month after the Twenty-ninth B/>oks shall fee Day of September, the Twenty-fifth Day of December, the Twenty-fifth Day of March, and the Twenty- lodged by AfTiy fourth Day of June, in each and every Year, transmit and return to the said Company of Goldsmiths in Dublin,

and lodge with them all the said Books kept by him, containing the Accounts of all the Particulars aforesaid,

and of the Duties received, and the DupTcatcs of Receipts given under this Act in Manner aforesaid, and the Company.

said Book shall at all Times be open for the Inspection of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes,

or of any Person or Persons authorized in Writing by the said Commissioners, or any One of them; and the said Commissioners, or the Person or Persons so authorized by them, shall be at liberty to take Copies and Extracts

of the said Books, or any Part of them.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Assay Master shall Once in every Week, oroftener, if required Assay Master by the said Company of Goldsmiths in Dublin, pay to the said Company all and every Sum and Sums of Moneyb.ill weekly

so received by him, for and on Account of the Duties payable to His Majesty as aforesaid, which Monies the 1 e

said Company shall, within Two Days after the Receipt thereof, from Time to Time pay or cause to be paid Company, who

to the Collector of Excise in the District of Dublin; and that the said Company of Goldsmiths shall, within shall plover

Two Months after the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and seven, deliver or the f-imsio the cause to be delivered to the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or to some Person or Persons

authorized by them to receive the same, true Copies of the Accounts herein-before directed to be kept, and fj^iiv/r q-j^rtcriy

transmitted to the said Company, for the Quarter which shall be completed on the said Twenty-ninth Day of to the C mimif-

Sp.embert and at the same Time shall pay to the said Collector of Excise all such Sum and Sums of Money as fiuners vi Excite

shall be the Balance of the Sums which shall have been received on Account of the said Duties, on or before Copies of the said Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and seven, if any such Balance shall thB*'anct

appear to be due; and from thenceforth shall from Time to Time, within Two Months after the Twenty-fifth c

Day of December, the Twenty-fifth Day of March, the Twenty-fourth Day of June, and the Twenty-ninth

Day of September in every* Year, or at such other Times after the Expiration of the said Two Months as may

be appointed by the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, deliver or cause to be delivered to the said Commissioners, or to any Person or Persons appointed by them for the Purpose of receiving the fame, true

Copies of the Accounts herein-before directed to be kept by such Assay Master, and transmitted or returned to

the said Company, for the Quarter ending on such Twenty-fifth Day of December, Twenty-fifth Day of

March, Twenty-fourth Day of June, and Twenty-ninth Pay of September \ and shall, at the same Time, pay

to the Collectorf Excise for the District of Dublin, all such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be the Balance

of the bums which shall have been received by the said Assay Master, or other Officer, in the Quarter ending as

aforesaid, on Account of the said Duties, if any such Balance shall appear to be due,

XI. And be it further enacted, That every Deputy Assay Master, or other Officer to be appointed under Drpufy A lliy thi=; Act, in any Part of Ireland, except Dublin, shall once in every Week pay to the Collector of Excise, for Mailers in ti e the Distridtin which such Deputy AiTny Master or other Officer full reside, all and every Sum and Sums of Coun-ry shall Money so received by such Deputy Assay Master or other Officer, for or on Account of the Duties payahh* to P^y Duty wctkly His Majesty as aforesaid; and that every such Deputy A flay Master or other Officer shall, within One Month

after the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hiu.dred and seven, deliver to and lodge with the r turn*ra Collector of the District in which such Deputy Affav Master or othrr Officer shall reside, nil Books containing Cuikitoi*. the Accounts and Duplicate Receipts herein-before directed to be kept by such Deputy Assay Master or other OlTicer respectively, lip to the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and seven; and from thenceforth shall, from Time to Time, within One Month after the Twenty-fifth Day of December, Twenty-fklh Day of March, Twenty-fourth Day of June, and Twenty-ninth Day of September in every Year, or at

such

160 C. 15.

47*' GEORGII III.

Sell'. 2.

A.D. 18807.

Allowance by Commi (Turner* of Excise to Goltllmith* Company.

such other Time* after the Expiration of the find Month, as maybe appointed in Writing by the find Collector deliver or cause to be delivered to such Collector, all such Books of Account and Duplicate Receipts for th* Quarter ending bn such Twenty-fifth Day of December, Twenty-fifth Day of March, Twenty-fourth Day of June, and Twenty-ninth Day of September ref pc lively.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes shall make an Allowance or Payment out of the Duties received under this Act, to the said Company or Fraternity of Gold, smiths in Dublin, for their Expence3, Pains, and Trouble, in the Execution of this Act, alter the Rate of One Shilling in the Pound, for all Monies received by any Collector of Excise as aforesaid, and duly accounted for, according to the Directions of this Act,

Penalty on A(T«y

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Assay Mailer, Deputy Assay Mailer, or other Officer, shall

Matter, kc. for neglect or refuse to keep such Books arid Accounts, or to give such Receipts as by this Act he is required to onfiNon°a meat ^0» or return and lodge the said Books or Accounts in Manner by this Act directed, or to receive the said of Money*Duties and Sums of Money, or to pay over the fame in Manner by this Act directed; or if the said Company received, icnl. of Goldsmiths in Dublin shall refuse or neglect to deliver or cause to be delivered the Copies of the said Accounts, and double the or to pay over the said Duties and Sums of Money in Manner aforesaid, every such Afiay Master, Deputy Assay Money received. Mailer, or other Officer, and the Clerk or Accountant of the said Company respectively, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, together with double the Amount of the Sum of Money or Duty so received by such Afiay Mailer, Deputy Afiay Mailer, or other Officer, under the Direction or by Authority or Pretence of this Act, or which such Assay Mailer, Deputy Assay Mailer, Officer, Clerk, Accountant, or other Person, ought to have received according to the Directions of this Act.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Goldsmith, Silversmith, or other Person working or trading in Ireland in wrought or manufactured Gold or Silver Plate, shall sell or expose to side, barter or exchange, any Gold or Silver Plate, or Manufacture of Gold or Silver, unless it be Silver Wire, or such Things not exceeding Four Penny Weights, which, in respect of their Sraallness, are not capable of receiving a Mark, until such Time as such Plate or Manufacture of Gold or Silver shall be allayed, touched, and marked, in Manner herein prescribed in that Behalf, upon Pain of forfeiting the Sum of One hundred Pounds for every such Offence 5 and all such Plate or Manufacture of Gold or Silver which shall be found in the House, Shop. Room or other Place of any such Goldsmith, Silversmith, or other Person, for the Purpose of Sale, and which shall not be allayed, touched, or marked in Manner herein directed, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of IntandJSxcile and Taxe9, or by any Officers of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall buy, take, or receive, in the Way of Purchase, Barter, or Exchange, any wrought or manufactured Gold or Silver Plate, or Manufacture of Gold or Silver, from any Goldsmith, Silversmith, or other PeiTou whatsoever, working or trading in wrought or manufactured Gold or Silver in Ireland (unless it be Silver Wire, or such Things not exceeding Four Penny Weights which, io respect of their Smallness, are not capable of receiving a Mark) not being allayed, touched, and marked by the Assay Mailer in Manner herein prescribed, at the Time such Gold or Silver Plate shall be delivered to the Buyer or Receiver thereof, upon Pain of forfeiting a Sum equal to the Value thereof, to be sued for and recovered by any Person who shall discover the fame, for the foie Benefit of the Person so discovering and suing; which Suit, where the said Value fit all not exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds, shall be by Civil Bill, before the Afiiilant Barrister, at the Sessions of the Peace for the several and respective Counties in Ireland, or before the Chairman of the Sessions of the County of Dublin, or before the Recorder of the City of Dublin respectively 5 and where the Value of such Plate shall exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds, then such Penalty shall be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Dublin.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall caff, forge, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be caff, forged, or counterfeited, any Mark or Stamp used or directed to be used in pursuance of this Act for the marking or stamping of Gold or Silver Plate, or shall caff, forge, or counterfeit, or shall cause or procure to be caff, forged, or counterfeited any Mark, Stamp, or Impression, in Imitation of, or to resemble any Mark, Stamp, or Impression made or to be made, with any Mark or Stamp used or to be used as aforesaid, or shall mark or ft amp, or cause or procure to be marked or Ramped, any wrought Plate of Gold or Silver, or any Wares of Silver, Brass, Copper, or other Metal, gilt over or plated, and resembling Plate of Gold or Silver, with any Mark or Stamp which hath been or shall be caff, forged, or counterfeited at any Time, in Imitation of, or to resemble any Mark or Stamp used or to be used as aforesaid, or shall transpose or remove, or cause or procureto be trcnfpoicd or removed, from one Piece of wrought Plate to another Piece of wrought Plate, or from any Piece of wrought Plate to any Veil'd of Silver, Brass, or other Metal as aforesaid, any Mark, Stamp, or Impression made or to be made by or with any Mark or Stamp used or to be used as aforesaid, or shall fell, exchange, or expose to side, or export out of Ireland, any wrought Plate of Gold or Silver, or any Velfilof Silver, Brass, or other Metal as aforesaid, with any such forged or counterfeited Mrrk, Stamp, or-Impreluon thereon, or with any Mark, Stamp, or Impression which hath been or shall be transpoi'.d or removed, or cut out from any Piece ot wrought Plate, knowing such Mark, c tamp, or Impression to be forced, counterfeited, or transposed, cut out, or removed as aforesaid, or shall wilfully or knowingly have or be poll'elTed of any Mark or Stamp which du th been or shall be forged or counterfeited, in Imitation of, or to rtfcmble any Mark or Stamp used or to be used as aforesaid, every such Person offending rn any or either of such Cases aforesaid, being then of lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony and shall be sentenced to be transported for the Term of Seven Years in such Manner as other Felons may he transported under any Act or Acts in force in Ireland: And if any Person or Persons shall cut out of one Piece of wrought Jiate, any Stamp, Mark, or Impression, made or to be made, by or with any Mark or Stamp to be used as

aforesaid,

Penalty on Goldsmirhi felling Plajre not afljyeri and -marked rool. and Forfutuic.

Penalty on'Pet tons buy ing Phrc not stamped, the Value thereof.

Penalty on

forging Vf

tianfpoli g "Marks or Stamp,

A.D. 1807. 47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. 0.15, 16. 161

aforesaid, with Intent to transpofi? or remove such Stamp, Mark, or ImprefCon, or with Intent that the same shall and may be transposed or removed from one Piece of wrought Plate to another Pieca of wrought Plate, or from any Piece of wrought Plate to any Vessel of Silver, Brass, Copper, or other Metal, gilt or plated, and resembling Plate of Gold or Silver, every such Person so offending shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures inflicted by this Recovery of Act, shall be paid and recovered in British Currency; and that all such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, the Ptfnail, cl#

Recovery whereof is not otherwise provided for by this Act, shall and may be sued for and recovered, levied,

and applied, in such Manner and Form, and by such Ways and Means, and with such Powers and Authorities

as are prescribed, directed, and appointed in and by an Act of Parliament made in Ireland, in the Fourteenth and

Fifteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Ml for the settling of the5 Car. a.

Excise or new Impofl upon His Majesty, Hi* Heirs and Successors, according to the Book of Rates therein itiferied; or c'

in and by an Act, made in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to provide 4^ 3- c

far the letter Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters, and Things under the Management of the Lm.miftoners cf Cujfoms and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland; or

in and by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to any of the said Revenues, Matters, and Things,

under the Management of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, as fully and effectually, to all Intents

Conftmftions, and Purposes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned and expressed and rc-ennftecl in this Act, with like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party and Parties who shall think him, her, or t hemic Ives

aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said Acts or any of them is provided and enacted.

CAP. XVI.

An Act to grant to His Majesty until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and

eight certain Duties on the Importation, and to allow Drawbacks on the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, into and from Ireland. [ill August 1807.]

u Duties and Drawbacks in Schedules A. and B. granted and allowed, §1. — Duties payable on all Goods not having paid Former Duties, § a. — Duties may be secured by Bond, §3.

IV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize (except as herein after Exporter of Fr<«

mentioned) shall be entered for Exportation from Ireland to Great Britain, which shall not be entitled to any Goods to Great Drawback or Bounty on the Exportation thereof, and concerning which no Order or Proclamation shall be Bmain rti-H not made in Manner herein after mentioned, the Exporter of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize shall not he ta

required to onter into any Band or Obligation respecting the due Exportation thereof to or landing thereof in cxccpUn certain Great Britain, any Thing in any Act or Acts in force in Ireland to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided Cate*.

always, that it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, by and with the Advice of His Majesty's Privy Council of Ireland, to order and declare by Proclamation, that the Exporter and Exporters to Great Britain of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize to be mentioned in such Order and Proclamation, shall enter into and give Bond for the due Exportation thereof to and Landing thereof in Great Britain, with such Provisions and Conditions, and in such Manner as such Exporter or Exporters are required to do by any Act or Acts in force in Ireland at the Time of the passing of this Act, and such Exporter or Exporters shall, as to such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, enter into and give such Bond accordingly; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided also, that the Exporter of any Tools, Utensils, Machines, Engines, PrelTes, Paper Utensils, or Instruments mentioned in an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled,

An S3 to prevent the Practice of seducing Artifcers and Manufacturers of this Kingdom, and of exporting the several 15 G. 3.(1.) Tools and Utensils made use of in preparing and working up the Manufacturers thereof, into Parts beyond the Seas; or c. 17. in an Aftmacfe in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for amending 31 G. 3. (I) the said recited Act of the Twenty-fifth Year, shall give such Bond, and enter into such Securities as are required by the said recited Acts, or either of them; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And to obviate any Doubts which may arifeor happen respecting the Importation of Meal, Flour, Bread, Konebu*. Briiith

ind Biscuit into Ireland, be it declared and enacted, That so much of an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland Meal or Flour held in the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for regulating the be imported Corn Trade, promoting Agri u'ture, and provi ing a regular 'an I Jleady Supply of Corn in this Kingdom, and for , !, r° 1 c, anr}-granting to His Majesty, His Heirs end Succejfsrs, the Duties therein mentioned, ns enacts, that no Corn or Grain 1*9* § iVj

ground into Meal or Flour, or made into Bread or Biscuit, shall at any Time, be imported into Ireland, except

from Great Britain, and of British Growth or Manufacture, under Penalty of the Forfeiture of all such Meal,

Flour, Bread, or Biscuit, and the Bum of Five Pounds for every Hundred Weight thereof, shall be, and thcfnme is hereby declared to be in full Force and Eftcft; any Thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Importer of Tobacco into Ireland, may secure the Duty payable Tobacco my be on the Import of such Tobacco, which at any Time before the passing of this Act shall have been imported and landed for

he warehous'd in any of His Majesty's Ware>ufi»3, or which shall be imported at any Time after the passing of Tr.tcc Y.-r*.

this Act, and be so warehous'd in Manner following, that is to say, that every such Importer shall give Bond

for the Amount of the Import Duty by Law payable thereon, such Bond to be made payable at the End of

Three Year from the Time of the Importation of all such Tobacco as shall have been so imported and warehous'd

Mere the passing of this Act, and at the End of three Years from the Time of giving such Bond, as to ail

such Tobacco as shall be imported after the passing of this Act.

47 Geo. III.'Y VII. And

i6a

Drawbacks of Itscife lh.dl be p.»id by Commissioners of Excise on Cc'tificate of Officer of Customs,

[See 46 G. 3.

5?- 5]

Piftiibution of Produce of Tobacro and S'lii it«* (eized.

[ See 46 C». c. % t- )

C. t6. 47° GEORGII III. Self. 2. A.D. 1B07.

VII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Drawback or any Bounty or Allowance in the Nature of a Drawback, shall be payable on the Exportation from Ireland, of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, iu respect of any internal Duty of Excise which shall have been paid in Ireland on or in respect of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize so exported, it shall and maybe lawful for the Collector, Comptroller, or other Chief Officer of the Cudoms for the Ports from whence such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall be exported, and such Collector, Comptroller, or other Officer is hereby required to grant to the Exporter of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize a Certificate, in Writing, dating the Quantity, Quality, and Nature thereof, the Time when and the Name of the Vessel in which the same shall be shipped, the Amount of the Drawback, Bounty, or Allowance payable thereon, and the Time when such Drawback, Bounty, or Allowance is by Law due and payable, and that the said Exporter has complied with all the Conditions and Regulations required by Law for the entitling such Exporter to receive such Drawback, Bounty, or Allowance, and upon the Production of the said Certificate to the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland\ it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required to order such Drawback, Bounty, or Allowance to be paid out of the Revenues of Evcife to the Exporter of such Goods, .Wares, and Merchandize; and every such Collector, Comptroller, or other Chief Officer of the Cudoms, shall give such Certificate without any Fee or Reward whatsoever, on Demand thereof made by such Exporter; and such Certificate, together with such Order of the said Commissioners shall be a sufficient Acquittance to any Collector of Excite or Taxes for the Sum of Money paid by him on Account thereof, pursuant to such Order of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Tobacco, or any Brandy, Rum, Geneva, or other Foreign Spirits shall be seized as having been illegally imported into Ireland, or attempted or intended so to be, or for any other Cauie of Seizure or Forfeiture, and shall be condemned accordingly, the whole Produce of the Sale thereof, after Payment of the Duty of Customs chargeable thereon, shall goto and be to the Use of the Person or Persons who shall seize and discover, or give Information of or prove the said Offence, any Tiling in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that any Tobacco so fold shall be liable to al! Duties of Exeifc.

u Duties shall be paid in British Currency and carried to Consolidated Fund, §9. — Duties and Drawbacks shall u be paid under Regulations of 14 & 15 C. 2. c. 8. &c. §10. — Continuance of Act, 5th July 1808, § lid'

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE

A SCHEDULE of the Net Duties payable on Importation into Ireland, of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein enumerated or described (not being the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain); and of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the due Exportation thereof from Ireland, in lku of former Duties and Drawbacks on the like Articles.

Paper, viz.

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois, of — — Brown Paper, made of old Ropes or Cordage only, without extracting or

separating the Pitch or Tar therefrom, and without any Mixture of other Materials therewith, and of all Button Paper and Button Board — - — White Paper, ami Paper of any other Sort or Kind whatever, not particu-

larly enumerated or described, for every lb.

- Printed, painted, (lained, or dyed Paper, or Paper Hangings, the square Yard

- Pasteboard. Millboard, and Scaleboard, and Paper commonly called by the

Name of Sheathing or Sheathing Paper, the cvrt.

- Glazed Paper, for Clothiers and Hotpressers, the cwt.

- Gold Paper, the fmull Giofs -

Raisins, the cwt. viz.

- Belvidere, Dcnia, Faro, Lexia, and Lipari Raisins, imported in Shipping

of the Unit'ed Kingdom -

- imported in foreign Shipping

- Smyrna, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- imported in foreign Shippir.c

- of the Sun, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- imported in foreign Shipping -

- not particularly enumerated or described, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -

- imported in Sbrcign Shipping

Tobacco, viz.

- unmanufactured, of the Growth or Production of His Majesty's Colonies,

Plantations, Islands, or Territories in America, or of the United States of America, the lb.

- if imported by Strangers, or if by any Law now in force subject to Aliens Duty, then a further Duty for every ib.

Vinegar, or Verjuice, the Tun, of 25a Gallons

1) isis s.

O

25

d.

18

1

1

4

JO

6

12

o 6

PrawW.-ck).

£ J. d.

0 0 4

016 8

OI7O I 0 0

100 1 2 0

i 8 3

140 1 10 t

00 6 o o 1

20 0 0

A.D. 1807.

Schedule (A.) — continued.

Wood, viz.

The Giow'Cii or Production of any place except the United Sutes of America and the British Colonies.

I on ported in Shipping of the Unired Kingdom.

Duties.

Drawbacks.

For the Duties on Wood imported from the £ x. d.

Urited States of America, lee Schedule (B.)

Anchor Stocks, each - o I 7

Balks, the 120.. viz.

--being 5 Inches square, and under 8 Inches

square, or if 24 Feet in length, or upwards - - - 5 3 10

- under' 5 Inches square, and under 24

Feet in length - 1180

- being 8 Inches square, and upwards, are

to be considered as Timber, and pay Duty as such.

Barrel Boards. See Boards.

- Staves. See Staves.

Battens, and Batten Ends of all Sorts

- exceeding 7 Inches

in Breadth, to be deemed Deals and Deal Ends, and to pay Duty as such, according to their respective Dimensions.

Beech Boards. See Boards.

- Flank, being 2 Inches inThickness or upwards, the Load of 50 Cubic Feet o 15 4

- of the Growth or Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, the 120 — Quarters, the 120, being 5 Inches square, and under 8 Inches square — being under j Inches square Boards, Barrel, the 120

- Beach, under 2 Inches in Thickness,

the 120

- being under 15 Feet in Length x 17

- being 15 Feet in Length or

upwards - -30

- Clap Boards or Clap Holt, not exceeding 5 Feet 3 Inches in Length, and under 8 Inches square, the 120 158

- Linn Boards, or White Boards for Shoemakers, Feet in Length the 120, viz.

- under6Inches inThickness

- being 6 Inches in Thick-

ness, ov upwards

- Oak, under 2 Inches in Thickness, the

120, viz.

- under 15 Feet in Length

- 15 Feet in Length or upwards

- Paling, hewed on the one Side, the

120 viz.

- not exceeding 7 Feet in Length — exceeding 7 Feet in Length

--Pipe, under 8 Inches square, the 120, viz.

- above 5 Feet 3 Inches in Length and not exceeding 8 Feet in Length - 1 15 3

- exceeding8 Feet in Length [ 2 73

£ /. d.

0011

3 10

193

Imported in Fortigu Shipping.

The* Growth or Proritt&ion of the stritish Colonies or Plantations.

Duties.

d.

8

6

4

Drawbacks.

Duties.

£ s. d.

1 o

37

1 11

£ 1. d. ° 7

l^o 11

See TABLE No. I. at the End of this Schedule.! 056

Drawbacks.

2 14 8 i 10 6 o 15 5

4

o

3 4

6 11

2 10

33

o 6

o 11

o 9

2 6

1 5

o 14

2 14

o n 11

2 10 c

5 0 c

4

8

13° 1 16 11

o 16 8

326 1 12 10 o 16 6

2 1 xo

3 3 0

1 6 5

3 10 7 2

2 15

3*9

© 6

o 12

x 16 2 8

o to o

- I o 3 4 o o 4

2 10 11 1 7 6 © 15

O XX

O X

I 18

15

o it 7 I O t 3

009

2 18 6 12

o

o

o

o

8

o

4 1

8 8

1 3 10

1 18, 0

o 8

027

164 C.i$.

Schedule (A..)* — continued*

The Growth 01 Prod u& ion of any Place except the United States of America and the British Colonies. The Growth or Production Of the BntiQi Colonies or Plantations.

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom. Imported ii Ship] n Foreign ling.

Duties. Drawbacks. Duties. Drawbacks. Duties. Drawb cks.

£ J* d. £ $. d. £ /. d* £ 1. d. £ #. d. £ 1, d.

Oio 0 0 8 0 1 1 0 0 9

- 0 3 4 0 0 3

288*9 5 2 11 5 I X2 2 1 1 2 O I 9

1 5 0 — X 5 0 —

050 026 0 5 0 O 2 6

0 10 0 020 0 IO 0 O 2 0

See Table 1 <0, II. at th c End of thi is Schedule. 0 5 6 00 6

S16 o 8 398 )6 0 8 390 J4 0 —

023 018 0 290 2 2 0 0 7 0 0 1

I xo 0 176 1 13 4 1 10 0

r 11 0 010

2 79 8 2 13 10 3 6 4 3 0 0 J

0 15 0 0x6 0 0 0 1 6

014 0 2 4 ... 0 1 6 002

028 — ' 0 3 6 — 0 2 0 —

076 0 5 1 0 8 8 0 6 3

r° 5 6 006

I 14 0 1 2 5 1 2 1 39j

Olio 084 Q 12 1 092 0 3 8 004

0 1790 14 0 I 491 1 0

r° 3 10 0 0 4

x 6 5 1 1 0 I 8 1 1 2 7 J

0 7 4 008 O 7 4 0 0 8 0 7 4 008

056 007 O 5 6 0 0 7

0 0 300 4 0 0 3 0 0 1 l5 10 too

027 0 in 0 2 8 0 2 0 0 2 2 016

0 5 4 0 3 6 0 S 8 0 4 5 0 4 5 0 3 X

W ood. — continued.

Boards,

- Wainscot, containing 12 Feet in Length, and One Inch in Thickness, and lo in] Proportion for any greater Length of Thickness, the Foot — ' of all Sorts, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, being the Growth or Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, the 120 — White. See Linn Boards.

Boom Spars. See Spare.

Bowsprits. See Malts.

Boxwood, the Ton of 20 Cwt.

Brazil or Fernambucco Wood, the Ton of 20 Cwt.

Brazilletto or JamaicaWood, the Ton of 20 Cwt. Cam Wood, the Ton of 20 Cwt.

Cant Spare. See Spare.

Clap Holt. See Boards.

Deals and Deal Ends of all Sorts, the 120 Ebony, the Ton of 20 Cwt.

Firewood the Fathom, being 6 Feet wide and 6 Feet high -

Fir Quarters, under 8 Inches square, the 120, viz. — under 5 Inches square, and under 24 Feet in Length '5 Inches square and under 8 Inches

square, if 24 Feet or upwards in Length Fir Timber. See Timber.

Fustick, the Ton of 20 Cwt.

Guinea Wood. See Red Wood.

Handspikes, the I zb, viz.

- .under 7 Feet in Length

- being 7 Feet in Length or upwards Knees of Oak, under 8 Inches square, the 120, viz.

- under 5 Inches square

being 5 Inches square, and under 8 Inches square

- being 8 Inches square and up wards,

the Load of 50 Cubic Feet Lath wood, the Fathom, being 6 Feet wide and 6 Feet high, viz.

- in Pieces under 5 Feet in Length

in Pieces being 5 Feet in Length or upwards

Lignum Vitse, the Ton of 20 Cwt.

Linn Boards. See Boards.

Logwood, the Ton of 20 Cwt.

Logs, Wainscot. See Wainscot.

Mahogany, the Load of 50 Cubic Feet Masts, Yards, and Bowsprits, being 6 li

and under 12 Inches in Diameter, the Piece, viz.

- being 6 Inches and under 8 Inches in

Diameter -

being 8 Inches and under 12 Inches in Diameter

A.D. 1807.

Schedule* {A.) — eonttnutd.

The Growth ur Product ion of any Place except the Uui: ed States of America and rne British Colonies.

Mail*, Yards, and Bowsprits, being 12 Inches and upwards in Diameter, the Load of 50 Cubic Feet N B. Ma(U, Yards and Bowsprits, under 6 Inches in Diameter, to pay Duty as Spars of tVe like Denomination. Nicaragua Wood, the Tun of 2 0 Cwt.

Oak Boards. See Boards.

- Kuees. See Knees of Oak.

- Plank, being a Inches and upwards in Tlnckness, the Load or 50 Cubic Feet -

- of all Sorts, of the Growth or Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, the

- Timber. Sec Timber.

Oars, the 120

Olive Wood, the Ton of 20 Cwt*

Is"

Plank Beech. See Beech Plank.

- Oak. See Oak Plank.

Red or Guinea Wood, the Ton of 2c Cwt.

Round Wood, in Pieces under N laches square, the 120, viz.

- under 6 Feet in Length

- .being 6 Feet in Length and upwards

Sapan Wood, for every £ 100 of the Value Sanders Wood, the Ton of 20 Cwt.

Spars, the 120, viz.

- under 22 Feet in Length, and under 4

Inches in Diameter, exclusive of the Bark

- being 21 Feet in Length and upwards,

and under Inches in Diameter, exclusive of the Bark — 4 Inches and under 6 Inches in Diameter, exclusive of the Bark N.B. All Spars, 6 Inches and upwards in Diameter, are to pay Duty as Masts, according to their respective Dimensions.

Speckled Wood, the Ton of 20 Cwt.

Spokes for Wheels, the 1, 000, viz.

- not exceeding 2 Feet in Length

- exceeding 2 Feet in Length Stares of all Sorts, the 120, viz.

- not exceeding 50 Inches in Length

- exceeding 50 Inches in Length Sweet Wood, the Ton of 20 Cwt.

Timber, viz. 5 Fir Timber, the Load of 50 Cu

bic Feet, viz ...being 8 inches square and not exceeding 10 Inches square

- exceeding to Inches

square

Imported in Shipping of lh« United K» >gdom. imported in Foreign Shipping.

Duties. Dr <\t"'aclc*. Duties. Drawbacks.

£ /. d. 0 17 3 £ /. d. 098 £ s. d. 0 18 4 £ /. d. 1 0 IQ 9

x 0 0 0100 100 0 IO 0

0 1890 12 II 104 00 O

- I -

2 3 1 19+ UOl i 16 4

The Growth or Production of the BriuCh Colonies or Plantations.

I Q O

O II

1

20

2

0 12 O

1 4 6

3 110

3 3

1 7 10

2 18

0

1

6

o 8 10 o 14

Duties.

£ /. d. 015 5

Drawbacks.

£ /» d.

o 7 10

o 2

o 10 o

056

0 5 6 0 0

0 13 a 1 0 1 s

Q 8 3 0 0 9

O II l6 13

1 20

2

O IO

o 6

0 <3

16 13

: }

3*9

2 2

2

0 0 2.

o 7 10 1 o 13

o S 8 I o 8 6

o 16 o

x3

2 16

o 19 10

3 3

5

*3

3 8

i 10

3 a

6

6

o 17*5

2 16 o

o 3 6

at 6

o o o o

2 l6

o

o

3

o 7 O 12

O9o 15

I

0

7

1 o

o

6

o 11

I II

6 o 1

042

o o o o 2 l6

O O O I o II

080

° J3

0 o r

001 049

002

Schedule (A.) — continued.

The Growth 01 r Piudu£t>on of any Place except the United

States of America and the British Col- cnicfc. The Growth 0 1 Production

Imported in Shipping of the imported in Foreign of the Bmish Colonic* ftr Plju.'il'ftns

Wood. — continued. United is kingdom. Shipping.

/ Duties. Drawback*. Dutirs. Drawback*. Duties. DuvrUcks.

Timber, viz. Oak Timber, 8 Iuches square or £ s. £ s. d. £ s d. £ s. d. £ /. d. £ x A

upwards, the Load of 50 Cubic u.

Feet - OI5O 0 io 6 0 15 IO 0 11 4 038 004

of all Sorts, not particularly enu-

merated or described, or other-

wife charged with Duty, being

8 Inches square or upwards, the

Load of 50 Cubic Feet'O9O 056 0 IO 0 070 016 0 0 2

Trenails, or Treenails, the 1 000 0 3 10 0 1 10, 0 4 5 025

Users, under 8 Inches square, the 120, viz.

- under 5 Inches square, and under 24

Feet in Length 1 13 0 1 10 0 I 14 I i 11 1

- being 5 Inches square. and under 8 Inches f -

square, or if 24 Feet in Length or )0 0 10 0 0 IO

upwards - - 3 1° 4 3 4 4 3 11 6 3 5 $ )

Wainscot Boards. See Boards.

- Logs, 8 Inches square or upwards.

the Load of 50 Cubic Feet 0 17 8 0911 0 1890 110 038 0 04

Yards, See Mads.

Wood unmanufactured, not particularly enu-

merated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every £ 100 of V

the Value - - 20 5 4 16 is 4 20 $ 4 16 13 4 3 19 2 072

TABLE No. I.

BATTENS and Batten Ends (the Growth or Production of any Place other than of the United States of America, ertbe British C olonies or Plantations), not exceeding Seven Inches in Breadth, the 120, viz.

c T'j^ .A B Being in Thickness not exceeding

Being in Length. Two Inches and a Half. Three (ndiei and a Half. Four Inches and a Ball

B ATTENS. Duties Drawbacks. Duties. Drawbacks. Duties. Dr aw few tl.

Eight Feet and under Twelve Feet. £ t. d. £ d. £ s. d. £ s. d. £ S. d. £ X. 4.

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 0 T 6 3 0 14 1 1 0 3 0 17 11 1 3 3 1 0 10

- in Foreign Shipping Twelve Feet and under Fourteen Feet. 0 18 7 0 16 4 1 2 7 1 0 1 1 5 B 1 3 4

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 0 J9 0 0 16 3 1 3 3 104 1 6 5 1 3

in Foreign Shipping 1 090 18 3 1 5 3 1 2 11 j 1 8 6 i 6 a

Fourteen Feet and under Sixteen Feet.

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 1 1 0 0 : S j 1 5 6* 5 1 8 n 1 5 8

- in Foreign Shipping Sixteen Feet and under Eighteen Feet. Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 1 3 V 1 0 10 1 8 9*S 7 I 12919i

1 2 2 0 19 8 1 6 11 1 4 3 I 10 3 1 7 5

- in Foreign Shipping 1 5 3 1 291 11 1 1 7 10 I 14 3 1 11 3

Eighteen Feet and not exceeding Twenty Feet. 911

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 1 4 6 1 1 7.193 1 6 so I 13 0 1

1 7 1 1 4 n*1* 5 1 10 3 Goog; le 10 X 1 14 4

Table No. l. — continued*

Being in Length. Being in Thickness not exceeding.

Two Inches and a Half. Three inches and a Half Fwur Inches and a Half.

BATTEN $ — continued. Exceeding twenty Feet. Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom in Foreign Shipping Duties. Drawbacks. Duties. Drawbacks. Durics. Drawbsrks.

£ /. d. 195 x 13 11 £ /. d. 1 6 3 1 10 7 £ s. d 1 16 2 207 £ /. d. I 12 10 I I? I £ x. d. X f9 3 2 5 1 '£ /. d. 1 4$ 2 1 5

BATTEN ENDS. Under Five Feet. Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom — in Foreign Shipping Five Feet and under Eight Feet. Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom — - — in Foreign Shipping 050 057 062 0 6 10 0 4 10 0 5 5 0 5 xo 066 078 082 092 099 0 7 5 0 7 10 087 093 0 911 0 xo 5 on 6 0 12 3 097 0102 0 10 10 0 11 10

TABLE No. IL

DEALS and DEAL ENDS, the Growth or Production of any Place other than of the United State* of America, or the

Britishi Colonies or Plantations, the izo, viz.

Being in Length. Being in Thickness not xceeding

Two Inches and; i H.ilf. Three inches and a Half. four Inches and a Ha! if.

DEALS. Dutis. Dr iu back'. Duties. Drawbacks. Duties. Drawbacks

Eight Feet and under Twelve Feet. £/. .d. £ / .d. £ /. £ .d. £ s. </. £ ? x«.d.

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom I 8 8 I 7 3 I5 0 I3 4 I9 5 17 6

1 in Foreign Shipping 13 5 1 891 x9 11 I7 10 2 5 6 2 2 6

Twelve Feet and under Fourteen Feet,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom I 12 2 I 10 11 I 18 2 I7 0 2 2 6 2 1 6

- in Foreign Shipping Fourteen Feet and under Sixteen Feet. I7 0 I H 7 2 4 0 2 3 6 2 8 11 2 4 7

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom I 16 8 I 14 8 2 4 8 2 1 11 2 ? 8 2 6 9

in Foreign Shipping 2 2 XI 2 0 3 2 10 4 2 6 8 2 16 5 2 J3 r

Siiteen Feet and under Eighteen Feet.

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 2 39I9 8 2 12 11 2 7 8 2 18 8 2 12 10

- in Foreign Shipping Eighteen Feet and not exceeding Twenty Feet. 2 892 5 8 2 19 0 2 x493 5 4 3 0 6

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 2 5 5 2 2 5 24 6 2 1193 0 5 2 36 5

in Foreign Shipping.2 10 5 290 3 0 0 2 18 4 3 8 1 3 5 3

Exceeding Twenty Feet and not exceeding Twenty-five Feet.

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 2 12 11 2 1093 2 0 3 0 2 3.793 6 t>

- in Foreign Shipping*- 3 1 8 2 l9 3 2 109398 3 18 2 3 x7 1

Exceeding Twenty-five Feet and under Thirty Feet.

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 3 3 8 3 0 5 3 M 5 3 12 5 4 193 18 2

- in Foreign Shipping -.Thirty Feet and upwards 3 H 8 3 IO 8 4 7 0 4 2 j 1 4 lS 6 4 11 8

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 3 H 3 3911 4 7 6 A 4 2 4594 10 4

- in Foreign Shipping 4 8 7 4 2 0 5 3 6 4 16 6 5 !5 7 5 6 4

DEAL ENDS. Under Five Feet.

Imported in Shipp ng of the United Kingdom 0 11 0 0 10 7 0 x4 ir 04 2 0 18 3 0 17 3

in Foreign Shipping 0 12 4 0 11 8 0 16 5 0 6 0 >9 11 0 18 11

Five Fee t and under l?: Vht Fe^t.

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 03 0 0 12 6 1 16 11 0 16 3 1 0 2 0 J9 4

in Foreign Shipping 04 S 0 13 10 0 18 4 0 >791 2 3 1 1 2

u.

1

168 C. 16.

470 GEORGII III. Sess. 2.

A.D. 1807.

SCHEDULE (B.)

A SCHEDULE of the Net Duties to be charged on the Importation into Ireland of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein enumerated or described, being of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of the United States of America; and of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the Exportation thereof from Ireland.

Tobacco, the lb. viz. s€ s. d.

- unmanufactured -

- if imported by Strangers, or if by any Law now in force it be subjc& to Aliens Duty,

then a further Duty of -

Wood, viz.

- Anchor Stocks, the Piece -

- Balks of all Sorts, under 8 Inches square, the 120

- hittens and Batten Ends, of all Sorts, the 120 -

- Beech Planks of all Sorts, the 120

- Beech Quarters of all Sorts, under 8 Inches square, the 120 -

..» - Boards, the 1 o, viz.

- Clap Boards, not exceeding 5 Feet 3 Inches in Length, and under 8 Inches square

- )ipe Boards, exceeding 5 Feet 3 Inches in Length, and under 8 Inches square

- 1* Bowsprits, See Mails.

- Boxwood, the Ton of 20 Cwt.

--Deals and Deal Ends, of all Sorts, the 120 -

- Ebony, the Ton of 20 Cwt.

- Fire Wood, the Fathom, 6 Feet wide, and 6 Feet high -

- Fir Quarters, of all Sorts, under 8 Inches square, the 120 1

- Handspikes, the 120, viz.

- under 7 Feet in Length -

7 Feet in Length, or upwards, -

- Knees of Oak, of all Sorts, under 8 Inches square, the 120 -

- 8 Inches square, or upwards, the Load of $o Cubic Feet

1 — - Lath wood, in Pieces, of all Sorts, the Fathom, 6 Feet wide, and 6 Feet high

- Lignum Vita: , the Ton of 20 Cwt.

- Mahogany, the Load of 30 Cubic Feet -

Mads, Yards, or Bowsprits, 6 Inches in Diameter, andund*r 8 Inches, the Piece

- 8 Inches in Diameter, and under 12 Inches, the Piece

12 Inches in Diameter, and upwards, the Load of 50 Cubic Feet

Oak Plank, of all Sorts, the 120 -

Oars, the 120 -

Olive Wood, the Ton of 20 cwt.

Round Wood, in Pieces of all Sorts under 8 Inches square, the t ?o Spars of all Sorts, under 6 Inches in Diameter (exclusive of the Bark), the 120 S-eckled Wood, the Ton of 20 cwt.

- Spokes for Wheels of all Sorts, the igoo

Staves of all Sorts, the 120, viz.

, — not exceeding 50 Inches in Length -

- exceeding $0 Inches in Length -

Sweet Wood, the Ton of 20 cwt.

Timber; Oak, being 8 Inches square, or upwards, the Load of 50 Cubic Feet Timber of all Sorts, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with

Duty being 8 Inches square, or upwards, the Load of 50 Cubic Feet Users of all Sorts, under 8 Inches square. the 120 -

Waiufcot Logs, being 8 Inches square, or upward), the Load of 50 Cubic Feet Yards See Mads.

Wood unmanufactured, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, not being exempt from Duty, for every £icq oflhc Value

Duties.

Drawbacks.

£ s.

0 0 6 0 0 6

0 0 1 0 0 1

0 0 7 0 0 0

0: 11 0 0 0 0

0 5 6 0 0 6

0 3 4 0 0 4

0 (i 0 0 1 0

0 8 3 0 0 9

0 8 7 0 % 7

1 1 2 0 1 9

0 5 6 0 0 6

0 '4 0 0 0 0

0 0 7 0 0 1

0 11 0 0 ( 0.

0 1 <5 0 0 2

0 2 0 0 0 0

0 5 6 0 0 6

0 3 8 0 0 4

0 3 10 0 0 4

0 7 4 0 0 8

1 0 15 2 10 2 1 0 0 1 0 6

0 4 5 0 3 1

05 5 0 7 10 6

0 5 6 0 0

03 2 0 l 2

0 8 3 0 0 9

0 2 t 0 0 2

0 8 6 0 2 6

0 11 0 0 1 0

0 4 2 0 0 5

0 0 7 0 0 j

0 1 i 0 0 1

0 11 0 0 4 9

0 3 8 0 0 4

0 1 6 0 0 2

0 8 10 0 0 10

0 3 8 0 0 4

39 2 0 7

CAP'

A.D. 1807.

470 GEORGII III. Sess.2.

C. 17. .169

CAP. XVII.

An Act to amend an Act made in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for the regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland. [ill August 1807.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to 6 o\idi for the regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirits di titled In Ireland, and the warrhousing of such Spirits for Exportation f it is amongst other Things enacted, That no Licence shall be granted for the keeping or uiiag any Still, the Body whereof, without the Head or ar.y other Appendage

thereto, should not be capable of containing Five hundred Gallons at the least: And Whereas it may be necessary to allow, in certain Farts of Ireland, the Use of Stills, of a Content less than Five hundred Gallons, in Manner and under the Reductions hcrei.i-after mentioned be it therefore cuafted, by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any Four of them, to grant any Licence to any Person or Persons in Ireland to keep and use, from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thou fund eight hundred and seven, any Still or Stills the Body whereof, without the Head or a.iy other Appendage thereto, shall be capable of containing lei's than Five hundred Gallons, and not lcfsthan Two hundred Gallons, in such Place or Places in Ireland, as such Commissioners or any Four of them shall think pro, or, any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding: Subject nevertheless to such Rellriftio.is and Provisions as are herein after mentioned and contained.-

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be licensed by the said Commissioners to keep or use any such Still or Stills of a Content less than Five hundred Gallons, in any Hace or Part of Ireland within Five Miles of any Distillery House or Place wherein any Still or Stills of Five hundred Gallons Content or upwards shall at the Time be licensed to be kept or used, any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and that all Licences to any Person or Persons to keep or use any such Still or Stills of a Content less than Five hundred Gallons, shall be signed by Four of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, and shall be granted in such Manner, and under such Rules, Regulations, Reflnftions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as are provided and enacted by this Act, and in and by the said recited Act of the Forty-sixth Year aforesaid, with respect to Stills allowed Vo be licensed under the said recited Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons fhidl be lieeufed to keep or use a Still of Five

hundred Gallons Content or upwards, and a Still of a less Conigjt. tJ.un Five hundred Gallons Content, at one and the same Time.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if the said Commissioners shall grant a Licence to any Person or Persons to keep or use a Still or Stills of Five hundred Gallons Content or upwards, in any Place within Five Miles of a Distillery where One or more Still or Stills of less than Five hundred Gallons Content shall be licensed to be krpt or used under this Act.such Still or Stills of less than Five hundred Gallons Content may be continued to be kept and used at such Place, and the Licence for so doing may be renewed, for One Year, from the Twenty-ninth Day of September next following the Period at which such Still of Five hundred Gallons Content or upwards shall be actually set at work, to t he I' erson or Persons, licensed to keep such Still of less than Five hundred Gallons Content, or the Heirs, Executors, or Adro initiators of such Person or Persons; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That before any Licence shall be granted under the said recited Act or this Act, to any Person or Persons, to have, keep, or make use of any Still or Stills of any Content whatever, the Person or Persons applying for the same shall transmit to the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, for their Approbation, Three Drawings or Representations of each and every Still for which such Person or Persons shall require a Licence; and each of the said Three Drawings shall truly represent the Number, Dimentsions, Content in Gallons, Shape, Figure, and Proportions of each and every such Still or Stills, measured a.d specified according to the Directions of the said recited Act; upon One of which said Drawings or Representations, the Licence for keeping and uling the Still or Stills so represented, shall be granted; and in calc the Dimentsions, Content, Siiape, Figure, or Proportions of any Still, for which such Licence shall be required or granted, or the Head or Worm, or any Appendage to such Still, or the Fofltion of any Head, V enn, or Appendage, shall not correspond or agree with such Drawing or Representation, or if at any Time ahfr the Time of delivering such Drawing or Representation, or at any Time during the Continuance of any Licence granted on any inch Drawing or Representation, the Dimeniicns, Contents, Shape, Figure, or Proportions of any Still for which such Licence shall be required or granted, or the Head, Worm, or any A; p?adage to such Still, or the Poiition of any Head, Worm, or Appendage, shall be changed or altered, so that the lame shall not cot ref- ond or agree with such Drawing or Reprtdcnf ation, ur.less by the Consent of the Lid Con1 trillion'ts, or any T hree of them, then and in any and every Inch Case, the Distiller in whole Distillery such Still, Still-head, Worm, or Appendage shall be, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and every such Still, together with the Head, Worm, and every Appendage thereto, shall be forfeited, and may be fei/.ed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in lieu of the Number oi Charges of Singlings or Low Wines set forth in the said recited Act of the Forty-sixth Y.ar, for every Still or Stills of leis than One thousand two hundred and fifty Gallons Content, for the Quantity of Spirits produccable where from any Distiller is chargeable with Duty iii respect of such Still or Stills, every Distiller shall, from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and seven, for every Four Weeks or Twenty-eight Days which any such Still shall Continue, or shall be presumed to continue working under the said recited Act> be charged with and shall pay

H/ GEO. ni, Z Duty

46 G. 3. c. 3?.

§ 9-

Four Cotnmif-liouci v »-f Excise empowered to licenk'StiiU inHer 500 and n^t less than zoo Gallons Content.

Stills under too G lions shall noC be Itccufed within FivcMifts of an) DiHiIltry having a 500 Gallon Still. Liver cr Ih illbe ft^ned by Four Commissioners, &c.

None shall ho licensed to use botheg eat and small Still.

If a Licence i* granted f »r a S'ilt of 500 Gallons, Uc within Five Mlies of a IrnaU Still, licensed1 Under this Act* the fniall one may St continued.

LicrncesforSi ill# shall be gianred on one Pn- cof Tur*-e Diawirg# fuu to the Cum-mi 1 oners. Penalty on Soil nor being made and kept to corrHpond witk the Drawing Tool, and F' r Iciture of Suit, ice.

Inf>ead of the

MonlnlvChaigca

under 46 G. 3. c. 8S. \ 49. on Stills under t 2 Gallons Contrnt, the Charge* herein lptcific4

ijo

shall made;

via: - For Stills under

300 Gallons, 110 Charec* 4or — 108. x, oo — 9^. 750 — s4- -ico" — 7* j 150 — 6^.

46 G 3- c. S8.

4$. as to pi n.ilty of Doubk Duty on

Decrease 0£

Singlings

tepcalcU.

46 G. 3- c- St-

47. repealed as to Charge on Sr ills.

One Eighth of the Content of the Suit shall be allowed (or working in making the Charges under 46 C. 3. c. 88.

49. and this '

Aa.

Distillen may discontinue for a Year at the End of the fuft Two Months, or any subsequent Month.

[See 46 G- 3. c. 88. §51.3

Ten per Cent, on Duties under 46 G. 3 c. 88.

§ 10a, ios- shall not attach on Spirits nil Four Months after wai-ehoufing.

46 G. 3. c. 88.

§ 90, 91, and 92. as to Recovery of Penalties ag mli Pat lilies icpcultd.

Except as to

Penallit s

pr< c.ch d for

before.

C. 17. " 470 GEORGII III. Sess. 2. A.D. 1807.

Duty for such Quantity of Spirits as might be produced, f according to the Rates specified in the said recited Adds) from the several Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines herein after feve rally set forth, for and in respect: of each and every Still being of the several Contents following; that is to say, From One hundred and twenty Charges of Low Wines or^inglings, for every Still under Three hundred Gallons Content and not less than Two hundred Gallons Content; from One hundred and eight such Charges, for every Still under Four hundred Gallons Content and not less than Three hundred Gallons Content; from Nmety-six such Charges, for every Still under Five hundred Gallons Content and not less than Four hundred Gallons Content; from Eighty-four such Charges, for every Still under Seven hundred and fifty Gallons Content and not lets, than Five hundred Gallons Content; from Seventy-six such Charges, for every Still under One thousand Gallons»ontent and not less than Seven hundred and fifty Gallons Content; from Sixty nine such Charges, for eve y Still under Ore thousand two hundred and fifty Gallons Content and net less than One thousand Gallons Content: Ami that every Diililler Ihnll, over and above the respective Quantities aforesaid, be charged with and pay Duty in respect of each and every Still or Stills under One thousand two hundred and fifty Gallons Content, for as much more Spirits as might be produced according to the Rates in the said Act mentioned, from all Pot Ale, Waih, Low Wines, or Singlings, which such Dillilfer fin all actually distii within every Period of Four Weeks or Twenty-eight Days, over and above the respective Quantities aforesaid.

VII.*And Whereas it is by the said recited Act enacted, That if any Decrease fiinuld at any Time appear or

be found by any Officer of Excise, in any Wort, Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines, or Singlings, in the Distillery

of any Distiller, more than or beyond the Proportion of Dccrcafe jullified by the Charges of the Still or Stills

in such Distillery, according to the Directions of the said Act, such Distiller should be charged with double c Duty for such Quantity of Spirits as might be produced, according to the Rate in the said Act mentioned from

so much Wort, Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines, or Singlings, as fhov.ld exceed such Proportion of Decrease

respectively; and the Surveyor and Gauger in charge of such Distillery was by the said Act required in such Case ' to make such Charge, and return the same to the Collector of the District accordingly \9 be it enacted, That the said recited Clause shall, from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and seven, be and the fame is accordingly hereby repealed.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act of the Forty-sixth Year as enacts>

That when and as often as any Still in any Distillery shall be charged with Wash, Put Ale, Low Wines, or SingLigs, such Officer shall charge the Diililler for a Quantity of Spirits after the several Rates in the said Act mentioned, according to the Content of such Still, estimated as in the said Act mentioned, shall, from and after til' Twenty-ninth Day of September CSc thousand eight hundred and seven, be and the fame is hereby repealed 5 and that from and after the ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and ieven,

in calculating and charging the Quantity, of Spirits in respect of each and every Still belonging to any Diililler, according to the Content of each and every Inch Still, and according to the Numbei of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines for each and every such Still, in Manner in tl is Act and the said recited Act mentioned, there shall be deducted from the Content of each and every such Still Oaereighth Part thereof, for Liberty to work such Still or Stills respectively.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller shall be desirous to discontinue working for the Remainder of any Year, at the End of the first Period of Eight Weeks in the Year after he thall have commenced working, or at the End of any Period of Four Weeks after such Diililler shall have recommenced working in Manner directed by the said recited Act of the Forty-sixth Year, it shall and may be lawful for such Diililler to discontinue working accordingly: Provided always, That such Diililler shall give such Notices, and at such Time and in such Manner as is directed by the said recited Act of the Forty-sixth Year, with respect to DilliiUrs discontinuing working for the Remainder of any Year, under the Piovilious of the said recited Act 5 and that every such Distiller so discontinuing to work for the Remainder of any Year, shall be subject and liable to all the Rules, Regulations, Re(lri£tions, Penalties, and Forfeitures in the said recited Act contained, with respect to Dilliilers discontinuing working for the Remainder of any Year under the said recited Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Person in Leland shall have warehoused any Spirits for

Exportation, under the Regulations of the said recited Act of the Forty-sixth Year, the Payment after the Rate of Ten Pounds for every One hundred rounds by the Year, on the Amount of the Duties payable thtreon, required by the said recited Act, whether such Spirits shall he taken out for Home Consumption or he publicly fold, shall commence from the Expiration of Four Calendar Months after the Day of itoring such Spirits; any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. f And Whereas the Provisions heretofore enabled, for imposing and recovering Penalties on Parities,

Townlands or 1 laces, where any unlicensed Still or other Utensil for diddling was found or used, hv.*e net

proved fu »u lent, and it is expedient to repeal the fame, and to make other lYovilions in lieu thereof; be it therefore enacted, That so much and such Parts of the said recited Act, of the Forty-sixth Year aforesaid, as relates to the imposing, recovering, levying or applying any such Fine or enalty, and so much of the said Act as relates to the reimbursing the Inhabitants of any Place for any Fine inflicted under the trovisions of the said Act, or as relates to any Penalty on any Person or Persons coUufively leaving or bringing any m.liccrled Still or Utensil for distilling, in or to any Place, shall, from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the passing of this Act, cease and determine, and shall be and the fame is and are hereby repealed; save and except as to the imposing, suing for, levying, recovering, applying, and reiinburfing any Fine or Penalty, for the Pro fee ut ion or Recovery of which, any Information shall be laid on or before the Expiration of Ten Days after the passing of this Act

A.D. 180;

470 GEORGII III. Sess. 2.

C. 17.

iyi

XII. And be it further enacted, That from and after Ten Days after the passing of this Act, it shall and O i Information

any With, rot Ale, Low Wines, or Singlin

such Justice (such Wash, Pot Ale» Dow Wines, or Singlings, not being in the PcjHellion of any licensed Poffi-fTion of a Distillerin his licensed Diitalery or Stores thereto belonging, or such Wash or Pot Ale not being in the Posses-lion of any licensed Brewer in his licensed Brewery or Stores thereto belonging or not being mixed with Hops nor m ^, 'p in Quantity sufficient to make the fame into Beer, Ab, or Porter, or not having Plops info fed therein in like Herr, the jffibcc Quantity for the Purpose of the fame being made into Beer, Ale, or Porter) to examine into the Truth of fh ili take such Intm .nation; and if he shall find reason to believe that such Still or Part ot a Still or Appendage to a Still, ccur, lY»*[ or such Worm or other Utensil, has been so found or used, as the Case may be, or that such Wash, Pot Ale,

Low Wines, or Singli .g$, has or have been so found, he shall bind over the Person or Persons giving such the Aiuie*t Information to appear at the Affixes (or Presenting Term, if in the County or County of the City of Dublin) where the Pafl winch shall be next ensuing after such i nformation shall be laid (provided that there shall be Ten clear Days shall be tried, and between the Time when such Still, or Part of a Still, or Appendage to a Still, or such Worm or Utensil for 1 "j co1* (Milling, shall have been so found or used, or such Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines, or Singlings, shall have been ul\n

so found reipedivily, and the First: Day of such Affixes or Presenting Term, and in case there shall not be Ten wi.ich the Sul!, such clear Days then at the Affixes or Presenting Term next but one after the laying of such Information as &tc, or Walh, aforelad) to give Evidence, if necessary, in support of such Information; and such Justice shall sign a Notice &e. ii found of such Information, directed to, and the said Notice shall be served upon, any Two Inhabitants, being House- u cd* holders of the Parish (or if such Still, or Part of a Still, or Appendage to a Still, or such Worm or other Utensil, shall be found or used, as the Case may be, or if such Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines, or Singlings shall lie found, in any extra-parochial Place, then such Notice shall be directed to and served on Two such Inhabitants of the Townland, Manor, or Lordship), in which it shall appear by such Information that the Place is situate, where any such Still, or Part of a Still, or Appendage to a Still, or such Worm or other Utensil shall have been so found or used, or any such Walh, Pot Ale, Low Wines, or Singlings, shall have been so foifiul,

Seven Days at the lead previous to the Commission Day of such Affixes, or First Day of such Presenting Term; and such Justice shall, at or before such Affixes or Presenting Term, deliver to the Clerk of the Crown all such Informations so made before him, and such Clerk of the Crown shall lay the fame before the Court at the said respective Affixes or Presenting Terms; and it shall and may be lawful for any Person liable to pay any Grand Jury Cess in such Parish, Townland, Manor, or Lordship respectively, to appear at such Affixes or Patenting Term, and to offer to controvert the Fact of finding such Stift, Part of a Still, or Appendage to a Still, or such Worm or other Utensil, or such Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines, or Singlings, or in case where the Charge in the Information is for using a Still or Worm, or other Utensil for distilling Spirits, to controvert the Fa&that Inch Still or Worm, or other Utensil, had been used for any of the Purposes of Distillation in such Parish, Townland, Manor, or Lordship, or the Fact that any such Still or other Utensil was unlicensed, or that the Parish, Townland, Manor, or L rdftiip, mentioned in any such Information, is the Parish, Townland,

Manor, or Lordship within which the Place is situate, where such Still, or Part of a Still, or Appendage to a Still, or such Worm or Utensil was so found or used, or wherein any Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines, or Singlings, wasor were so found, or to offer to prove that any such Still, or Part of a Still, or Appendage to a Still, or such Worm or other Utensil, Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines, or Singlings, found within Inch Parish, Townland,

Manor, or Lordship, was or were collusively left or brought there for the Purpose of charging such Parish,

Townland, Manor, or Lordship, with the Penalty by this Act imposed; or that such Walh, Pot Ale, Low W lie*, or Singlings were found in the Possession ot a licensed Distiller in his licensed Distillery or Stores thereto belonpng, or that the said Walh or Pot Ale was or were found in the Possession of a licensed Brewer in his licensed Brewery- or Stores thereto belonging, or that the fame was or were mixed with Hops, in Quantity sufficient to make the fame into Beer, Ale, or Porter, or that Hops were infilled in the fame in like Quantity, for the Purpose of the fame being brewed into Beer, Ale, or Porter; and whenever any such Person shall so appear, and offer to controvert or to prove the Fadts aforesaid, or any of them, it shall be lawful for the Court it the fame Affixes or Presenting Term, except as herein after provided, and such Court is hereby required to try the Fact or Fails so offered to be .controverted or proved, in the same Manner as the Traverse to any Prc-

fentn

any

meat of a Grand Jury is or ought to be tried; and upon the said Trial, and upon all Proceedings, and upon Enquiry touching the Matters in such Information contained, the Person having given such Information as aforesaid, and any Collector or Person employed by or under him in the levying or collecting of any G and Jury Cefi in the Barony or County of a Town or City within which the Place (h: '\l be fimate, wln-re any Still, or Ian of a Still, or Appendage to a Still, or any Worm or other Utensil for ikiliUing, or any Walh, Pot Ale,

Lnv Wines, or Singlings may have been so found; and any Churchwarden of any Parish in which such Place infurmrr, shall be situate, or of any Parish contiguous thereto, shall be a competent Witness and Witnesses; and upon fuflicunt such Trial no Inhabitant of such Parish, Townland, Manor, or Lordship, as the Case may be, shall be capable W it ml*, to lrrve as a Juror; and if no such Person shall appear at such Affixes or Presenting'Perm to controvert or prove the Facts as aforesaid or if aVerdidl shall be givmi agreeable to the Information so made to such Justice of the Peace, such Court shall fine such Parish, Townland, Manor, or Lordship. in the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and shall direct the Treasurer of the County, County of a'Town, or City, to issue hia Warrant for levying the said Sum of Fifty ounds off the Parish, Townland, Manor, or Lordship respectively, in which it shall appear by fu. ii I.iformation that the Place is situate where such Still, or Part of a Still, or Appendage to a Still, or such Worm or other Utensil, or such Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines, or Singlings, was or were found, or wa« or

Evidence thati«c PU.ee, See-where the 6till» &c. is found, is cjw»fged to tha puh|; k Ccis within a certain Farish, thall he fuflicienf Proof a^a'nfl ti e Parish.

if at the Trial it appears that the P uilh, &c. in

the Information, $ npr the Partih in which he Offence was committed, the July shall alcerram live Parish, kc. and the Informer tray proceed tic novo.

Informer may

apply to Justice to lum'Tion Culctfor, &c. of Grand Jury Ccfs, to attend at the Place, and Ih«w the Parish, See. in his Book of Applounent,

*c.

Churchwardens may he luni-nioned to give Information of the Parish in like Manucr.

Penalty for Non-attendance, Collector 501. Churchw.uden, lie. 20l.

C. 17' 47 GEORGII III. Sess. 2. A D. 1807.

were used, as the Case may be g which Lid Sum of Fifty Pounds shall be levied by the Collector of the Grand Jury Cess, in like Manner and with like Powers, Authorities, and Remedies, in case of Non-payment thereof, or of any Part thereof, as are provided by Law with respect to any Money to be levied under any Preferment of a Grand Jury, except as herein after mentioned.

XILI. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Fast, that the Parish, Townland, Manor, or Lordship, mentioned in any inch Information, is the Townland, Parish, Manor, or Lovdship within which the Place is fituaie, where such Still, or Part of a Still, o»* Appendage to a Still, or such Worm or Utensil for diHilling was so found or used, or wherein any such \Vu!h, Pot Ale, or Singlings was or were so found, shall be controverted in Marnier herein-before mentioned, Evidence may be given that the Place where such Still, or any Part of a Still, or Appendage to a Still, or such Worm or Uteulil was found or used, or such WaHi, Pot Ale, Low Wines, or Singlings, was or were found, has been charged with or paid some Grand Jury Cess, or Parish Cess, as Part of the Parish, Townland, Manor, or Lordship, mentioned in such Information, and such Evidence shall be deemed sufficient Proof for the Purposes of this Act, that such Place is adtiuily situate within such Parish, Townland, Manor, or Lordship, and such Parish, Townland, Manor, or Lordship, shall be charged with the Penalty under this Act accordingly.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That on the Trial of the Question, whether the Parish, Totvnland, Manor, or Lordship mentioned in any such Information, is the Parish, Townland, Manor, or Lordship within which the Place is situate where Inch Still or Part of a Still or Appendage to a Still, or any Worm or Utensil for distilling, was so found or used, or where any Wafa, Pot Ale, Low Wines, or Singlings, was or were so found, the Judge of Assizeor Court before whom the said Question shall be tried, dull direct the Jury that in case they shall be of Opinion that such Place is not situate in the Parish, Townland, Manor, or Lordship, mentioned in such Information, they shall proceed to enquire on the Evidence of the Parties and Persons then present, and to find and declare in what Parish, Townland, Manor, or Lordship, such Place is actually situate; and such Jury shall esquire and find and declare accordingly, or shall find and declare that they have not learned, and do not know in what Parish, Townland, Manor, or Lordship, such Place is situate; and it shall be lawful for the Informer who prosecuted such information, to proceed de novo, either against the Parish, Townland, Manor, or Lordship in which the July shall find and declare such Place to be situate, or against any Parish, Townland, Manor, or Lordship, within which such Informer shall, from the Evidence given at such Trial or otherwise, have Reason to believe that such Place is situate, and to recover the Penalty for such Offence against any such Parish, Townland, Manor, or Lordship, at the then next ensuing Affixes or Presenting Term, in such Manner and under such Regulations in all respects as are herein-before mentioned anti contained with respect to the original Proceeding by such Informer; and upon the Trial of any Information for such Penalty against: any Parish, Townland, Manor, or Lordship, at fu; h subsequent Afii/es, the former Verdict or Finding of the Jury, that the Place mentioned in such Information was situate within the Parish, Townland, Manor, or Lordship, so proceeded against, shall be Evidence that such Place was so situated, unless the same shall be difpvoved by other Evidence offered to controul the same.

XV. And, for the more easily ascertaining the Parish, Townland, Manor, and Lordship, liable to any Fine under this Act, be it enacted, That whenever any Person shall find any unlicensed Still or Part of a Still or Appendage to a Still, or any Worm or Utensil for distilling Spirits, or any Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines, or Singlings, in Manner herein-before mentioned, in any Place in Ireland, whereby the Parish, Townland, Manor, or Lordship, in which the Place shall be situate, where the same shall be used or found, may be subject to the Fine in this Act mentioned, it shall and may be lawful for the Person so finding the fame, to apply to the Justice of the Peace before whom Information of such Offence shall be given, according to the Directions of this Act, or to any other Justice of the Peace, for a Summons, which Summons such Justice shall issue accordingly, under his Hand, to any Person be'ngor having within Two Years preceding been, or whom such Informer shall have reason to believe is or has been a Collector, or employed by or under any Collector in the levying and collecting of the Grand Jury Cess, in the Barony or County of a Town or City within which such Place shall be situate, commanding and requiring such Collector or other Person to attend the said Informer to the Place in which such Still or Part of a Still or Appendage to a Still, or such Worm or Utensil, or such Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines, or Singlings, was or were found by such Informer, and there to shew by the Books of Applotment in the Possession of such Collector or other Person, or otherwise to make known to such Informer, in what Parish, Townland, Manor, or Lordship, such Place was lad charged, or charged at any Time within Two Years preceding with Grand Jury Eels, and such Collector or other Person shall attend and shew, or make known the fame accordingly.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it Audi and may be lawful for any such Person to make alike Application to such Justice for a like Summons to the Churchwardens of any Parish in which such Informer shall have Reason to believe that the Place is situate in which any such Still or Part of a Still or Appendage to a Still, or any such Worm or Uteulil, or any such Wash, Pot ^AIc, Low Wines, or Singlings, may be found by fu<h Person. and also fora like Summons to the Churchwardens of any Parish next contiguous thereto; and such Justice fiiali issue such Summons and Notice, and such Churchwardens shall attend accordingly, and shall shew and make known to such Informer, in what Parish the said Place was last charged to any Vestry or Parish Cess.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any inch Collector shall neglect or refuse to attend, in obedience to such Summons, or shall withhold such Information as shall be so required of him, under this Act, or shall knowingly give false Information touching the Matters aforesaid, such Collector or other Person shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and if any Churchwarden or other Person so summoned shall so neglect or refuse to attend, or shall withhold any such Information, or shall knowingly give any false Information, such Churchwarden or other Person shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

3 XVIII. Provided

A.D. 1807.

47'> GEORGII III. Self. 2.

C. 17.

173

If In for m?r i« not in Excise Oncer, men to

Commissionert of Excise may oilier Payment

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Judigc of Assize, m*T

before whom any Information or Informations shall be laid and traversed as aforesaid, in case there shall not be Trial

a sufficicr.t Time to try the fame, to poflpone until the next ensuing Assizes the Trial or Trials thereof; at toncxt ir \ which next ensuing Assizes the fame Avail be tried, without any further or new Notice of such Trial so adjourned,

and without any further Delay or Adjournment; and upon such postponement, the Judge of Assize shall bind over the Person or Persons, by whom such Information or Informations shall be respectively laid, and the nrspective Witnesses to prove the fame, to appear at such next Assizes, and to proceed in the said Information or Informations accordingly.

XIX. And be it further emtted, That every such Fine or Sum of Fifty Pounds, so imposed at any Distrihuticnof Assizes or Presenting Term on any PariAi, Townland, Manor, or Lordship, in Maimer hereirubefore mentioned He wiry of 50l. fhdl (after deducing thereout the Coils of recovering the fame, if such Cods shall not be paid in Manner on Parishes, Ice. hewu-aftrr provided, but where such Colls Audi be paid in Manner herein after provided, then such Fine or

Sum of Fifty Pounds, without any Deduction) be applied in Manner following; that is to say, One Moiety One Moiety t« thereof (or of so much thereof as shall remain afte- deducting the Costs in case aforesaid) shall be paid by the brimmer, the Treasurer of the County, County of a Town or City, to the Officer of Excise who shall have given suchfExcite Information to such Justice of the Peace, and who shall have appeared at the Assizes or SeTions, pursuant to Officer, his Recognizance to prosecute the fame, and Aiall be applied by him in rewarding himself and his Assistants in such Manner and according to such Proportions as the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes shall direct; and in case the Person giving such Information shall nut be an Officer of Excise, then such Moiety shall be paid by such Treasurer, according to the Directions of the Court, either to such Informer, or to such Justice as atuivsaid, to be by linn applied in rewarding such Informer, or otherwise promoting the Suppression of such Informer cnlicciicrd Stills within his JurisJiilion, according to his Discrelion; and the other Moiety of such Fine or ^otiie Justices, Sum of Fifty Pounds Avail in all Cases be paid by every such I rcafurer, if in the County of Dublin, or County of the City of Du! /in, to the Society for discountenancing Vice and promoting Virtue in the said City, for the Use of the said Society, and if in any other County or County of a Town or City, to the Treasurer of the

Public Infirmary or Hospital of such County, Town, or City, for the Use of the said Infirmary or Hospital# or for or towards erecting and maintaining one or more Wards for Idiots or Lunatics, as the Governors of such Infirmary or Hospital shall think fit.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and

Taxea, to direct that all Colls which shall be incurred in prosecuting any such Information, or so much thereof as the said Commissioners shall think proper, Aiall be paid out of any Revenue under their Management, and of Colb a« to place the fame under the Head of Incidents, without any Warrant in that Behalf. Incidents.

XXI. And be it further etiatted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Corr.mifTionert Taxes, if they shall so think fit, to order the Collector of Excise of the Diflritt wherein any Fine as aforesaid of EuriV m.y shall be imposed and be directed to be levied, to advance and payout of any public Money in his Hands, the order Collators Sharenf any such Fine which is dhetted to be paid to such Officer by the Provisions of this Att.; which Order jpfjJ^rViheip every Collector of Excise is hereby required to obey, upon the fame being sent or delivered to him, and upon share of Fmc». such Officer producing to him a Certificate from the Clerk of the Crown, that such Fine was imposed and

directed to be levied, and that such Officer did appear at the Assizes or Sessions pursuant to his Recognizance to probcute.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That every such Payment so made by any Collector of Excise, shall be CoJlertor shall allowed to him in his Accounts; and that every Treasurer of a County, County of a Town, or City, wherein bercimbursed any Collector Aiall have advanced and paid such Money as aforesaid, shall, on demand made by or on Behalf of ^urof the Collector who shall have made such Advance, or his Successors, repay to him, for the Use of His Majesty, Sums levied

His heirs and Successors, the full Amount of the Money so advanced, out of the first Monies he shall receive for F.ucs. from the Person to whonrhe shall have i flood his Warrant for levying such Fine; and the Receipt of such Collector

fall be a sufficient Acquittal to such Treasurer, and every such Payment shall be allowed to such Treasurer in liis Accounts accordingly.

XXIII. And for the better apportioning and applotment of any such Fine imposed on any Parish, Townland, How the Fine or Lordfiiip; be it further matted, That it Audi and may be lawful for any Two Persons, each liable !>«* nppiotied: to nay Grand Jury Cess in any ariih, i ownland. Manor, or LordAiip on which any Fine or Fines shall hare onthcFarub, &c. been imposed by virtue of this Att, to poll up, within Ten Days after such Parish, Townland, Manor, or Lordship shall have been so fined, on the Door of the Church or other Place of Worship, or in any other ottyjcuous Place in such Parish, Townland, Manor, or Lordship, a Notice, signed by tiiemselves, requiring all Person; liable to tay Grand lury Cess within such Parish, Townland, Manor, or LordAiip, to meet on a certain D>iy, not more dilhint than Thirty Days nor nearer than Twenty Days, at feme convenient Place within such Parish, Townland, Manor, or Lordfiiip, specified in such Notice, to applot the Sum or Sums in which such Parish, Townland, Manor, or LordAiip Aiall have been fi led as aforesaid; and that it shall be lawful for the Persons who Aiall meet pursuant to such Notice, each liable to pay Grand Jury' Cess in such Parish, Town'and,

Manor, or LordAiip, to applot all such Sums to be levied on the Whole or only on so much or such Parts of such Parish, Townland, Manor, or Lordship as they shall judge fit, always comprehending in such Applotment such Part of the Parish, Townland, Manor, or Lordship only as lies within the County where such Fine or Fines shall have been imp'Ted, and always comprehending every Part thereof so lying within such County, wrhin One Mile of the Place or Places where any Still, or Part of a Still, or Appendage to a Still, or any Worm or other Utensil shall have been found or used, or any WaAi, Pot Ale, Low Wines, or Singlings shall -hve been found, in respect whereof such Fine or Fines fhoil hare been so imposed.

XXIV. And;

U.

174

C. 17.

4.70 GEORGII III. Sess. 2.

A.D. 1807.

Where Parish,

&c. hoidci5 un Two or rao»e Counties, the

ihe Fine is im« PoU-rt, fhn II be liable to the Fir, '. For rcirrhurfi* g the Fine to n.e Inhabitants by the OC.cder.

Collator (h.t'l

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That within Forty Days from the Day whereon any such Fine shall

levy the Fme have been imposed, such Applotment shall be delivered to t lie Collector or other Per ton empowered to collet

1C 1>U^C Eels, finned by Five or more of the Persons applotting the fame, verified by Affidavit sworn by delivered rl/him them before a Magistrate, which Affidavit any Magistrate is hereby empowered to administer, and which shall

within F^rfy be to the Import following (that is to say) that such Applotment has been made at a Meeting held under the

Provisions of this Act, and that every Person who has ligned the fame, is to the bell of their Belief ami Judgement liable to the Payment of Grand Jury Cess in such Pan Hi, Townland, Manor, or Lordship, and that such Applotment is fairly and impartially made to the bell of their Skill and Judgement upon the Whole or such Parts of the said Parish, Townland, Manor, or Lordship, as are com prized within such Applotment; and thereupon every such Collector or other Person shall levy the Amount of such Fines, agreeably to such Applotment, upon the Persons, and in the Amount upon each Person respectiwlv warned therein, by Distress IfooApplatment auc^ Sale of the Goods of every such P.-rfon refusing or neglecting to pay; and in case no such Applotment ddivcicd, the shall be so made and delivered within Forty Days as aforesaid, such Collector or other Person shall and may, and Fm«-ih.il) be he is hereby required to levy the Penalty or l enalties so imposed as aforesaid, off the Whole of such arish, who'cPanlh &c Townland, Manor, or Lordship, or off such Part of such Parish, Townland, Manor, or Lordship, as is fituutc*' within the County, the Treasurer whereof shall have issued the Warrant, in like A: anner and with like Powers,

Authorities, and Remedies, in case of Non-payment thereof, or of any Part thereof, as are provided by Law, in respect to any Money to be levied under any Presentment of a Grand Jury.

XXV. And in order to avoid all Doubts and Difficulties in Cases where a Parish, Townland, Manor, or Lordship shall be situatein Two or more Counties; be it further enacted, That such Part of any Parish, Town-land, Manor, or Lordship, as is fitunte within the County, County of a Town or City, wherein any Fine shall

Parr ir.cu ded in be imposed, shall be deemed and considered as the Parish, Townland, Manor, or Lordship, made liable to Fines

tV County whtic jn respC&0f any unlicensed Still, or Part of a Still, or Appendage to a Still, or Worm or other Utensil for

dillilling, so found or used therein, or in respect of any Waffi, Pot Ale, Low Wines, or Singlings found therein, and proceeded against under the Provisions of this Act.

XXVI. And in order to reimburse the several Inhabitants or Landholders in any Parish, Townland, Manor,

or Lordship, upon or by whom any Penalty Hull have been levied or paid, by virtue of any Warrant from any Treasurer as aforesaid, in respetl of any unlicensed Still, or Part of a Still or Appendage to a Still, or any Worm or other Utensil, or any Waffi, Pot Ale, Low Wines, or Singlings, so found as aforesaid; be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any one Inhabitant or Landholder in any Parish, Townland, Manor, or Lordship, who shall have paid any such Penalty or any Part thereof, to proceed by Civil Bill on Behalf of the whole Parish, Townland, Manor, or Lordship, at any Time within Three Years from the Time when any such Penalty was paid, against the Person or Persons who was or were the Owner or Owners of the unlicensed Still or Part of a Still or Appendage to a Still, or Worm or other Utensil, or Waffi, Pot Ale, Low Wines, or

Singlings, on Account of which any such Penalty was so levied or paid, or against the Person or Persons who

made use of the fame, or against the Person or Persons in whose Tenement the lame was seized. for the Recovery of the whole of the Money so paid by the Inhabitants or Landholders of such Parish, Townland, Manor, or Lordship, on account of such Penalty; and any such Inhabitant or Landholder, who shall first proceed in Manner aforesaid for the Recovery of such Money, shall recover the Amount of the Penalty or Money so paid by such Parish, Townland, Manor, or Lordship, in the same Manner a3 any Lebt or Demand in ordinary Cales recoverable by Civil Bill may be recovered and levied, together with full lolls; and the Money so recovered shall be paid to the Person suing for the fame, and shall be by him applied in Repayment to and among himself and the other Landholders and Inhabitants of such Parish, Townland, Manor, or Lordship, in the Shares and Proportions paid by them respectively on account of such Penalty, in such Manner as the Judge of Afii/.c, Recorder Chairman, or Assistant Barriller before whom such 'ccovery shall be had, shall order and dirt Cl: Provided always, that no Sum of Money shall be recovered in Manner aforesaid on behalf of any Parish, Townland M mor, or Lordship, by more than one Person, on account of one and the fame Penalty, so levied on any such Parish, Townland, Manor, or Lordship, and that if more Persons than one shall proceed by Civil Bill, on account of one and the fame Penalty, the Recorder, Chairman, or Alhffant Barriller, or Judge of AfTi/e, shall dismiss the Bill of every Person so proceeding, evcept that of the Person who shall have first proceeded in Manner aforesaid, on account of such Penalty

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be guilty of any Colluilon, in leaving or bringing in or into any Parish, Townland, Manor, or Lordship, any unlicensed Still or Part ofabtillor Append tge to a Still, or any Worm or other Utcifii for diHillin^ Spirits, or any Waffi, Pot Ale, Low Wines, or singlings, whereby such Parish, Townland, Manor, or Lordship, shall be or become iabltr to the Payment of a iy inch Fine or Penalty, every Person so offending shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds; and it such Person shall b>' a.i Officer a po nted by" or a<5ling under the C.unmissioners of Inland Excise and Faxes, such Person Hull, upon C > .vh'rioi for such Offence, be, and is hereby declared and rendered incapable of holding any Office or Employment w' at Tower, Civil or M litary, under His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or under any Authority derived His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors.

XXVIII. And be it further e nded, Tint all and every the Clanfes. Rules, Regulations, ReftiifFons, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures. and Mo<ks of Recovery thereof, provided, mentioned, and contained in the S3, said recited Act of the Forty-sixth Year aforesaid, with resp'd to any Slill or Stills allowed to be licensed under the said recited Act, an'! with respect to the Worts, Waffi, Pot Ale, Singlings, Low Wines, or Spirits brewed, or wade, or diitilled, by any such Dillilleror other Person, and with respect to any Charges of Duty or Surcharges, or other Charge* on such Ditliller or other Person, and with retpecl to the Spirits to be made and diffiiicd in any such Still or Stills, and with respedi to the Distiller or Person keeping or uiing any such

Still*

Penary on Pci hns coilu-

fively bringing unlicensed S ilU intuPj; ilhcs, \c

P xcert of

rc< ifed 46 ? c.

extend'd o Lhu Adb

i75

r i c.-iff of

S .i'p- ufj m of

A.D. 1807. 4/° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. C. 17 — 19.

Stills, and wit K resprD to all Matters and Things whatever relating to such Still or Stills, or to such Difiriller or other IVrfna keeping or tiling the fame, shall be applied and put in Practice with respect to any Still or St ills lictnfci under this Act, and with respect to any DifliEer orotlier Person licensed takeep or use any Still or St.lU under this Act, and in making Ch/irg-s and Surcharges on such Ddliller or other rerson, as fully and effect ua ly to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if all the ihid Clauses, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Pnmfious, fV rtkies, and Foifriturrs, had been expressly repeated and re enacted in this Act; and that every DilbUer or other Peri'jn who shall he licensed to keep or use any Still or Stills under this Act, shall be charged and cha^-ajli* and liable in all RespeD s to ttie Payment of all Duties, and the Observance of all R gnla'ions, a id (bail b iirj'cd to all such Restrictions, Penalties, aid Forfeitures, as in the f.ikl recited AD and this A t, are CjipreiTci, rr mi med, and contained; and that the said recited Act and this Act shall be conilru*»d together as Ore Ad to all Intents and Pu.pufes wtiatioever, so far as the same are compatible or confident with eac.i other, j.id is tk' find recited Act is amended a d altered by tlu^ Ad.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended, or repealed by any Act or Acts to be Af> may be paifeii in this Session of Parliament. amomed.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act to provide for the Decrcnfe and Suspension, m certain Cases, of PatT of the Countervailing Duties on British Refined Sugar imported into Ireland. [ill /Iug*Jl 18c7.J

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the Forty-sixth Year of His present1 Majesty's Reign, for granting

t V»certain Duties and Drawbacks on Iron, Sugar, and Tea, the Lord High Treasurer, or the Couunif- sioners of His Majesty's Treasury of Irelands or any Three or more of them, for the Time being, are

empowered to ft /pend, in certain Cnfes, the Payment of Part of the Duty on Raw Sugar imported into

Ir(bnd\ be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent

cf t ic Lords Spiritual and Temporal, atu! Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the said IVt-afimy, or any Three or more of them, for the Time being, and they are hereby required from Time to Time to make }J (> f^on

Orcbr, that from the Commencement of any such Suspension of i uty, and during the t ontinuance thereof, riW Su14.tr

the several Countervailing Duties on Refined Sugar of the Manufactire of Great ritain imported into Ireland, urvicr 40 G. 3* set forth in the Schedule to the said recited Act annexed, fhdl be decreased. and also that the Equivalent Draw- c. 62. the back on Refined Sugar of the Manufacture of Ireland\ exported from thcime to Ore t Britain, shall be decreased^" rr»v, ^, n8^ in the following Proportions; (that is to fav, ) For every Shilling in the Hundred Weight of such Duty on any j< lUiv Sugar, so suspended the Countervailing Duty and the Equivalent Drawback on every Hundred Weight jmurrcl.ml, >nd of Sagar call* d BalDrds. whole or ground, shall be decreased by the Sum of One Shilling; and the Counter- ofiiu D» »wh»ck» vading Duty and Equivalent Drawback on ewry Hundred Weight of Refined Sugar called Lumps or Sugar 0, 1 R^rud Candy Brown, shall be decreased by the Sum of One Shilling and Ten-nence Halfpenny; and the Counter- Hnnin vsiiing Duty and Equivalent Drawback on every Hundred Weight of Refined Sugar called Single Loaf, shall ih, in, d .xr rated be decreased by the Sum of Two Shillings; and the Countervailing Duty and Equivalent Drawback on every in tut iV>jK>uiun Hu.aired Weight of Refined Sugar, called Powder Loaf, or Double Loaf, or Sugar Candy White, and of any hcirm JRfi.ed Sugar, of any other Sort not herein before specified, shall be decreased by the Sum of Two Shillings and mentioned.

On: Penny Three Farthings.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of Payment of Co the Treasury, in like Manner, from Time to Time to make Order for the Suspension of the Payment of so much niucn of o.c f-iJ of the said Countervailing Duties and Equivalent Drawbacks respectively, as shall be so decreased in Manner p

aforesaid, and for continuing such Suspension, and for altering the Amount of Inch Decrease, and for taking aj are^off such Suspension, and for renewing the fame, in like M inner and at the same Time and Times as the said dccrc.ucd Dull Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury are, by the said recited AD of the Forty-sixth Year, be lufpnulrd empowered to suspend the Payment of any Part of the Duty on any Raw Sugar; and every Order for such accordingly.

Suspension, and also for every Alteration or Termination of any such Suspeiiiioii, shall be published in the Dullin Gazette, at filedi Days and 'Limes as the Suspension of any Part of the said Duty on any Raw Sugar, c-r 3ny Alteration or Termination of such Srfpension. is by the said la lb recited AD dirt-Ded to be published, and at such other Days and Times as the said Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, shall think lit; and such Suspension of Countervailing Duty and Equivalent Drawback shall be subject and liable to f; ch other Rules and Regulations as the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury shall from lane to Time dircD and appoint.

Commissioners of Customs empowered to repay to Importers of Refined Sugar since 14th July 1R06, certain Proportions of the Countervailing Duties paid, by such Importers, ^3 /. per Cwt. on Bullards; 9l. 7 A</.

0*1 Lumps: 6l. on Single Loaf; and 6s. ^\d. on Double Loaf, &c. in Consideration of the Suspeulion of jt. per Cwt. on Raw Sugar during that Time. §3.

CAP. XIX.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and eight* and to amend, Two ADs made in die Parliament of Ireland, to regulate the Trade of Re edifying

Spirits.

[iff Angnft 1807.

9 W/ PEREAS an AD was made in the Parliament of Irelands in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present G. 3. (r.) 1 Maji fly's Reign, intituled, /In Act to regulate the Trade cf Rectifying Spirits, amt to prevent Fr uds in r -2*

His Majesty's Revenue by Retlifiers of Spirit:; And Whereas an AD was made in the Parliament of Ireland, in'

9*the

176 C.ig.

47" GEORGII III. Sess. 2. A.D. 1807.

Continued to 29th Sept. 1S0S.

So much of 3S G. 3- c. 5-

§ 33. 4 % til lies to Allowance* to Rc&.tien mid Compoundcri repealed.

"No Person licensed under this Atf to he a Rectifier shall also be licensed to compound, See.

47 o- 3.

c. 18.

Scat. 1.

Act shall not extend to A p< th'-nric* Snlls, 3ec, licensed under 46 G. 3. c. 88. $ it.

Contents of

Sf ills.'Reftificrt 80 to 200 Gal. Compounder* 60 — ICO.

Allowance of

20 per Cent, to Conip'/umlcr.i for Jncrcafc of Sugar, &c.

Who shall be deen ed lteifti tiers and Compounded, See.

the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to continue and amend the said Act of the Thirty eighth Year; and the said recited Acts have by several Acts been continued, and are in force until the Twentyninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and seven: And it is expedient that the said Adb should be further continued and amended be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited ASks shall be, and the same are hereby further continued; and the said Acts, together with this Act, shall be in force from the said Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and seven, until and upon the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and eight, except only so far as the said recited Acts are repealed or altered by this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and seven, so much and Cuch Part of the said recited Act of the Thirty-eighth Year, rs enacts and <3ireds, That for making unto Redifiers and Compounders of Spirits a fair Allowance for that Increase by Water, Sugar, Syrup, or Fruit, which may be necessary, there shall he allowed Permits for fending out any Number of Gallons not exceeding the Rate or Proportion of One hundred and fifty Gallons of Irish Brandy, Redified Spirits, or Compounds, For every One hundred Gallons of Raw Spirits of the Strength of Cue to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, which they ref -cdively shall have received from any Difliiler of Spirits, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand e: glit hundred and seven, it shall and may he lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, u> grant any Licence to any Person or Persons to rectify Spirits and Strong Waters, and also to grant any Licence to any Person or Persons to compound Spirits or Strong Waters, and that no Person who shall be so licensed to keep a Still or St'IIs to rectify Spirits and Strong Waters, shall at the same Time be licensed to keep any Still or Stills to compound Spirits and Strong Waters; and that no Person who shall be so licensed to keep a Still or Stills to impound Spirits and Strong Waters, shall at the same Time be licensed to keep any Still or Stills to rectify Spirits and Strong Waters, other than such as such Persons shall compound; but that all such Licences to keep any Still or Stills to rectify, shall be separate and dillind from Licences to compound, and to separate and diflinit Persons, any Thing in any Act or Acts in force in Ireland to the contrary notwithstanding; and that on every such Licence to rectify Spirits, and on every such Licence to compound Spirits, the Duty of Ten Shillings for every Gallon which such Still or Stills is capable of containing, shall be paid and payable under and by virtue of an Act made in the hilt Session of Parliament, intituled, AnAtt to grant toHhMapjh certain Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes in Ireland, end to allow certain Drawbacks in respect thereof in lieu of former Rates and Duties, Drawbacks and Bounties; and every Licence granted contrary to this Att after the said Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and seven, shall be actually null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or b« conllrued to e tend to any Still or Stills which, under and by virtue of an Act, made in the Forty-fi th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to provide for the regulating and fe curing th; Collection of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland, and the warthorfng of such Spirits fer Exportation, (I all have been or shall be granted pursuant to the Provisionsin the said Act contained, for any Still or Stills to be kept or tiled at Apothecaries Hall in Dublin, or to be kept or used by any Chvmiil, Apothecary, or Druggill in Ireland, or to be kept or used by any Person or Persons for the distilling of Medical Waters, or for making Experiments and Diicovtrics in Natural Philosophy; any hing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and seven, no Licence shall be granted for the keeping or tiling of any Still or Stills far the rectifying of Spirits or Strong Waters, the Body whereof, without the Head or other Appendage thereto, shall not be capable of containing Eighty Gallons at b ail, and which shall be capable of containing Two hundred Gallons, nor for the keeping or uling of any Still or Stills (or the compounding of Spirits or Strong Waters, the Body whereof, without the He .d or other Appendage thereto, shall not be capable of containing Sixty Gallons at the lead, and which shall be capable of containing One hundred Gallons and every Licence granted contrary hereto shall be, and the fame, is hereby declared to be null and void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

V. And be it further enacted, That for making unto Compounders of Spirits a fair Allowance for the necessary Increase by Water, Sugar, Syrup, or Fruit, theie shall be allowed unto such Compounders Permits for (ending out any Number of Gallons not exceeding the Rate or Proportion of One hundred and twenty Gallons it Com; mind Spirits for every One hundred Gallons of Raw Spirits at the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, which shall have been duly permitted into the Stock of such Compounder according to Law.

VI. And be it further enacted, T)ir.t from and after the said Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and seven, no Person shall be deemed a Compounder of Spirits, who shall r ctify Raw Spirits for Sale, or who shall rectify or manufacture Irish Spirits in Imitation of Foreign Brandy or other Foreign Spirits, or Spirits of Wine; and that every Licence to be granted by virtue of this Act to any Person or Persons to keep or use any Still or Stills for rectifying Spirits, shall authorize such Person or Persons to rectify Irjfi Spirits for Sale in their pure State, or to mamifadlure such Spirits in Imitation of Foreign (handy or other Foreign Soirits, or Spirits of Wine; and that every Licence to compound Spirits, granted by virtue of this Act to any Person or Person?, shall authorize such Person or Persons to rectify such Spirits only as such Person or Persons shall or may afterwards compound, by mixing the fame with Water, Syrup, Sugar, Fruit, or other Ingrrdrents, and not any other Spirits whatever: And if any Person or Persons in Ireland, who shall be so licensed under the Provisions of this Act to keep or use any Still or Stills for rectifying Spirits as aforesaid, shall compound any Spirits otherwise than in Imitation of Foreign Brandy or other Foreign Spirits; or if any*

Person

A.D. 1807.

4.7° GEORGII III.Sess. 2. C. 19* 20. 117

Person or Persons in Ireland, who shall be so licefifed under the Provisions of this Act to keep a Still or Stills for compounding Spirits, shall use any Still or.Still's in the making or distilling of Irish Spirits in Imitation of Brandy, or of other Foreign Spirits, or in the distilling of any Raw Spirits, for the JPurpoii? of rectifying the fame for Sale, without being compounded, every such Person so offending shall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; and any Licence or Licences, previously granted to any such Person so offending, shall be and become, and is hereby declared to be forfeited, null and void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and all Compound Spirits whatever, other than and except Spirits in process of manufacturing, or manufactured in Imitation of Foreign Brandy or of other Foreign Spirits, which shall be found in the Stock of any i'erson licciifed under the rrovisions of this Act to keep or use any Still or Stills to rectify any Spirits; and all Resided Spirits, and all Irish Spirits made in Imitation of Brandy, or of other Foreign Spirits, which shall be found in the Stock of any Person so licensed to keep or use any Still or Stills for compounding of Spirits, other than such Spirits as shall have been rectified by such Compounder of Spirits for the Purpose of being compounded by him. shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise or Customs in Ireland.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Acts of the Thirty-eighth and Thirty-ninth Years, for regulating the Trade of Rectifying Spirits, and all Clauses, Provisions, Rules, and Regulations, Penalties' and Forfeitures, therein contained, shall extend and be construed to extend to all and every Person and Persons who shall be licensed under the Provisions of this Act to keep or use any Still or Stills for the rectifying of Spirits and Strong Waters, and to all and every Person and Persons who shall be so licensed to keep or use any Still or Stills for the compounding of Spirits and Strong Waters respectively, in such Manner as if such Licences had been separate and diflirud, in Manner directed by this Act, at the Time of the passing of the said recited Acts of of the hirty-eighth and Thirty-nii.th Years aforesaid; knd all the Clauses, Provisions, Rules, and Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures, in the said recited Acts or this Act contained, shall be applied and put in Execution aj to such Persons so licensed respectively in Manner directed by this Act; and the said recited Acts and this-A6. shall be construed together as one Act, so far as the fame arc compatible or confident with each other, and at. the said recited Acts are amended by this Act.

Compiling Spi* 1 rs in

the S'ock of*P.efhtW, an-.i rectified Sj'intf in the Stock of .1 Compounder, fur (Ci red.

Asti 38 G. c. ci. 37 G. 3. c. 58. fh «li be apt l; cd to Kcdlitiers and Compounder* refnc*5t ively, lic^nicd under this Act.

CAP. XX.

An Act to enable His Majesty to appoint the Chancellor of the Exchequer, for the Time being in Ireland, One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasuref in England, without Salary. [id August iboy ]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the 6 Ann*, t. 7'

*V Secuity of Her Majesty's Person and Government, and of the Succession to the Crown of Great Britain m.

the Prottf ant Line: And Whereas it is thereby enacted, that, in order to prevent for the future too great a 4 Number of Commissioners to be appointed or constituted for the executing of any Office, that no greater'Number of Commissioners shall be made or constituted for the Execution of any Office than had been employed- in the Execution of such respective Office at so me Time, before the First Day of the said then Parliament;

And Whereas the Union of Great Britain and Ireland has rendered necessary a constant Intcreourse and Communication between the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury in England and Ireland respectively, and great

Advantage would be derived to the fublic Sendee if the Chancellor of the Exchequer of Ireland, for the Time being, were allowed to fit and aft as a Lord Commissioner of His Majesty's Treasury in England: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this His Majesty present Parliament assembled, ami by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, may appoinr the K dial] be lawful for His Majesty to nominate and appoint the Chancellor of the Exchequer of Ireland, for the Chancellor of the Time being, to be One of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury in England, and to fit and act as such, ^bc^a

with and in Addition to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, in England, without i^rdofrheTrvi-having, receiving, or being entitled to any Salary or Profit for the Execution of the said Office of One of the fury in Engfiml, Lords Commissioners of the Treasury in England; any Thing in the said recited Act of Parliament of her without S^laiy.* Majesty Queen Anne contained, to the contrary notwithstanding.

H. And be it further enacted, That the Chancellor of the Exchequer of Ireland, when so nominated and He fli.il! be in-appointed a Lord Commissioner of the Treasury in England, shall be, and he is hereby inverted with all such and veiled with the the like Powers, Authorities, and Privileges, as now are or may hereafter be possessed, used, or exercised by l, k<* a*

any other Commissioner of His Majesty's Treasury, under any Act or Acts of Parliament, or Law or Laws. lhc clhcr'ort*

III. And be it enacted and declared, That the said Appointment of the Chancellor of the Exchequer of $uch Appoint-Ireland, to be a Lord Commissioner of the I reasury in England, shall not be deemed or taken to be an Appoint- In, -nr fhil) uot iflent to a new Office or Place of Profit under the Crown; and that the Chancellor of the Exchequer of Ireland be deem'd*for the Time being, so being One of the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, shall not thereby be Ehce ol IV'hr, disabled from fitting or voting as a Member of the House of Commons, nor shall he thereby be rendered &c* incapable of being elected a Member of the House of Commons, nor shall the Appointment of lueh Chancellor of the Exchequer to be such Lord Commissione*, make void his Election, nor shall any n: \v Writ irtue for a new Election in consequence of the Acceptance of such Appointment, any Thing in the said recited Act, or any other Act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

47 Geo. III.

A a

178 C. 2I — 22*47° GEORGII III. SeiT.2. A.D. 1So^.

*j .j- 15s.

-)3 «. 3. ci 106.

Su much of 43 G. c. 158.

as directs »tic Manner and Conditions of issuing of 50, 000l. neptaled.

Irish Trenfivy, <m Certificate u( T*uflces and

Comnmtfi^»ers of Fiilt Fruits in Ireland, mpowcrrft f> advance Muncy for Glebe-House*, Uc.

Money to advanced shall ?re r j>aid by the Trusteea to the 1'icalury, and may be front Time to Time applied m further Execution ol ii.e Furpolc. of 43 G. 3. c.q4.

CAP. XXI.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, an Act, passed in Ireland in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of His present Majesty, respecting certain Annuities.[1st August 18074 '

frish A3, 13 & 24 G. 3. #, 7. (last continued by 46(7.3. c. 230. §7.) further continued until Sept. ty, xhf.

CAP. XXII.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, an Act, passed in Ireland in the Thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for the Improvement and Extension of the Fisheries on the Coasts of Ireland. [i&August 1807.]

Irish A3, 36 G. 3. c. 5a. (hft continued by 46 G. 3. r.iao. $ 7.) further continued until Sept. 29, 1817.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds for building Glebe Houses in Ireland.

[ 1st Augrjl 1807.]

the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled*-_ y the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, for building Glebe Houses in I reland t by or out of such Monies as shall at any Time or Times be or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer of Ireland of the Consolidated Fund, there mail and may be issued, by the Order of the Lord '4 Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, as he or they shall think fit from Time tt>

Time, free of Interest, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding Fifty thousand Pounds Irish Cmrency, to

the Trustees and Commissioners of the First Fruits in Ireland, to be by the said Trustees and Commissioner- advanced on Loan to Incumbents of Parishes or Benefices in Ireland, in such Manner, and according to such Dire3ions, and subject to such Provisions as are contained in an Act, passed in the same Year, intJtuled, An 4 HBto enable the Commissjners of First Fruits in Ireland to lend certain Sums of Money (Interesl free) to Incumbents of Benefices there, for the Purpose of enabling them to erect and purchast Glebe Houses and Offices convenient for their 4 P side nee; and to purchase Glebe hands Jit and convenient for the Eretdion of such Houses and Off es; and to male f Pronssion for the Repayment of all Loans so to be made by the said Commissioners; and that all such Sum or Sums of Money a3 should be so issued, should be advanced to the said Trustees and Commissioners upon such Securities, and should be repayable into His Majesty's Exchequer in such Proportions, and at such Times, and b 4 such Manner, as the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of the Treasury of Ireland, or any Three or wore of them, for the Time being, with the Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of / eland for the Time being, should direct and appoint: And Whereas no Part of the said

Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds has been fmee issued: And whereas it is expedient to amend the said first recited Act May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted j and be it enacted by the King s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advrcc and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said Act as clireds the Manner of issuing the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, and the Conditions of advancing the fame, shall be and the fame is and are hereby repealed.

II. And bc'it further enacted, That to often as the said Trustees and Commissioners of the First Fruits itr Ireland, shall, certify by Writing under their Common Seal, to the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissionen for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer, that they the said Commissioners and Trustees have taken any Security pursuant to the Provisions of the said fecoudlv recited Act, specifyirtg the Amount thereof, for the Building, and Ere3ion or the Purchase of a Glebe House and Offices, or for the Purchase of Glebe Lands fit and conveurent for the Erection of such House and Offices, and shall fend with such Certificate an attclled G y of such Security, together with a Statement of the Sum which they the said Commissioners and Tru flees require to be advanced on account thereof; it shall and may be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer. or for the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasttrer, to advance and pay to the said Trustees and Commissioners of the Firil Fruits, out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, the nett Sum contained and specified in such Certificate and Statement as necessary for the a fore said Purpose, without any further or other Warrant or Authority whatsoever to be had in that Behalf 1 Provided always, that the Money so advanced by the said Lord High Trenlnrer, or Commissioners for executing the Office t.f Lord High Treasurer, ih.iU not in the Whole amount at any Time to more than the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds.

III. And be it further cna3ed. That the said Trustees and Commissioners of the First Fruits, at the End

and Expiration of Six Months, after they shall have received the Whole of any Sum, for the Re-payment of* Which they shall have taken such Security as aforesaid, shall repay into His MajestyVPfcafury of Ireland, the whole Amount of such Sum so advanced to the said Trustees and Commissioners, on their Certificate of such Security having been taken 3 and that if the said Trustees and Commissioners shall deem it adviseable and expedient tO A n f I 1'/"* ?» Vf/in/itr frt ri'mjfl in fu v-fr Knr t rrf tlia D>imnr«. jil«A I «.T - /..! 1

fecoudlv

Lord High'

A.D. 1807. 47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. C. 23, 24. 179

to the said Commissioners and Trustees, the Whole or any Part of the Sum or Sams so repaid, on like Certificate and Copy of the Security, and in like Manuer aa it herein-before enacted; and so from Time to Time a9 often 19 any Sum or Sums shall be so repaid, so long as any Tart of the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, or of any Repayment made on account thereof, shall remain and be unapplied by the said Commissioners and Trustees to the Purposerof the said recited Acts, and this present Act.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, concerning the Disposition of certain Real and Personal Property of His Majesty, Hi*

Heirs and Successors, and also of the Real and Personal Property of Her Majesty, and of the Queen Consort for the Time being. [ 1st Augttjl 1807.]

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present

*' Majesty, intituled, An Act concerning the Disposition of certain Real and Personal Property of His Majesty* 39, 400. 3.

1 Ills Heirs and Successors, and also of the Real and Personal Property of Her Majesty) and of the Queen Consort c. 8$. §1*.

for the Time being) it was among other Things recited, that divers Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments,

had become and might thereafter become verted in His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by Escheat or otherwise, in Right of the Crown, which, in the Hands of any of His Majesty's Subjects, would be chargeable with certain Trulls, or applicable to certain Purposes, and His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, might be deiiroui that the fame should be applied accordingly, notwithstanding any Right which He or they might bare to bold the fame discharged from such Trails, or without applying the same to such Purposes; but that,

by reason of the Provisions contained in the Acts of the First Year of Her said late Majesty Queen Annef and the Thirty-fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, Doubts might be raised whether His Majesty, Hi*

Heirs or Successors, could direct such Application thereof; and that divers Lands, Tenements, and Hereditamenti, as well Fieehold as Copyhold, had escheated and might escheat to His Majesty, His Heira or

Successors, for Want of Heirs of the Persons last seised thereof or entitled thereto, or by reason of some Forfeiture or otherwise, although not forfeited for TreafJh or Felony; and that it was expedient to enable His Majesty to direct the Execution of any such Trails or Purposes as aforesaid, and to make any Grants of 1 any such Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, as aforesaid, notwithstanding the Provisions contained in the said recited Acts; and it was therefore, in and by the said last recited Act, enacted, That it should be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by Warrant under His or their Sign Manual, to direct the Execution of any Trails or Puraofes to which any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or

Hereditaments, which had escheated or should escheat to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, should have been liable at the Time the fame so escheated respectively, or would have been liable in the Hands of any of His Majesty's Subjects; and to make any Grants of such Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments respectively, to any Trailee or Trustees or otherwise, for the Execution of such Trusts, and to make any Grants of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which had escheated or should escheat as aforesaid to 1 any Person or Persons, either for the Purpose of restoring the same to any of the Family of the Person or Persons whose Estates the fame had been, or of rewarding any Persons or Person making Discovery of any such Escheat, as to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors respectively, should seem fit: And Whereas Doubts have arisen whether the Powers given by the said last recited A cl extend to Manors, Messuages,

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which have or may come to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors,

4 in Right of His Duchy of Lancaster) or by reason that the fame had been purchased by or for the Use of,

orintruft for any Alieu or Aliens, and whether the fame extend to enable His Majesty to grant any Rents or Arrears of Rent accrued orbecome due in respect of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, before any Grant thereof under the said Act x And it is expedient that such Doubts should be removed be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lorih Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in all Cases in which His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, hath or shall, in right of Majesty,

Hii Crown or of His Duchy of Lancaster % become entitled to any Freehold or Copyhold Manors, Messuages, J1'1 H*, r*nd Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, either by Escheat for want of Heirs, or by reason of any Forfeiture, or p^wered to*" by reason that the fame had been purchased by or for the Use of or in trufl for any Alien or Aliens, it shall be dire^ the lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by Warrant under His or their Sign Manual, or under the Execution of Seal of the Duchy or County Palatine of Lancaster, according to the Nature of the Title to such Manors, nyTiufh to Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments respectively, to direct the Execution of any Trails or b

Purposes to which the fame may have been directed to be applied, and to make Grants of such Manors, Escheat, "uT. («n Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Rents or Profits then due and in Arrear to His Right of the' Majesty in respect thereof respectively, to any Tiuftoe or Trustees, or otherwise, for the Execution of any such Crown, or tht Trusts or Purposes, or to any Person or Persons for the Purpose of restoring the same to any of the Family of Duchy of the Person or Persons whose Estates the fame had been, or of carrying into Effect any intended Grant, Con- might have leca teyance, or Devise of any such Person or Persons in relation thereto, or of rewarding any Person or Persons w

making Discovery of any such Escheat, or of His Majesty's Right and Title thereto, as to His Majesty, His restor? fitch Heirs or Successors respectively, shall seem fit; any Thing in the said recited Acts, or any other Act heretofore Land, ><*rmrd made, to the contrary notwithstanding. Difcsvtm*

Aa

I So C. 25.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2.

A.D. 1807.

46 G. 3. c. 69.

Secretary atWar,

6cc. m.«y order the Pay, Pen-stor.3, Sec. due to Officers ahrl \V 1 down to be jnid ai ihcir l'hct s of Kclidence, See. under Powers of 46 G. 3. c. 69.

Secretary atWar, See. may make Rules and Regulations for the Payment of Pay, Persons, &c. r: vocable by His Majesty.

Bi itifli or Irish Treasury may ditedt such Pay, Pensions, fc c. lo be paid by the Rrceivei General t f the Land Tai, &c.

All Assignments v! such Pay,

Pci fions, See, void.

Pay, Pensions, &c. shall be paid without Uctludlion: Penalty 50l.

CAP. XXV.

An Act for the more convenient Payment of Half Pay and Pensions, and other Allowances to Officers and Widows of Officers, and to Persons upon the Compassionate Lift.

[1st August 1807.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

*V yfn jor making letter Provision for Soldiers: And Whereas it would greatly tend to the Comfort and Accommodation of Officers who have served in any of His Majesty's Forces, and Widows of Officers of the Army entitled to Pensions; and also to Persons receiving any Sums of Money on the Compassionate Lift; .* and also of all other Persons re.civing any Pension or Allowance under the Controul, Direction, or Management of the Secretary at War, by reason of having served in His Majesty's Army, or in any of His Forces, or in any

Forces which have been engaged in His Majesty's Service, if all such Payments were made to such Persons in

the Parishes or Places of their residence, or as near thereto as may be, in like Manner as Pensions and

Allowances are paid to Persons who have served in His Majesty's Navy; and that for that Purpose the Powers

of the said recited Act should be extended to all such Persons as far as the same are applicable, and that the Secretary at War, and Paymasters General of His Majesty's Forces for the Time being should be authorized

and empowered from Time to Time to make Rules and Regulations for that Purpose May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and seven, it shall be lawful for the Secretary at War and Paymasters General of His Majesty's Forces for the Time being, to order and direct that all such Pay, Pensions, and Allowances, 10 which any Officers or Persons who have served in any of His Majesty's Forces, or in any Forces which have been heretofore or may hereafter be engaged in His Majesty's Service, or any Widows of any such Officers or any Person receiving any Allowance or Pension on the Compassionate Lift, or any Pension, Allowance, or Relief in respect of any Military Service, shall be paid such Pay, Pension, Allowance, or Relief, at or near to the Parishes or Places of their Residence in any Part of His Majesty's Dominions, or in foreign Parts, by any Person appointed by the Secretary at War or Paymasters General of His Majesty's Forces to pay the lame, under such Rules and Regulations, and upon such Certificates, Vouchers, or Receipts as may from Time to Time at any Tine be ellabiilhcd by the Commissioners of Chelsea Hospital. under the Authority of the said recited Act, as far as the same are or can be made applicable, or under such Restrictions, or other or further Regulations as may be established by the Secretary at War and Paymasters General of His Majesty's Forces for the Time being from Time to Time for that Purpose.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall also he lawful for the Secretary at War and Paymasters General for the Time being to make such Orders, Rules, and Regulations, and from Time to Time to alter the fame in relation to the Payment of any such Pay, Pensions, Allowances, or Relief to any such Persons so entitled thereto as aforesaid; and also as to any Certificates, Vouchers, Receipts, or Orders for the better regulating, managing, and making such Payments, and to require such Proofs and Affidavits relating thereto as may be requisite for the ordering and securing the Payment of such Pay, Pensions, Allowances, and Relief: Provided always, that every such Order, or Regulation may, from Time to Time be revoked or altered by any Warrant, Order, or Instruction under His Majesty's Royal Sign Manual.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, or any Three or more of them, to order and direct that any such Pay, Pensions, Allowances, and Relief, lo due as aforesaid, for the Payment whereof Money shall have been voted by Parliament, shall be paid by any Receiver General of the Land Tax, or Collector of the Cess in Scotland, or any Collector of Duties of Customs or Excifo, or any Collector of the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Aff airs of Taxes, out of any Publick Money in their Hands respectively; and that the Vouchers and Receipts for the Payments of such Money ftiaii be taken as Cacti in the Accounts and in Part of the Duties collected by such Receivers General or Collectors respectively; and all such Sumsof Money so advanced under any such Rule or Regulation for any such Payment, shall be repaid to the Account of the Duties out of which the same shall have been paid, in such Manner as the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, or any Three or more of them shall direct.

IV. And be it Further enacted, That all Affigr.ments, Bargains, Sales, Orders, Contrafts, Agreement?, or Securities whatsoever, which shall be given or made by any Person entitled to any such Pay, Pension, Allowance, or Relief as aforesaid, for, upon, or in respect of any such his Pay, Pension, Allowance or Relief, shall be absolutely null and void to all Intents and Purposes.

V. And be it further enacted, That all and every such Sum or Sums of Money to be paid under the Provisions of this Act shall be fully and completely paid to the Person in whose Favour they shall so respectively be drawn or made payable, without any Deduction or Abatement, or any Fee or Reward whatever, under any Pretence whatsoever, although Part thereof may be in Fractions of the smallest Denomination; and every Person detaining or withholding any Part thereof under Pretence of former Privilege or Usage of Office, or upon or under any Pretence whatsoever, or taking any Fee or Reward for any such Payment, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds; to be recovered with Treble Costs of Suit, by any Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoign, Privilege, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; One Half of which shall go to the Person injured,

the other Half to the Person who shall sue for the same.

C.

47"- GEORGII III. Sess. 2. C. 25 — 27. 181

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Bill, Remittance Bill or Certificate, that shall be made or drawn under the Authority of the Powers by this Act given, shall be fuhjed or liable to or charged or chargeable with any Stamp Duty to which Bills of Exchange are by Law subject and liable, or any Stamp Duty whatioevrr; nor shall any Person or Persons receiving Payment of the Sum or Sums of Money drawn for, mentioned, or specifkd in any such Orders, Bills, or Certificates, be bound or obliged to give a Stamp Receipt for the fame; but a Receipt or Acknowledgement of Payment indorsed on such Order, Bill, or Certificate, shall be held, deemed, and taken as a sufficient Relcafe and Discharge for the fame in all Cases and Courts; whatsoever.

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person shall wilfully and knowingly personate or falsely assume the Name or Character of, or procure any other Person to personate or falsely to afiume the Name or Character of any other Person entitled or supposed to be entitled to any such Pay, Pension, Allowance, or Relief as aforesaid, in order to receive the same or any Part thereof, every such Person so offending, and being lawfully convicted thereof, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and maybe tran-sported for such Period, not exceeding Fourteen Years, as the Court shall adjudge.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall knowingly and wilfully forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully ad or a {lift in forging and counterfeiting the Name or Hand Writing of any Person entitled to any such Pay, Pension, Allowance, or Relief, or of any Person or Persons required by any Rules or Regulations made under and by Virtue of this Act to sign any Certificate, Voucher, or Receipt in relation to the Payment of any such Pay, Pension, Allowance, or Relief, for and in order to the receiving or obtaining any Money on any such Pension, Allowance, or Relief, or shall utter any such, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited, with an Intention to defraud any Person whatsoever, every such Person so offending being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be and is hereoy declared and adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and may be transported for such Period, not exceeding Fourteen Years, as the Court shall adjudge,

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate or any

Receiver General of the Land Tax, Coiledor of the Ccfs in Scotland, Collector of the Customs or Collector of Excise, to enquire into the Truth of any Certificate or Voucher required by any such Rules or Regulations, and produced to him by any Person claiming any such Pay, Pension, Allowance, or Relief under any such Certificate or Voucher or any Person acting for him by the Oath or Affirmation of the Person producing the fame, which Oath or Affirmation any such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate or Receiver General or Collector aforesaid is hereby authorized and required to administer, and upon being satisfiedof the Truth of such Certificate or Voucher toteflify the fame on the Back of such Certificate or Voucher; and every Person who shall in any such Oath or Affirmation wilfully and corruptly swear or affirm any Matter or Tiling which shall be false or untrue, every such Person so offending and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as any Person convicted of Perjury is by any Law now in force subjcd and liable to.

Orders, Certificates, & c. exempt from Stamp Duty. §10. As § no/ 46 G. 3. c. 69; and fee §6 of this P' fjcnt Atf,

Order*, Receipts, Sec. under this Act r ^milled liiitn.

Stamp Duly.

PilMishment for

pc ifoiuring Pc I foils entitled p*y, Sccv Fciony and Transportafioiw

The /ikeI'unish..-

tneiit f>r forging, or counterfeiting flic Names, Atu of Perfuni cutMled to Pay, &c«.

Jiifiicefj&c.mpy esquire on Oath into the Truth of Ccrnfkatcs, Uc.

Penalty of Perjury on false Oaths.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for defraying, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland; for holding Courts Martial on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, for Offences committed during the Time such Militia shall not be embodied; and for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace. [ill Augtjl 1807.]

[?ee 43 G. 3. c. 83. to which this A8isfimilar, mutatis mutandis.]

CAP. XXVII.

An Act to authorize His Majesty to permit the Importation of Naval Stores from any Placcin Ships belonging to States in Amity with His Majesty, and navigated in any Manner whatever.

[ill August 1807.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled,

An Act for the encouraging and increnfng of Shipping arA Navigation* all Sorts of Mails, Timber, and

Boards, Pitch, Tar, Rolin, Hemp, and Flax, are required to be imported into the Kingdom of Great Britain

in lirittjb Ships, or in Ships the Built of the Country or Place in Europe of which the Articles respectively are the Growth, Production, or Manuladure, or of the Built of the usual Port of Shipping; and by another

Act, made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled. An

Ad fir preventing Frauds and regulating Abufis in His Miffsfs Cv/loms, no Sort of Pitch, Tar, Kofin, Deal ' Boards. Fir, or Timber, are also wed to be imported from the Netljerlands or Germany* upon any Pretence 'whatever; And Whereas it is expedient to permit the importation of the said Articles from any Port or

Place whatever, in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords St) 1 tualand Temporal, an ICommons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it thailand may be lawml for liis Majesty, by Order 1. Council, to grant Licences from Time to Time, when and as often at the faing shall be judged expedient, to permit, from and after the passing of this Act,

any

it Car, c. 15.

13 & 14 Car. u c. 11.

His M.ijcfiy crop >u cicu by Orrki u Council, to grant Licence# for permuting

N.ivil S'ore* ta Ik* imported f*nm any Fhee iu Amay with Hun.

Feeiu! of

4?G. c. 69. and 45 G. 3.

c. 14. importng

Dutiei on Sait,

45 G. j. c. 14.

Further Allowance on Salt used Ky Bleachers in nuking Oxygenated Muriatic Acid.

C. 27 — 30, 47° GEORGII III. Sefl2. A.D. 1807.

any- Sort of Mails, Timber or Boards, Pitch, Tar, Rosin, Hemp, or Flax, as shall be {pacified m any such Order in Council, to be imported from any Country or Place whatever, in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, navigated in any Manner whatever; any Thing in the said Acts, made and passed in the Twelfth and the Thirteenth and Fourteenth* Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, or either of them, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven. [lil August 1807.]

Treasury may issue Exchequer Bills, agreeably to those issued under Malt Ad, 47 G.3, Sefl*. 1. c. 3. § r, 2, 5. — H Interest not exceeding 3^d per Cent. per Diem: Bills may be received for Taxes after Four Months from the Date, §3, 4. — Baak authorized to advance 6, oooo, ooool. under this Act, §6.

[/a the fame Form as 41 G. 3. (UK.) c. 4]

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia in Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven, [1st August 1807.]

[In all respectt the same as 46 G. 3 c. 39 5 mutatis mutandis.]

CAP. XXX.

An Act to amend several Laws of Excise in Great Britain, relating to the Duties on Salt, Sope, Paper, Coffee, Cocoa Nuts, Spirits, and Glass; and for restoring Seizures in certain Cases.

[1st August 1807.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Forty-third Year of the Rci^n of His present Majesty, intituled1

An Act to repeal the Duties of Excise payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof i 4 Duty of Ten Shillings is imposed for every Bushel of Salt and Rock Salt made at any Salt Work, or raised or

taken out of any Salt Mine or Salt Pit in that Part of Great Britain called England; and a Duty of Four Shillings is by the said Act also imposed for every Bushel of Salt or Rock Salt that shall be made at any Salt Work, or raised or taken out of any Salt Mine or Salt Pit in Scotland; and by the said Act an Allowance i*

directed to be made of Ten Shillings for every Bushel of Salt of English Manufacture, used, employed, spent,

and consumed by any Bleacher of Linen or Cotton in that Part of Great Britain called England, in the making of Oxigenated Muriatic Acid for the sole Purpose of bleaching Linen or Cotton, and so in Proportion for any greater orless Quantity, dedudingat the Rate of Seven and a Half per Centum in consequence of the9Increase in the Weight of the Salt by the Moisture of the Air; and an Allowance of Four Shillings is by the said Act also directed to be made for every Bushel of Salt used, employed, spent, and consumed by any

Bleacher of Linen or Cotton in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, in the making of Oxigenated9Muriatic Acid for the foie Puqrofe of bleaching Linen or Cotton, and so in Proportion for any greater or left9Quantity, deduding at the Rate of Seven and a Haltyer Centum in consequence of the Increase in the Weight9of the Salt by the Moisture of the Air: And Whereas by another Act made in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His said" Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting additional Duties on Salt in Great Britain, an additional Duty of Five Shillings is imposed for and upon every Bushel of Salt or Rock Salt, made at any

Salt Work, or raised or taken out of any Salt Mine or Salt Pit in England\ and weighed, taken, or delivered for Home Consumption 5 and a Duty of Two Shillings is also by the said Act imposed for and upon every Bushel of Salt or Rock Salt, made at any Salt Work, or raised or taken out of any Salt Mine or Salt Pit in Scotland, and weighed, taken, or delivered for Home Consumpt ion: And Whereas it is expedient to make such further Allowances as are herein after mentioned, for and in respect of such Salt as shall be used, employed,

spent, and consumed in Manner herein after mentioned; be it therefore enacted by the King's tnoft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Tenth Day of Odder One thousand eight hundred and seven, there shall be made and allowed out of the Duties imposed by the said last mentioned AG, a further Allowance of Five Shillings for every Bushel of Salt of English Manufacture, which shall, on or after the Tenth Day cf 03oher One thousand eight hundred and seven, be used, employed, spent, and consumed by any Bleacher of Linen or Cotton in that Part of Great Britain called England, in the making of Oxigenated Muriatic Acid for the sole Purpose of bleaching Linen or Cotton, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, deducting at the Rate of Seven and a Half per Centum in consequence of the Increase in the Weight of the Salt by the Moisture of the Air; and a further Allowance of Two Shillings for every Buftielof Salt which shall, on or after the Tenth Day of Odoher One thousand eight hundred and {even, be used, employed, spent, and consumed by any Bleacher of.Linen or Cotton in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, in the making of Oxigenated Muriatic Acid for the sole Purpose of bleaching Linen or Cottony and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, deduGinjr at the Rate of Seven and a Half per Centumt'm consequence of the Increase in the Weight of the Salt by the Moisture of the Air; such several further Allowances* of Five Shillings and Two Shillings per Bushel respectively, to be made and allowed in like Manner, and under

the

A.D. 1807. 47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. C. 30. 183

the Kke Prorifioni and Restrictions, as the Allowances respectively first herein-before mentioned are directed to be allowed for or upon Salt used by any Bleacher of Linen or Cotton in the making of Oxigenated Muriatic Acid, by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act, relating to the Duties of Excise upon Salt.

II. 4 And Whereas, by an Act made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

4. An Act to repeal the Duties of Excift payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereoft a Duty 43 G. 3. e. ip of Ten Shillings was imposed for every Bushel of all Saks known or called by the Name of Glauber or Epsom Salts which should be made or produced in Great Britain: And Whereas, by another Act made in the Fortyfifth Year of His said Majesty» Reign, intituled, An Act for granting additional Duties on Salt in Great Britain, 45 Q. 3. c 14.

4 an additional Duty of Five Shillings was imposed for and upon every Bushel of all Salt known or called by the

Name of Glauber Salt*or Epsom Salt, which, on or after the Twenty second Day of February One thousand

9 right hundred and five, should have been or should be made or produced in Great Britain: And Whereas

Doubts have arisen whether the said Duty and additional Duty respectively are chargeable or charged for and

1 upon Glauber Salt and Epsom Salt respectively, made or to be made in Great Britain / Now, to obviate

1 tod remove all such Doubts, ' be it therefore enacted, That the said Duty and additional Duty respectively Duty impofrd

were by the said Acts intended to be chargeable and charged, and are by the said Acts chargeable and charged by recited A

for and ipon all Glauber Salt and for and upon all Epsom Salt respectively, made or produced, or to be made r*

or produced in Great Britain: And that all and singular the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, oiaulTr

Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which are contained, provided, settled, or established in and Epsom Sal'#

or by an Act made in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for »crpc<ftiy«iy.

transferring the Management of the Salt Duties to the Commissioners of Excise, and for repealing the Duties on Salt, KeguUiion* of

and the Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties paid thereout, and for granting other D utter. Drawbacks, Allowances, apolied"u>C*

mid B ounties thereon, and in force imim diately before the passing of this Act, or which are contained, provided, Glauber Salt '

settled, or established in or by any Act or Acts of Parliament mentioned or referred to in or by the said Act and Epsom Sal*,

made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His £akl Majesty, or in or by any other Act or Acts of respectivcljs

Parliament in force immediately before the pafltng of this Act, relating to the Duties of Excise on Salt, are

contained, provided, settled, or established, for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating or recovering,

adjudging or ascertaining, the Duties on Salt thereby granted, shall be practised, tiled, and put in Execution,

io and for the managing, raising, levying, colliding, mitigating, recovering, and paying the said Duties for

Glauber Salt and for Epsom Salt respectively made or produced, or to be made or produced m Great Britain,

awl for preventing, deteding, and pimifliing Frauds relating thereto, as fully and enedually to all Intents and

Pjrposes as if all and every the said Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties, Forfeitures

Clauses, Matters, and Things, weie particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

III. ' And Whereas large Quantities o*' Salt employed for the packing, curing, or preserving of Provisions, Miners of Hides, Skins, and other Articles imported into Great Britain, arc landed ami used to the great Injury of His Vessel* Hull 1 Majesty's Revenue be it therefore enacted, That, from a .d after the Tenth Day of October One thousand ibrw aver hoar<| tight hundred and seven, the Mailer or Person having the Charge or Command of any Ship or Vessel coming t'vh* beta iiitomy Port or Place in Great Britain, and having on board any salted Provisions other than for the Sustenance urr<j slewing* of the Seamen then belonging to and on board such Ship or Vessel, or any Hides, Skins, or other Articles, in or pref«rvin& t'ttpiuki.ig, curing, or preserving of which any Salt is or shall have been employed, shall, and is hereby required i'iwvUioh*, before the unloading and landing of Etch Provisions, Hides, Skins, or other Articles respectively, to throw or ciikto be thrown overboard and destroyed, in the Presence of the proper Officer of Cuiloins or Excise, all the Silt which (Rail then be or shall have been employed in the packing, curing, or preferring of such Provisions, lhto, Skins, or other Articles, and all other loose or toul Salt which shall fall oft from or be in or about such

1

i

>1

fi

I

Provisions, Hides, Skins, or other Articlesand if any such Mailer or other Person shall neglect or refuse to pc»alry 100L

ikjs'or cause to be thrown overboard and deft roved, all such Salt as aforesaid, such Mailer or otjier Person fa

weeding or refusing shall, for every fuel) Neglect or Rcfuial, forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds;

sd it (hailacid may be lawful to and for the proper Officer or Officers of Customs or Excise, by himself or officer, ler, may

tUmfeiws, or with such A1 fill a ace as may be necessary, to throw all and every Part of such Salt as aforesaid dutmy bait.

u^rboaril, and destroy the same.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all foul or other Salt which shall have been employed in the packing, j.ajt 0-v: ', or prefer v ing, or shall have fallen olf from, or been in or about any such Provisions, Hides, Skins, or chuuk it indy Articleand which shall be unshipped, lauded, or delivered from or out of any Ship, Veil'd, or Boat, kndcdfuifuud. C'M.rary to the true Inteut and Meaning of this Act, ftnll be forfeited or loft, together with the Packages titu, mag the fame, and shall and may be fei/.ed by any Officer or Officers of Customs or Excise; and if any ?ff.oa«r Persona shall unfiiip, laud, or deliver, or cause or procure to be pufiiipped, landed, or delivered, or be or affilling in the unshipping, landing, or del.wring from or out of any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, any such N& <n aforesaid, or shall hide or conceal, or cause or procure to be hidden or concealed, any such Salt so penalty i>n dipped, landed, or delivered as aforesaid, or shall leceive into higher, or their Hands, Custody, or Possession, u, rf»ipping or wy Ju: h Salt so unshipped, landed, or delivered as aforesaid, he, she, or they, knowing the same to have been (»*,

to utishipped, landed, or delivered as aforesaid; such Person or Persons, and each and e .e/y of them, shall, for l0oL tod and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pound*.

V'And Whereas it is expedient that the Du y of Excise now payable on Suited Beef, Pork, or Bacon, Sixpence of tl

' hcyigtit by Land from Scotlauil to England, should be reduced be it therefore enacted, That from and after

Day of October One thousand eight hundred and (even, Sixpence of the Duty of Excise of Two^cr i; .d Sixpence for every Hundred Weight of Salted Beef or Po*k, or of Bacon, brought by Land

9 from '

18V

Trovisions from Stt-rliind Ti pcakd.

to Ann, c. r$.

J6.

Pennkr on privately making fcupe, zooJ»

irftrnd of rol. ui'der rccircd A*t.

Penalty on Person* a/tifting in making Sope.pnvatciy.

First OtFcncc2ol.

Officers may arrcll and carry the n before a last cc, who may nvnfl «Uid commit.

S'end OfTrnce fi>\ or Four M>»-V s lfljp.ifoiiaicnt.

PrnaVy on Orr»ri' or Rd.rerv of H joI'cs where b>pe shall be p ivatt ly made, zool.

and on Oci u-pion ize\*

G.30. 47° GEORGII III. 8efT.2. A.D. 1807.

from Scotland to England, granted by an Act made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to repeal the Duties of Excise payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof, shall ccafe and determine.

VI. And Whereas by an Act made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne,

among other Things for laying several Duties upon Sope made in Great Britain, it is enabled, That*it any

Maker of Sope shall crcdt, let up, alter, enlarge, or make use of any Boilinghouse, Workhouse, Warehouse/

Storehouse, Shop, Room, or other Place for the making or keeping of Sope, or for the boiiingor keeping any Oil, Tallow, Pot A Hi, Lime, or other Materials proper to be made into Sope, or shall use any Copper, Kettle, '

Furnace, Fat, Cittern, Trough, or other Vessel, for the boiling or making of Sope, without iirfl giving such

Notice thereof, as in the said Act is mentioned, contrary to the true Meaning of the said Act, then and in every stich Case the Offender therein, for every such Offence, Audi forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds: 1

And VYhereas the said Penalty has, by Experience, been found ineffectual and insufficient to prevent orreilraia the privately making Sope, and it is therefore expedient to iucrcafe such Penalty; be it therefore enacted, That if any Maker or Makers of Sope shall, from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and seven, ered, set up, alter, enlarge, or make life of any Boiling-house, Workhouse, Warehouse/ Storehouse, Shop, Room, or other Place, for the making or keeping of .Sope, or for the boiling or keeping any Oil, Tallow, PotAfb, Lime, or other Materials, 'proper to be made into Sope, or shall use any Copper, Kettle, Furnace, Fat, Ciltern, Trough, or other Vessel, for the boiling or making of Sope, without giving such Notice thereof nsbforesaid, then and in every such Case the Offender therein, for every such Offence, shall forfeit and lofc the Sum of Two hundred Pounds: Provided always nevertheless, that no Person or Persons who shall be prosecuted for the said Penalty of Two hundred Pounds shall be liable to be prosecuted for the fame Offence for the said recited Penalty of Fifty Pounds; any Thing herein-before or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

VII. And in order to deter Persons from affilling in the private and fraudulent making of Sope in unentered Places, be it further enacted, That from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and seven, when any Officer or Officers of Excise shall discover that the making of Sope is carried on in any Boilinghouse, Workhouse, Storehouse, Warehouse, Shop, Room, or other Place, whereof no Notice in Writing shall have been given at the Office for the Duties on Sope next to the Place where such Sope shall be made, and shall at the same Time discover in the Boilinghouse, Workhouse, Storehouse, Warehouse, Shop, Room, or other Place whereof no such Notice as aforesaid shall have been given, and where the making of Sope shall be so discovered to be carried on, any Person or Persons knowingly affilling or any way concerned in carrying on the making of Sope in any such Boilinghouse, Workhouse, Storehouse, Warchpul'e, Shop, Room or other Place whereof no such Notice as aforesaid shall have been given, every such Person or Persons so discovered shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Twenty Pounds over and above all Penalties and Forfeitures that the Proprietor or Maker of such Sope, or the Owner, Renter, Occupier or Possessor, of such Boilinghouse, Workhouse, Storehouse, Warehouse, Shop, Room, or other Place shall be liable to 5 and it shall be lawful for the Officer and Officers of Excise, and all other Persons acting in his or their Aid, to flop, arreff, and detain all and every the Person and Persons so discovered in such Boilinghouse, Workhouse, Storehouse, Warehouse, Shop, Room, or other Place whereof no such Notice as aforesaid shall have been given, and to convey the said Person or Persons before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, or Liberty respectively, wherein such Person or Persons shall be so discovered as aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively on Confession of the Party, or on Proof, by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to convict the Person or Persons so discovered as aforesaid; and the Person or Persons so corn-idled shall immediately on such Conviction pay the said Sum of Twenty Pounds into the Hands of the Officer who frail have conveyed such Offender before such Jult ce or Justices of the Peace, to be applied in Manner herein after directed; and on such Offender or Offenders refusing or neglecting to pay the said Sum of Twenty Pounds, the Justice or Justices so convicting as aforesaid, shall, by Warrant or Warrrants under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seal?, commit the Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction for the said County, Riding, Division, City, or Liberty respectively, there to remain arid he kept to hard Labour for the Space of Two Months, to be reckoned from the Day of such Commitment, and the Person or Persons so committed shall not be discharged until he, she, or they, shall have paid the said Sum of Twenty Pounds or until the Expiration of the said Two Months; and in case the Person or Persons so convicted shall be again discovered in any Boilinghouse, Workhouse, Storehouse, Warehouse, Shop, Room, or other Place whereof no such Notice as aforesaid shall have been given, and where the making of Sope shall be so earned on, assisting or otherwise concerned in carrying on such making of Sope, he, she, or they, so again offending, shall upon the like Conviction forfeit and pay for such Second Offence the Sum of Forty Pounds, and in Default thereof shall be committed to the House of Correction in Manner aforesaid, there to remain for and during the Term of Four Months, or until the said Sum of Forty Pounds shall be paid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and seven, all and every Owner or Renter or Owners or Renters of any House, Outhouse, or other Place in \v) ich any Boilinghouse, Workhouse, Warehouse, Storehouse, Shop, Room, or other Place, for the making or k< eping of Sope, or for the boiiingor keeping any Oil, Tallow, Pot Ash, Lime, or other Materials proper to I e made into Sope, or any Copper, Kettle, Furnace, Fat, Ciltern, Trough, or other Vessel for the boiling or making of Sope, shall, with the Permission, Sufferance, Privity, or Knowledge of such Owner or Renter, Owners or Renters, be erected, set up, or made use of, without first giving such Notice thereof as aforesaid, fr ail forfeit and lofc the Sum of Two hundred Pounds: And that all and every other Person or Persons in whole Occupation any House, Outhouse, or other Place in Wwhich any Boilinghouse, Workhouse, Warehouse*

7 Storehouse,

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2.

C. 30. 185.'

Btorehouse, Shop, Room, or other Place for the making or keeping of Sope, or for the boiling ov keeping any Oil, Tallow* Pot Ash, Lime, or other Materials proper to be made into Sope, or any Copper, Kettle,

Furnace, Fat, Cistern, Trough, or other Vessel for the boiling or making of Sope, shall be ereftcU, set up, or made use of, without first giving such Notice thereof as aforesaid, is or shall be found or discovered, shall forfeit end lofc the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

IX. 4 And Whereas the Provisions made by the Laws now in force relating to the Form and Construction of Hard Sope

Sope Frames, are not sufficient to answer the good Purposes thereby intended, and it is therefore expedient M .kers shall «#t

to make such further Provisions in respect thereof as are herein after mentioned be it therefore enacted,*fc anI SoPf That from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and seven, no Maker or Makers of sj^End* Hard Sope shall, for the cleaning or putting his, her, or their Sope (whether perfect or not perfect) into, shall nor be when taken out of the Copper or other Utensil where the fame was boiled, make use of any Frame, the Sides perman?rtiy and Endsof each and every of the Lifts whereof shall not be permanently mortifedand nailed, or permanently f-tflencflrojtther dove-tailed tod nailed together, nor make use of any Frame of a less Depth or Height than that of Forty-five

Inches, nor shall cleanse or put his, her, or their Sope, when taken out of the Copper or other Utensil where inches in Depth, the same shall have been boiled, into any Frame in any less Quantity than to the Depth in such Frame of Forty- penalty 50b (ire Inches at the least j and if any Maker or Makers of Hard Sope shall for the Purpose aforesaid make use of sny Frame the Sides and Ends of each and every of the Lifts whereof shall not be permanently mortifed and nailed, or permanently dove-tailed and nailed together, or make use of any Frame or a less Depth or Height than that of Forty-five Inches, or shall cleanse or put his, her, or their Sope when taken out of the Copper or other Utensil where the same shall have been boiled into any Frame in any less Quantity than to the Depth in such Frame of Forty-five Inches at the least, all and every Maker and Makers of Hard Sope so offending shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds: Provided always, that every such Maker and Makers of Hard Sope shall be at Liberty to cleanse and put into One such Sope Frame as is hereinbefore directed to be used, the Residue of any making of Sope which shall remain after filling his, her, or their other Sope Frame or Frames to the Depth of Forty-five Inches at the least, though such Residue of Sope should be of any less Quantity than fuflkient to fill such One Sooe Frame to the Depth of Forty-five Inches.

X. And be it further enu&ed, That no Maker or Makers o\ Sope shall, from and after the Tenth Day of Maker* of Sop#

OZc&er One iboufar.d eight hundred and (even, cleanse or take, or begin to cleanse or take, his, her, or their Hull clemfe Sope, from or out of any Copper, Pan, or other Utensil, by him, her, or them, used for the boiling or making ^iTaUi

of Sope, at any other lime than between the Hours of Seven in the Morning and Six in th" Afternoon j and UourT"* even- Maker or Makers of Sope, having begun to cleanse, or take his, her, or their Sope from or out of any Penalty job Copper, Pan, or other Utensil, by him, her, or them used, for the boiling or making of Sope, shall, within the Space of Four Hours, from the Time of hie, her, or their having so begun, clean!© and take the Whole of his, her, or their Sope, from or out of such Copper, Pan, or other Utensil \ and if any Maker or Makers of Sope fl ail cleanse or take, or begin to cleanse or take, hit, her, or their Sope from or out of any Copper, Pan, or other Utensil, by him, her, or them used for the boiling or making of Sope, at any other Time than between the Maura of Seven in the Morning and Six in the Afternoon, or having begun to cleanse, or take his, her, or their dope, from or out of any Copper, Pan, or other Utensil, by him, her, or them uled, for the boiling of making of Sope, shall not within the Space of Four Honrs from the Time of his, her, or their having so begtm, deaide and take the Whole of his, her, or their Sope, from or out of such Copper, Pan, or other Utensil j futh Maker or Makers of Sope, so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lofc the Suap of Fifty Poind*,

XI. And be it furthcrenacted, That, from and after the Tenth Day of 08ober One thousand eight hundred Penalty nn Sope ind seven, when and so often ns any Maker or Makers of Hard Sope, shall havecleanfed his, her, or their Sope, Maker* nor into any Frame or Frame*, wherein respect ivdy such Sope shall be of the Depth of Fifty Inchet or under, all «nd every such Maker and Makers of Sope shall, within One hundred and twenty Hours after fitch Sope shall or°!£, r$ wirhin have been so cleansed into such Frame or Frame*, cut or divide such Sope into Cakes or Bara, and remove the cmaia Time, dime and every part thereof, from and out of such Frame or Frames and when and so often as any Maker or 5^1.

Waken of Hard Sope, shall have cleansed, his, her, or their Sope into any Frame or Frames wherein respectively such Sope shall be of the Depth of upwards of Fifty Inches, all and every Maker and Makers oi Sope (half, within One hundred and sixty-eight Hours after such Sope shall have been so cleansed into such Frame or Frames, cut or divide such Sope into Cake* or 15nr*, and remove the fame and every Part thereof, from and out of such Frame or Frameij and if any Maker or Makers of Hard Sope shall have cleansed his, her, or their Sope, into toy Frame or Frames wherein respectively such Sope shall be of the Depth of Fifty Inches or tinder, and shall tof, within One hundred and twenty Hour* after such Sope shall have been so elennfed into such Frame or Frame*, cut or divide such Sope into Cakes or Bars, and remove the fame and every Part thereof, from or out ft such Frame or Frames\ 01 if any Maker or Makers of Hard Sope shall have cleansed his, her, or their Sope into say Frame or Frames whenun respectively f ich Sope shall be of the Depth of upwards of Fifty Inches, tod shall not, within One hundred and sixty-eight Hours after such Sope shall have been so cleansed into such Frames or Frame, cut or divide such Sope into Cake9 or Bnrs, and remove the fame, and every Part thereof,

6pm or out of such Frame or Frames, every such Maker or Makers of Sope shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds,

XIC. 1 And Whereas »t is expedient that so much of an Act passed in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of jc> G- 3- c. 1 iu

His present Majesty, intituled, /nUt to amend tk* Lav: rf Ex rife, so far at relates to Prosecution* for Penalties,*

1 to tb* counterfeiting the $tamf>i on the IVrappers of Paper, and to the punching Per fort* pdfy of Perjury, as was

rnsde for repealing so much of another Act therein mentioned to have been passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of 1 the Reign of His present Majesty, as is recited in the ia'd Act of the Forty-sixth Year of His fin'd Majesty's

47 WIO. 111. B b Reign,

186

C. 30.

47° GEORGII III. Sefif.2.

A.D. 1807.

Repca'ed (o far as idftTe* 'o n of 3 \ G. 3, c. 20»

34 G. 3. c. 10 $9.

of

t o' 500l.

Un^f r reit d Ad, I'rrfuns C intertciting St. mp*, &c. '

th <Ui 6 !« be liice; t»y f.mlAd, lh til b» rnihyof Felony, a'Hi rt.in 1 jr*bcMll Yc*if«.

43 G. 3 c. 69. Schi dult*A.B. Xitle " Fapcr/*

fourth Year of His said present M-.jdly's Reign as is herein-le vr: > recited, and in lieu thereoi

every Perlcji or Persons so offending shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and subject to such

is herein after directod be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Tenth Day of October

Rrpeal of the

Exception of Sheathing Paper, Butt >n P'per, and Button Board from Excise Duties. Sneaihin^ Riper, Bu-: on Paper, and Button Board shall pay the same Dunes a* Millboard.

5G 2. c. 24. §3.

4 G. 3. C. 15: §2C.

Reign, relating to the counterfeiting Stamps provided for Paper, and making other ProvHonsin lieu thereof,

4 fr.ould be repealed, and in lieu thereof to make such Provilh-ns as are in that Behalf her-nn-after mentioned; be it therefore er.acted, That born at d after the Tenth Dav of OH.her One thousand eight hundred atkl (even, so much of the said Act prided i: i the Forty-sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign, as relates to the repealing so much of the At'r then in nrert Join'd to have been pafiVd in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His laid Majesty, as is recited in the said Act of the Forty-nxth Year of His fuid Majesty's Reign, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

XIII. ' And Whereas by an Act made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties on Paper, Pajltloard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and G, azcd Paper, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; it was amongst oilier Tilings enacted, that if any Person or Persons

whatsoever should counterfeit or cause to be counterfeited any Stamp, Device, or Label, provided or directed to be used in pursuance of the said recited Act of the Thirty-fourth Year of His laid present Majesty's Reign,

then and in c\erv such Case every such Person so offending therein should for every such O fleece forfeit the Sinn cf Five hundred Pounds: And Whereas it is expedient to repeal so much of the said Act of the Thirty*

a of to direct that : h Punishir.ent fl3 October One thousand eight hundred and seven, so much of the said Act of the Thirty-fourth Year of His laid present Majesty's Kcigr. as is herein-be fore recited, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed, fuve and except in all and every Case and Cases relating to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, Fines, Pena'ties, or Forfeitures of the said Sam of Five hundred Pouiigf, which have been incurred at any Time before or on the said Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and seven; and that if any Person or Persons whatever shall from and after the said Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and seven, counterfeit or forge, or cause to be counterfeited or forged, any Stamp, Device, or Label, provided or di efted to be used in pursuance of the said Act made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, every Person so offending and being thereof duly convicted shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall for such his, her, or their Offence be traufporled as a Felon or Felons for the Space of Seven Years.

XIV.*And Whereas by an Act made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled, An Act to repeal the Duties of ILxcise payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof certain Dutjes of Excise are imposed for and in respect of Paper, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper,

made in Great Britain, and for and in respect of Irifu Paper, Pasteboard, Glazed Paper for Clothiers and

Hot Proffers, Millboard and Scaleboard imported from Ireland into Great Britain not being Sheathing Paper or Button Paper, or Button Board 5 and by the said Act a certain Drawback, is granted on the Exportation of Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, and Scaleboard, made in Great Britain as Merchandize to Foreign Parts: And Wneicas it is expedient to repeal the said Exception for and in respect of Sheathing Paper, Button Paper, and Button Board, and to impose thereon such Duty as is herein after directed; be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and feten, the said Exception of Sheathing Paper, Button Paper, and Button Board, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed; and that from and after the said Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and seven, all Sheathing Paper, Button Paper, and Button Board respectively made in Great Britain, shall be subject and liable to the same Duty of Excise as is by the said Act imposed for or in respect of Millboard made in Great Britain; and that all Irish Sheathing Paper, Button Paper, and Button Board, imported from Ireland into Great Britain, shall be subject and liable to the same Duty of Excise as is by the said Act imposed for or in respect of frish Millboard imported from Ireland into Great Britain; and that there shall be paid and allowed for and in respect of all Sheathing Paper, Button Paper, and Button Board respectively made in Great Britain, for which the Duties in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exporU d as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, the fame Drawback as is by the said Act granted for or in respect of Millboard made in Great Britain and expoited to Foreign Parts; the said Duties and Drawbacks by this Act imposed and granted to be raised, recovered, paid, and allowed under the fame Management, and under and subject to the same Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures as the said Duties of Excilc on Millboard are by the said Act or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament to be raised, recovered, paid, or allowed, any Tiling in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary' in anywise notwithstanding.

XV. 4 And Whereas, by an Act: made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for encouraging tie Growth of Coffee in IBs ATajfly's Plantations in America, certain Affidavits and Certificates are required to I c made and produced before any Coffee is suffered to be put on board any Ship or Vessel in any of His Majesty*8 Colonies and Plantations in America, and before the clearing of such Ship or Vessel, and on the Importation into Great Britain of such Coffee from any of His Majesty'*

Colonies or Plantations in America; and by another Act made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, (among other Things, ) for more effectually preventing the clandestine Conveyance of Goods to and from the said Colonies and Plantations, and improving and securing the Trade between the fame and Great Britain, certain

other. Affidavits and Certificates are required to be made and produced before the clearing out of any Ship or r Vessel on board of which any Rum or Spirits as of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture, of any British Colony or Plantation shall be loaded in any of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and upon the Importation of such Rum or Spirits into Great Britain fram any of His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in, America; and it is among other Things enacted, that any Rum or Spirits imported or found onboard any such Ship or Vessel, as is in the said Act in that Behalf mentioned, for which no such Certificate shall be produced, or which shall not agree therewith, shall be deemed and taken to be Foreign Rum and Spirits, and,

liable

47° GEORGII III. BeT. 2.

C. 3 o.

187

liabli' to the fame Duties as Rum or Spirits of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any Foreign Colon/

or Plantation would respectively be liable to by Law: And Whereas, by another A<A made in the Twenty-

third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the fin (her encouraging the Growth of 13G.J. c 79.$/.

Coffee and Cocoa Nuts in His Majesty's ljlands ami Plantations in America, certain other AiFidavits and Certificates are required to be made and produced before any Cocoa Nuts are fullered to be put on board any Ship or Vesselin any of His Majestys Islands or Plantations in America, and before the Clearing of such Ship or

Y'jfTel, and upon the Importation into Great Britain of such Cocoa Nuts from any of His Majesty's Colonies

or TIantations in Ar erica: And Whereas it is expedient that the Commissioners of Excise in England and 4 S otland respectively shall he authorized and empowered to permit in Manner herein after mentioned, CofFce,

Cocoa Nuts, and Rum or Spirits, imported into Great Britain from any British Colony or Plantation in

dr.erica, to be entered, on Payment of such Duty or Duties of Excise as is or are imposed by Law, for or in 1 respect of Coffee, Cocoa Nuts, and Rum cr Spirits respectively, of the Growth or Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in America9 though such Affidavits or Certificates as aforesaid may be wanting: Be it

therefore enacted, That from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and seven, if any Cornmiflbner* Coffee, Cocoa Nuts, Rum or Spirits, shall be imported into Great Britain from any Brit ifh Colony or Plaitation of Exc fe may In in America! without such Affidavit or Certificate, or Affidavits or Certificates, as is by Law in that Behalf c*rt*'n Case* required, being made or produced, and it shall be made to appear, to the Satisf.: 6lion of the Commissi rners of Cuccn^otT* Excise in England and Scotland respectively, or the major Part of them respectively, that such Coffee, Cocoa Rum, or piriu* Nuts, Rum or Spirits, was or were really and truly the Growth and Produce of a British Colony or Plantation to entry x in America^ and was or were imported as aforesaid, without such Affidavit or Certificate, or Affidavits or British pianta-Certificates, bona fide and with, out any Intention of Fraud; then and in every such Case it shall and may be J *fodu^cc*

lawful to and for the Lid respective Commissioners, or the major Part of them respectively, to permit the said eomoanied by

Coffee, Cocoa Nuts, Rum or Spirits respectively to be entered, upon Payment of such Duty or Duties of Ccruhcates, 5te. Excif- as the fame would have been liable to if such Affidavit or Certificate, or Affidavits or Certificates, relatively had been regularly made and produced, any Thing in the said recited Acts or any of them, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary thereof inanvwise notwithstanding.

XVI. 4 And Whereas by an Att made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George 193.2 c. 12. §91 1 the Second, among other Things, for granting to His Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Glass,* it is

arr.ongfl other Things enacted, that all and every the Officers of the said Duties shall at all Times, by Day or

by N gbt, be permitted, upon his or their Request, to enter in the Workhouse, Warehouse, or other Place

or Prices, for making or preparing of Glass, belonging to or used by any Person who shall be a Maker or J

Makers of any Glass whatsoever, and to weigh or otherwise take an Account of the just; Quantity of the 1 Metal and Mat. ri ds mixed and prepared for the making of Glass before the fame be put into such Pot or Pots,

ri the said Act in that Behalf mentioned, and to examine, gauge, or otherwise take an Account of the just

Quantity of the Metal and Materials mixed and prepared for the making of Glass, after the same shall have brn pt into such Pot or Pots, and shall thereof respectively make Return or Report in Writing to the

nrieC.ive Commissioners of Excise in Great Britain, or such as they shall respectively appoint to receive the'fan.?, leaving a true Copy < if demanded) in Writing under his or their Hand, with or for such Maker or

MA'-rs of Glass relncdively, and such Return or Report of the said Officer or Officers, whether made from

die Weight of the Metal and Materials so mixed and prepared before the same shall be put into the Pot or Pots,

urf.or the Account so taken in the Pots, shall be a Charge upon such Maker or Makers of Glass respectively:

Ar.il Whereas, it has ever liacc the passing of the said Act been the invariable Practice of the Officers of Excise The* Quantity of

to take Leli Account of the Quantity of such Metal and Materials after the fame has been put into such Pot Glass Materials

or Pots according to the following Nitthod, that is to say, to gauge and ascertain the Dimensions of every »n the Pots in

' in ii Pot, before the fame has been let in the Furnace, and therefrom to calculate the Quantity of Metal or i^erta^ned

Mkterrib which every such Pot is capable of containing, at every Inch, Half Inch, Quarter of an Inch, aind by the dry Inch ctr-'Fractions of an Inch, and to ascertain the Weight or Quantity of the Metal and Materials at any Time as has been

1 c'jhied in such Pot, for the making of Crown or any other Species of Glass, by gauging or measuring the uCual.

1 dr. Inches, or unfilled and unoccupied Space or Diftauce between the Top, Rim, Edge, or Lip of such Pot 1 i.i ti lrirnacc, and the Surface of the Fluid, Metal, or Materials in such Pot, and deducting tire Quantity'of Meta! or Materials which this Space denoted by such dry Inches, or the unfilled and unoccupied Part of

rich Pot appears, by Inch original Gauging or Calculation capable of containing, from tiic Quantity of Metnl 1 nr Miiterhih, which, according to inch original Gauge and Calculation, the who'e Pot is denoted to be capable

of contniring: And Whereas Doubts have arisen whether the said Method is warranted by Law; Now, to Lilt? and remove all such Doubts, be it enacted, That from and after the Tenth Day of October One tLufand eight hundred and seven, the Quantity of the Metal and Materials mixed and prepared for the making of Chri, after the Line shall have been put into any such Pot or Pots, shall be deemed and taken to be, such a: the same shall by the said Method be denoted to be, and the Officer and Officers of Excise shall make a R turn or Report thereof in Writing, to the respective Commissioners of Excise in Great Britain, or such Person or Person s as they shall respectively appoint to receive the same; and such Return or Report of the said Officer or Oriccn of Excise shall be a Charge upon inch Maker or Makers of Glass, any Thing in this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XVII. 4 And Whereas by an Act passed in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, 4/, c. 3

4 Jr/, till'd, An Act for repealing the Duties of ExriJ'c on Stills ujnI for distilling or reftfyirg Low Wines or Spirits c. tez;

f.r iufumpti n in Scotland, on 1 Ports or IPaJb made for ext rafting Spirits and on Spirits made for Cnfumpiy. n in

Jcodaid, and for granting and fee uricg other Duties in lieu thereof; and for better securing the Duties on Ft reign

B b Z 4 Spir.ts

j8S C. 30 — 32. 470 GEORGII III. Sess. 2.

A.D. 1807.

1, 'rrnc?* for Ssc.

S^iiits in Scotland for Horn? C >n-fumption shall commence Nov. 10. yearly.

In ofher relpc<£U as under reciitd Art.

Commissioners of E<ci(c empowered t# restore Seizures upon such Terms and r.onditiun# at they may deem proper*

Owners of rtftjred Goods shall not claim Damages, Ice.

Penalties under this Act recoverable as former Eactfc Penalties,

it Car. a. c. 14. and other Escifc Laws extended '-» this A 3,

S*4o6i*

Spin!? , vidon Malt 5 It i? amongst other Things provided and enacted; that all Licences to make, distil,

rectify, or compound Spirits in the Lowlands of Scotland, and alfu all Licences to make or dillil Spirits in the Highlands of Scotland, shall commence and take effect from the First Day of October in each Year: And Whereas it is expedient to alter the Time at which such Licences Hull hereafter commence and take effect; be it further enacted, That all and every Licence or Licences which shall be granted from and after the passing of this Act, to make, diltil, rectify, or compound Spirits in the Lowlands of Scotland for the Consumption of Scotland, or to make or distil Spirits in the Highlands of Scotland fur the Consumption of the said Highlands, shall commence and take effect from the Tenth Day of November in each Year; and that each and every such Licence shall be and remain in force and effect for One Year, from such Tenth Day of November and no longer; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That each and every fucti Licence shall in all other Respects he granted in the Manner and Form directed by the said recited Act-

XIX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, in case any Goods or Commodities whatsoever, or any Ships, Vessels, Boats, Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, shall be seized as forfeited, by virtue or in pursuance of any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Revenue of Excise, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland respectively, or the major Part of them respectively, on Evidence given to their Satisfaction that the Forfeiture arose without any Design or Intention of Fraud in the Proprietor or Proprietors, Claimant or Claimants, and Person or Persons having the Custody, Care, or Management, for the Time being, of such Goods, Commodities, Ships, Vessels, Boats, Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, to order the same to be restored to such Proprietor or Proprietors, or Claimant or Claimants, in such Manner and on such Terms and Conditions as, under the Circumstances of the Case, shall appear to the said Commissioners respectively to be reasonable, and as they shall think fit to direct 5 and if such Proprietor or Proprietors, or Claimant or Claimants, shall comply with the Terms and Conditions prescribed by such Commissioners respectively, it shall not be lawful for such Goods, Commodities, Ships, VefTtls, Boats, Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, to be proceeded againflin any Manner for the Condemnation thereof; but if such Proprietor or Proprietors, or Claimant or Claimants, shall not comply with the Terms and Conditions prescribed by the said Commissioners respectively, such Goods, Commodities, Ships, Vessels, Boats, Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, may and shall be proceeded against for the Condemnation thereof as if this Law had not been made: Provided always, that if such Proprietor or Proprietors, or Claimant or Claimants, shall accept the Terms and Conditions prescribed by the said Commissioners, such Proprietor or Proprietors, or Claimant or Claimants, respectively, shall not, nor shall any of them have or be entitled to any Recompence or Damage on Account of the Seizure or Detention of such Goods, Commodities, Ships, Vessels, Boats, Horses, CatUe, or Carriages.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, hereby imposed and notothenvife directed by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by such Ways, Means, or Methods, as any Pine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively } and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Directions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which, in and by an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty ]£ing Charles the Second, intituled, /n A3 for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenuret in Capita and by Knights Service, and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon His Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other iJaw now in force, relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise, are provided and established for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining the Duties thereby granted, or any of them, other than in such Cases for which other Penalties or Provisions are made and prescribed py this Act, shall be practised, used, and put in Execution, in and for the Purposes of this Act, as fully and effect ual I y to all Intents and Purposes, as if all. and every the said Powers, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeit lures, Clauses, Matters and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act to revive and continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, and amend so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of His pTefent Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of England^ disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament. [ill August 1807.]

41 G. 3. c. 64. to which this Act is similar % mutatis mutandis.}

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain, while disembodied. Juguft 1807.]

[7n all RtfptSjibt /amt at46 Q.3. ax. mutaiis mvtandfe.]

IS A tg

A.D. 1807.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2

C-33 — 37

189

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act to continue until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, an Act of the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for appointing Commissioners to empiirc into the 4S 3* €-47* Public Expenditure, and the Conduct of the Public Bufuiefs in the Military Departments tli^/n mentioned. [id Attgujl 1807.]

C A I\ XXXIV.

An Act to make the Port of Amsterdam, in the Island of Curagoa % a free Port. [id August 1807.*]

4 IX7HEREA5 an Act was passed in the Forty-fifth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to 45G- 3- 57*

4 v f consolidate and extend the fevered Law now in force for ('[lowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goode and Merchandize into and from certain Ports in the West Indies: And Whereas it is expedient to permit the like Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities into and from the Port of Amsterdam in the Island of Curagoa in the Wes} Indies be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, say and wish the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present tike Oosd tr*Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, such be imponedTus Goods and Commodities as by the said Act may be imported into, and exported hum the Port of San Jofefxxi and caponed the Island of Trinidad, may be imported into and exported from the Port of Amsterdam in the Island of Ciragoa from Amfter-b the West Luba* in the like Ships and Vessels, under such Rules, Regulations, Reitridions, and Conditions, d , m" "

*tid subject to such Penaltiet-and Forfeitures for Breach thereof, as are continued, described, and provided in ^Trinidad.*the (ud Ad.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as hare omitted ta qualify themselves^for Offices and Employments; and for extending the Times limited for those Purposesrespectively, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight; and to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the fame on or before the First Day of HUarj Term One thousand eight hundred and eight.

[1st August 1807.]

[&e 44 G. 3. c. 7. and References there

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act. to enable the Trustfces of the British Museum to exchange, fell; or dispose of such Parts of the Collections, and under such Restrictions as are therein specified.

[8th August 1807.]

WHEREAS amongst the several Collections and Additions thereto, which from Time to Time have

4 W been and may be placed in the British Museum, there now are and hereafter may happen to be some '

9 Articles which are unfit to be preferred therein; and it would be beneficial for the said Iiiftitution that the Trtfftees thereof should have Power to feled and dispose of such Articles either by way of Exchange or Sale, so

that such Articles or the Produce thereof be applied in obtaining other Things which may be wanting in or

proper for the said Mufeunt : 9 May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted j and be it enacted > far the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prelenc Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fiune, That it Trustets, atft ftiali and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees and their Successors, or any Seven or more>of them (the facial Meeting, Archbishop of Caateriury, the Lord Chancellor of Great Britain, or Lord Keeper, and the Speaker of the*

House of Commons for the Time being respectively, or any Two of them, being of the Number), present at BriclfliMufeuni any Meeting spedally assembled for that Purpose, to order that any Articles in the said Museum which they 10 be exchanged, then adjudge to be unfit to be preserved therein, shall be exchanged for Manuscripts, Books, Medals, Coins, of fold for the Statues, or other Things more suited to the existing Collections, and the Nature of the Institution, or to direct Parchaft ©i the same to be sold or disposed of, and the Money to arise by such Sale to be laid out in the Purchase of °^cr, # Manuscripts, Books, Medals, Coins, Statues, or other Things which may be wanting in or proper for the said

Museum j any former Act of Parliament, or any other Matter to the contrary thereof in anywifo notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXVII.

Alt AQl to revive and continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, an Act of the Forty-sixth Y'ear of His present Majesty, for altering and amending 4*0.3. t39»*ftmal Laws relating to the Duties of Excise upon Malt, [8th jlugujl 1807.]

f!AP,

C*3*b 39.

A 0, 1807.

CerMin Article* heirin mention cd mty be imported from America in British or Amc-licanVcfTdj into such Poi Is as shall be appointed by llis Majesty, within Nova Scotia or New Brunswirk.; and certain Articles herein mentioned may be so exported to America from such Ports.

No importing Vessel shall be admitted to Entry nil Bond given to prevent nduc Export*

His Majesty may matte Regulations , <sto <uch Importation and Exportation.

39 fc 40 G. 3. 34-

Whenever Balances have impropeily remaitied in Hands of any Public Accountant, Commis-{\ oners of At count may charge him with Interest.

47" GEORGII III. Sess. 4.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for permitting, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousami eight hundred and nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Importation of certain enumerated Articles into the British Colonies on the Continent of North America, from the United States of America, and the Exportation of other enumerated Articles from the same Colonies, to the said States.'[8th August 1807.]

WHEREAS ky the Laws now in force, no Goods or Commodities may be imported into or exported

from any of the Territories of His Majesty in North America, but in British-built ships or Vessels

owned and navigated according to Law, nor any Goods or Commodities be imported from any of the Territories

belonging to the United Slates of America into the Provinces of Nova Scotia or New Brunswick: And 1 Wheieas the Exportation of certain Articles, the Produce of those Two Provinces might be greatly increased,

if the Importation of certain Articles herein after mentioned, from the United States were permitted in

American and British Ships, at a Port to be appointed for that Purpose, and under certain Limitations and Restrictions p be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this A<Sl, it shall and may be lawful in any British-built Ship or Vessel owned and navigated according to Law, or any Ship or Vessel belonging to any of the Subjects of the United States of America, to import from the said United States of America, into such Ports, as shall be specially appointed for that Purpose by His Majesty, within the Province of Nova Scotia or New Brunswieh, the following Articles, videlicet, Scantling Planks, Stores, Heading Boards, Shingles, Hoops, or fqmired Timber of any Sort, Horses, Neat Cattle, Sheep, Hogs, Poultry, or Live Stock of any Sort, Bread, Biscuit, Flour, Peas, Beans, Potatoes, Wheat, Rice, Oats, Barley, or Grain of any Sort; also Pitch, Tar, and Turpentine, being the Produce or Manufacture of the said United States, and no other Articles whatever; and it shall and may be lawful in any such Ship or Vessel to export from the said Port, so to be appointed for that Purpose, to the said United States, any Gypsum, Grind Stones, or other Produce (except Ship Timber, ) or Manufacture of the said Provinces, and also any Produce or Manufacture of the United Kingdom, or of His Majestys Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies, any Thing in the said Acts, or in any other Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no such Ship or Vessel shall be admitted to an Entry, nor shall any such Scantling Planks, Staves, Heading Boards, Shingle#, Hoops, or fqn are Timber of any Sort, Horses, Neat Cattle, Sheep, Hogs, Poultry, or Live Stock of any Sort, Bread, Biscuit, Flour, Peas, Beans, Potatoes, Wheat, Rice, Oats, Barley, or Grain of any Sort, Pitch, Tar, or Turpentine, be permitted to be unladen, until Bond shall be given to the Satisfaction of the Officers of the Customs at the said Port, that there shall not be exported in such Ship or Vessel any other Articles than Gypsum or Grind Stones, or other Produce (except Ship Timber) or Manufacture of the said Provinces, or any Produce or Manufacture of the United Kingdom, or of His Majestys Colonies or Plantations in the V/cyl Indies.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, to make such Rules and Regulations for the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities as aforesaid at the said Port, with such Penalties and Forfeitures for the Broach thereof, as shall seem fit and necessary to His Majesty, by and with the Advice aforesaid.

Continuance of A<fl (as in Title, ) §

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for more effectually charging Publick Accountants with Interest: upon Balances 5 and for other Purposes relating to the passing of Publick Accounts.

[8th Attgujl \ 807.]

WHEREAS ait Act was made and passed in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of the Reign of His prefer.t

Majesty, intituled, An Act for more effectually charging Puhii k Accountants with the Payment of niierejl,

and for allowing Interest to them in certain Cases, and for compelling the Payment of Balances due from them; by which Act certain Provisions were made for charging Publick Accountants, who have been concerned in the Receipt of the Revenue, with Interest upon Balances appearing to have remained in their Hands at the

Determinatios of their Service, and also for charging other Publick Accountants with Interest upon Balances

remaining ia their Hands at the Time of the auditing of their Accounts: And Whereas it is just and reasonable that Persons who have improperly and unncceflarily retained in their Hands large Balances of Publick Money

should in certain Cases be charged with Interest upon such Balances; but no Power is given by the said Act to charge such Persons with Interest, except in the Cases which are particularly specified in the said Act : f Be it therfore enabled by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in all Cases in which it shall appear, upon the Examination or Audit of Publick Account, that Balances of Publick Money have impropei ly and unncceflarily remained in the Hands of the Accountant, it flia^ be lawful for the Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts, and all other Officers who shall be charged with the Duty of examining and finally passing such Accounts, and they are hereby authorized, in all Cases in which it shall appear t*> them to be just and reasonable, to charge such Accountant with Interest upon the Whole or any Part of the said Balances, for such Period of Time past, and at such Rate, not exceeding Five Pounds per Centum par Annum, as they shall deem reasonable, although it shall appear that such Accountants were not indebted at the Time or in the Manner mentioned and speciiiedin the said Act of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty j any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary notwith/laudip".

a II. Aii

a.d.i8c>7*

47° GEORGII III. SeiT. 2.

C. 39.

X9T

k (or

II. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases in which it shall appear to the Commissioners for auditing Commit oner* the Pullick Accounts, upon the Audit o( any Account which shall take place after the passing of this Add. that may nuke the Accountant has improperly and uiincccfTarily retained in his Hands during a Course of Years, Balances of Annin) Rest* m Publick Jv.oney, and made Interest or Advantage thereof, it strall hv lawful for the said Commissioners, at their fuc Account*. DiU rction, upon due Coniidevr.tien of the Circumstances of the Case, to make annual Reds in the Account of such Accountant, in like Manner as is practised in funiliar Cases by Courts of Equity, and to charge the Accountant with Interest upon the Balances appearing upon such Retts, for such Periods, and at such Rate of Interest, not exceeding Five Pourds/>fr Centum per Annum, as they shall deem just and reasonable.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners and all other publick Officers, who are or piay Notice shall bt be charged with the Duty of examining and finally pnfiing any Publick Accounts, shall and they are hereby given ro the

r' j.iired, in all Cases in which they shall charge Publick Accountants with Interest, to cause a Notice in V, riting to be delivered forthwith to the accounting Party or his lawful Representative, or to the Agent of such chn»'»e 1 Party or Keprefcntative, specifying the Amount and Particulars of the Charge for Interest, and the Mode of lmeicft. computing the fame, together with the Grounds upon which such Charge of Interest shall have been made; and the said Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts are also hereby required in all such Cases, to set forth

the Amount and Particulars of the said Charge for Interest, together with the Mode of computing the fame, and the Grounds of such Charge, upon the Face of the Account, when the said Commissioners shall cause the said Account according to the Nature thereof, either to be prepared for Declaration, or stated to the Lords Cwjnrnifloners of His Majesty's Treasury for their Consideration.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases in which the accounting Pa*-ty or his Representative or Appeal allowed

Representatives, shall be dissatisfied with any Charge for Interest made by the said Commissioners or Cither Public ^u°cr'*

Oncers having the Examination of his Account, it shall be lawful for him or them within Six Months from the w^hin Sir

Time of receiving the Notice herein-before directed to he given, to apply for Relief against the Whole or any Months after Part of such Charge for Interest, by Motion in a summary way to the Barons of His Majesty's Court of such Nonce. Exchequer at WestnitnJler \ who shall upon such Application call before them as well the said Commissioners or

other Public Officers, or some Person on their Behalf, as the accounting Party, and shall cause Notice thereof to be lent to His Majesty's Attorney General; and after hearing what shall be alledged by the different Parties, shall make such Order thereupon as the Justice of tho Case shall require; and the several Officers and Persons viiofe Duty it shall be to make up the said Accounts, shall govern themselves accordingly.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Charges of Interest, which shall be made by virtue of the present Act, Charge of shall have the fame force and cfTeft as if the fame had been made under the Authority of the aforesaid Act of the lntcrcft A*! Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and shall be subject to the fame Approbation

a id Controul of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury; and the Commissioners for auditing the rccjtc(j

Public Accounts, and all other proper Officers, shall observe the fameCourse of Proceeding, with respect to all

Charges of Interest to be made under the Authority of the present Act, as if such Charges had been made

m.derthe Authority of the said Act of the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, except so

far as such Course of Proceeding is in any Manner assessed or varied by the present Act. Accounts mar

VI. And be it further enacted, That any Account which flufll hereafter be delivered into the Office bcaitcftedbeior#

for auditing the Publick Accounts, may be attested before any One of the Commissioners for auditing the said One Commis-Accounts.*fioner.

VII.*And Whereas Doubts have arisen whether Peers of the Realm, having been entrusted with the Peers being 1 Expenditure of Publick Money, are bound to attest their Accounts upon Oath before they deliver the fame Publick Ac-

into the Office of the Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts be it therefore enacted, That it shall counr.im* ftull and may be lawful for all Peers, being Publick Accountants, to attest their Accounts upon Honour, and that ^cciunrTupog they shall hot be required to verify such Accounts upon Oath, prior to or upon the Delivery of their Accounts nonoul. V ' into the Office of the said Commissioners.

VIII. And be it further er.acted, That in all Cases in which any Office of Public Expenditure may be Deputies may lav. fully executed by Deputy, it shall be competent for the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts to aUcA Accounts, receive the Accounts of such Officer under the Attestation of his Deputy lawfully appointed, provided such

Deputy ilutll have executed the said Office during the Period of the Account.

IX. ' And Whereas great Delay and Inconvenience have arisen and may arise, from requiring Public Account* Accounts m.->y

1 in all Cases to be duly attested prior to or upon the Delivery' thereof into the Office for auditing the Public l, c p"->rfrr!c<l in 1 Accounts \ be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, in all Cases in wh: ch it Audi appear to them to be expedient and for the Benefit of the Public Service, ^t > receive Accounts into their Office, and proceed to the Examination and Audit thereof, notwithstanding any orou AuriU'.ioa Ik'sect cf Form in the Attestation of the Account; and also to accept the Attestation of an Agent or other of A&'tnt.

P non, who may have been employed to carry on the Service or make up the Account, in Cases where the /.'ttiklic.i of the Accountant either by reason of Absence from the Kingdom or other sufficient Cause, cannot w.'lh Convenience be obtained.

X. 1 A'; d hereas, by an Act made in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, 46 G. 3. c. 14*.

1 An si3 for mtiling more ejjtHval Provision for tie more fptedy and regular Examination and Audit of the Public

1 duQunls of this Zu/ndom, it is emfteJ, that all Persons liable to account before the Commissioners for auditing

the Public Accounts shall, within Three Calendar Monthsafter the Thirty-fir/t Day of December One thousand eight hundred and !i: , and within Three Calendar Months after the same Day in every future Year, deliver into the OT; ce of the said Commissioners an Account Current of all Sums received and paid by them for the Public

Service within the preceding Year, together with Vouchers for such Receipts and Payments, unless it has been usual for any Account to be made up to any difftfent Period in the Year, in which Call* such Account, together

' with

jq3 C. 39'-4i* 47# GEORGII III.SefT, 2. A.D. 1807.

[Adivtxd] < wItR the Voucher!, it directed to he [laid*] within Three Calendar Months after such Period; but it is expressly

provided by the said Act, that the Delivery of such Account and Vouchers is not to exonerate the Accountant

from delivering such other Accounts applicable to the Service of each Year as may be required by the Course and Usage of Office, which lad mentioned Account is directed by the said Act to be delivered within Three

Calendar Months after the Date of the lad Receipt or Payment to be included therein 1 And Whereas it may be convenient and useful in certain Cafei that the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts should be enabled to extend the Period fixed for the Delivery of the aforesaid Accounts of Receipts and Disbursementi ' or Cash Accounts, or to dispense altogether with those Accounts in Cases where the complete Service Account can be rendered within a reasonable Time; be it therefore enacted, That whenever it shall appear to the commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, that any Accountant shall be unable, from the Nature of the Service, or from Circumstances, not within his Controuf, and not in consequence of any Neglect on his Part,

Sommiffiuner*Oliver his Account of Receipts and Disbursements, together with the Vouchers for such Receipt: , or Pay* enlSugTthe Thnc ments, within Three Calendar Month* after the Thirty-first Day of December in any Year, pr within Three for delivering Calendar Months after any other Period of the Year to which such Account has been usually made up, it shall

ia Account*. and may be lawful for the said Commissionew, upon due Consideration of the Case, to grant the Accountant

such further Time as they may deem reasonable far the Delivery or Transmission of the said Account of Receipts and Disbursements.

Commissionert

XI. And be it also enacted, That In all Cases in which it shall appear to the said CommifTtoneri that the in certain Case* Cash Accounts above described cannot be delivered into or transmitted to their Office within the Time prescribed d^, pCprc by the kid Act, together with such Vouchers and Authorities in support thereof as will enable them to proceed

du&lL^of cJih to the Examination and Audit of the said Account, and that the Service Account will be read) for Delivery or

Account. Transmission within a reasonable Time to be by them fixed, it shall and may be lawful for the said CommiiSonen

46 G 3. > in every such Case, to difpcnfe with the Delivery or Transmission of the Cash Account required by the before*

1.141. j 8.) L mentioned Act.

When say Bill f Ih all exhibited in a Court of 1 Equity again! a Member of the House of Commons, it shall not be nec llUry to le*vc

thereof with the Defendant before inn (h'iop far. r JNotvappearaiice.

CAP. XL.

An Act to alter the Pra€Uce of Courts of Equity, in Suits in which Members of Parliament are Defendants.

[8th August 1807.]

THAT Justice may be administered more equally in point of Expence, among/l His Majesty's Subjecti;

be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, when any Bill of Complaint or Information shall be exhibited in any Court of Equity, against any* Knight, Citizen, or Burgofs, of the House of Commons, it shall not be necessary to leave a Copy of the Bill or Information with the Defendant, or at his House or Lodging, or hit Place of Abode, as is now' used and practised; but it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons exnibit iy such Bill or Information to proceed, for want of Appearance or Answer, to femiestrate the Ren) and Personal Elhte of such Knight, - Citizen, or Burgess of the House of Commons, although no Copy of the Bill or lufemtioa shall have been left with him, or at his House or Lodging, or la(l Place of Abode, in the same Manner s* he might before the passing of this Act have proceeded, after such Defendant had lmd a Copy of the Bill W Information delivered to him, or left at his House or Lodging, or last Place of Abode,

CAP. XU*

3* c. 47.

34«.*

J7O.3. c. 31.

An Act to enable the East India Company to raise Money upon Bond instead of increasing their Capital Stock* [8th August 1807.]

WHEREAS by virtue of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign,4 intituled, An Act for placing the Stock, called East India Annuities, under the Management of the Goi'emer and Company of the Bank of England, and ingrafting the fame on tit Three Few ids per Centum 4 F educed Annuities, in Hcacmption of a Debt of Four Millions Two hundred thousand Foundt, owing by the Fullk to the East India Company; and for enabling the said Company to raise a Sum of Money by a further Inc reefs ef

their Capital Stock, to be applied in Difcborge of certain Debts of the said Company and by virtue of another

# Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to empower the East India Company to continue a Bond Debt of Two Millions, and to increase the fame by a further Sum as Cmumflmes m*y4 require, the said Company are authorized and empowered to raise Money upon Bonds under their Cocnmem4 Seal, and to continue a Bond Debt to the Amount of Three Millions of Pounds Sterling, and no more* And

Whereas by an Act, made in the Thirty-seventh Year of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act h aMt 4 the East India Company to raise Monci by further increasing their Capital block / and to extend the Frov'Jknt iww

eseifling resetting the present Stock of the Company to the said increased Stock j the said United Company were authorized and empowered to raise Money by enlarging their then present Capital Stock or Fund of Six Millions of Pounds, to any Sumar Sums not exceeding the further Sum of Two Millions Capital Stock, so that their whole Capital Stock should not exceed the Capital Sum of Eight Millions 5 but the said United Company have not yet enlarged their Capital Stock under ami by virtue of the Powers contained in the said last mentioned Act t And Whereas it is expedient that the said Company should be permitted to increase their Bond Debt by a further Sum, not exceeding Two Millions Sterling, aa Circumstancea may require* instead of increasing their Capital Stock i* May it therefore plcnfe Your Majesty that it may he enacted j and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by anq with the Advice and Consent of tho Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it

shall

A.D. 1807. 470 GEORGII III. Self. 2. C. 41 — 44.

Mand may be lawful to and for the said Company, by and with the Approbation* and Consent of the Board

of Commissioners for the Affairs of India for the Time being, at any Time or Times hereafter, to borrow, upon Bonds to be issued under their Common Seal, any further Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Two Millions Sterling, over and above such Sum and Sums as the said Company can now lawfully raise on their Bonds, and to apply the Money so to be borrowed and raised for such Purposes as, under and by virtue of the said Act of the Thirty-seventh Year of His said Majesty's Reign, the Money to oe raised by enlarging the Capital Stock of the said Company is applicable 5 any Thing contained in the said rerited Act, or in any other Act, notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That when the said Company shall have raised any Part of the Money which they are hereby authorized to r&ife by Bond, then so long as such further Bond Debt, or any Pait thereof, shall continue, all the Money thereafter to be raised by enlarging the Capital Stock of the said United Company, under and by virtue of the said Act passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, shall be applied towards the Reduction of the Bond Debt of the said United Company, until it shall be reduced to the Sum which the said Company may now lawfully raise by Bond; and in case the said Company shall enlarge their Capital Stock, under and by virtue of the said Act passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, before they shall have increased their Bond Debt under the Authority of this Act, that then the Sum which they are hereby empowered to raise on Bund shall be reduced by the Sum of Two hundred Pounds Sterling, in respect of every One hundred Pounds Capital Stock so enlarged, and so in Proportion for a greater or lc.fs Amount of the Capital Stock which shall have been created.

[Public Act.]

" §3.

*93

Company nn^v

borrow n B md any further i>uin not exceeding 2-, O30, OOJ.

Money rrufed by IncitMfc f Capita! shall be up; lied in Dikbarge of Bund

CAP. XLII.

An Act to continue, until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and ten, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and amend an Act: of the Forty-second Year of His present Majesty, for more cflfeftual Administration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace in such Parts of the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey as lie in and near the Metropolis; and for the more effectual Prevention of Felonies.

[8th August 1807.]

4t 42 G. 3. c. 76. recited; and further continued till June 1, 1810, &c. §1.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, in lieu and Eighteen shiU instead of the Sum of Sixteen Shillings per Week, by the said recited Act specified as the full Sum to be paid lin*» p<r Week for the Trouble and Attendance of the Constables, it shall be lawful to pay to such Constables, for such Trouble

and Attendance, any Sum not exceeding Eighteen Shillings; any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary th°"r jr notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in the said recited Acts or this Act contained'Not to affect the shall extend to alter or vary the Application of any Penalty or Forfeiture to be incurred, inflicted, paid, or Application of levied, for any Offence or Offences which shall be committed again! an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of P«naitie« >n-

the Rti»n of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for rendering more commodious and for better regulating the undcJxijti,

Port of London, or again! any other Act or Acts made for altering, amending, or enlarging the Powers of 5*°

the said last-mentioned Act; but that the said Penalties and Forfeitures respectively, when received, shall be applied as directed in and by the said Act passed in the Thirty-ninth Year aforesaid, in the same Manner in every respect as if the said recited Acts and this Act had not been made.

CAP. XLIII.

An Act to revive and continue, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, an Act of the Forty* sixth Year of His present Majesty, for suspending Proceedings in Actions and other Proceedings relating t the Woollen Manufacture.

[8th August 1807.]

u 46 G. 3. c. 18. continuing 45 G. 3. r, 83. (which continued 44 G. 3. c. 64, by which 43 G. 3. c. 136. wai 11 continued) revived and continued.

CAP. XLIV.

An Act for transferring to His Majesty, certain Possessions and Rights vested in the Sierre Leone Company, and for shortening the Duration of the said Company; and for preventing any dealing or trafficking in the buying or selling of Slaves within the Colony of Sierre Leone.

[8th August 1807.]

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the Thirty-fir! Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, ?f g t. <5.

1. An Act for tflMiJhing a Company for tarrying on Trade between the Kingdom of Great Britain end the f, r eflaUIifMas

1 Coqflst Harbours, and Countries of Africa, and for enabling the said Company to hold by Grant from His Majesty> the Sierra Lr^e 1 His Heirs and Successors, and from the Native Princes of Africa, a certain District of Tandy commonly called The Company, and Peninftila of Sierra Leone, now vejled in His Majesty or belonging to the said Princesy for the better enabling the said Company to carry on the said Tradcy it was amongst other Things enacted, That the several Persons therein ^certain Pouefnamed and described should be, and they were thereby created one distinct and separate Body Politic and f, , from

Corporate, by the Name or Stile of The Sierra Leone Company; and it was also enacted, That it should be His Majesty.

1 lawful for.His Majesty, His Heir* and Successors, to make unto the said Company a Grant, by Letters Patent \

47 Geo. III. C c 4 under

i9+

C-> 45*

The Letters Parent granting such Pufll-ifioni declared void* and the fame Stall vest in

His M a jetty.

fiierra Leone Company shall determine in Seven Ye-rs. Governor of the Colony shall decide what Buildings are to be surrendered and vetted in liis Majesty.

©ealinp in Slaves in the Colony of Sierra Leone prohibited.

47 GEORGII III. Sess. 2. A.D. 1807.

under the Great Seal of Great Britain of so much and such Part of all that Trabl or Distribl of Lane?, situate and being at Sierra Leone on the Coast of Africa, and commonly called or known by the Name or r Description of The Peninsula of Sierra Leone, as then already might have, or should thereafter, by any Grant,

1 Purchase, or Cefiion from any of the Kings, Princes, or Chiefs, having Right, become vested in His Majesty, f His Heirs or Successors, with Power and Liberty to and for the said Company to purchase of and from all9Kings, Princes, and Chiefs, or other Persons having Right to make Sale thereof, so much Land as should include the whole Trabl or Distribl so commonly called or known by the Name of The Peni' jula of Sierra

Leone as aforesaid, to hold the same to the said Company and their Assigns, upon such Terms, Conditions,

and Reservations, as His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, should judge expedient; and it wa3 thereby r further enabled, That the said Abl should take place and have continuance from the First Day of July One thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, for the Term of Thirty-one Years, and from thence to the Lnd of the next Session of Parliament: And Whereas by Letters Patent, bearing Date the Fifth Day of July in the

Forty-first Year of His Majesty's Reign, His Majesty, by virtue and in pursuance of the said Act, did give

and grant unto the said Company, their Successors and Assigns, the aforesaid Trabl and Distribl of Land- with Liberty and Privilege to purchase Lands in addition thereto as aforesaid, all which Lands His Majesty

by the said Letters Patent did make, erebl, and create one independent and separate Colony, by the Name of ' The Colony of Sierre Leone, and did ordain, will, and establish, that the Court of Directors of the said Company

assembled for that Purpose should and might make, enact, and declare Laws, Statutes, and Ordinances fit and necessary for and concerning the Government of the said Colony, and might appoint a Governor and Council

for the Government of the said Colony; and His Majesty did give and grant that there should be within the Town of Free Town one Body Politic and Corporate, by the Name and Stile of The Mayor and Aldermen of Free Town, with Power to hold a Court of Record, by the Name of The Mayor's Court of Free Town, and divers other Officers to afTift in the Administration of Justice, and in the Government of the said Colony,

under the Superintendance and Controul of the Court of Directors of the said Company: And Whereas the said Company, convinced of the Expediency of relinquishing the Government and Management of the said

Colony, have expressed a Desire to make, and have humbly intreated His Majesty to accept a Surrender to

His Majesty of all the Trabl or Distribl of Land granted to them by the said Letters Patent, or of which the said Company are possessed, or which they do now enjoy by Purchase or otherwise, in Addition to 1 the said Lands so granted to the said Company; and they are further desirous that their Existence as a Body Politick and Corporate should cease and determine within such Period of Time, shorter than that limited and declared in and by the said Statute, as is deemed by the said Company sufficient for them to settle their Affairs;

for con firming and giving Effebl to such intended Surrender, and for limiting the Duration of the said Company: ' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent or the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Letters Patent and Grant, and every Matter, Clause and Thing therein contained, shall, and the same are hereby declared to be henceforth null and void; and the said Company shall be, and they are hereby divested of and from all that Trad or District of Land commonly called and known by the Name or Description of The Peninsula of Sierra Leone, and all Forti, Castles, Buildings, or Estate, which have been since purchased or otherwise acquired by the said Company in addition thereto or which now are possessed or claimed by the said Company in or about the said Peninsula; and the said Trabl or Distribl of Land, and all Forts, Castles, Buildings, or Estate so purchased or otherwise acquired, possessed, enjoyed, or claimed by the said Company, shall henceforth be, and the fame and every of them are and is hereby declared and enabled to be fully and absolutely vested in His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for ever.

II. And be it further enacted, That, at the Expiration of Seven Years from and after the passing of this Act, the said Sierre Leone Company shall cease to be a Body Politick and Corporate, to all Intents, Construblions, and Purposes whatsoever 5 any Thing in the said Abl to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case any Difference shall arise respecting any Building or Buildings as aforesaid, whether the fame is or are such as within the Meaning of this Act are to be furrenuered by the said Company, and vested in His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, it shall and may be lawful for the Governor that shall be appointed by His Majesty for the Government of the said Colony, or in his Absence for the Lieutenant Governor, and he is hereby authorized and required, after due Examination of the Matter, to determine whether any such Building or Buildings is or are to be surrendered and vested in His Majesty, Hil Heirs and Successors, or to remain in the Posseihon of the said Company; and such Determination shall be final.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever, inhabiting, or being, or who shall at any Time hereafter inhabit or be within the said Peninsula or Colony of sierre Leonef either directly or indirectly to deal or traffick in, buy or fell, or to be aiding or assisting in the dealing or trafficking in the buying or selling of Slaves, either within the said Peninsula or else where.

CAP. XLV.

An Act: to enable His Majesty to grant to Her Majesty the Queen a Capital Messuage called Frogmorty and divers Lands and Hereditaments in the Parishes of New Windsor and Old Windsor, in the County of Berks, and a Piece of Land in Wyoihjlury, in {Jhe County of Bucks, for a Term of

4 - Ninety-

A.D. 1807. 47° GEORGII III. SclT.2. C. 45 — 47, i$5

Ninety-nine Years, if Her Majesty and the Princesse?, Her Five younger Daughters, or any of them, shall so long live, for and in lieu of Her Majesty's present Terms and Interest therein; and nlfo to make Exchanges.

[8th Attgujl 1807.]

J< Recital of Letters Patent, dated December 14, j 786, granting Frogmore House to R. Neville Neville Esq. —

" Letters Patent, dated February 5, 17 71, granted to S. IValler Esq. Great Frogmore. — Letters Patent, dated 14 Avguf f4> 1786, granting to s tm Egerton Great Fngmore. — Letters Patent, dated December 14, 1786, granting'M to R. Neville Neville, Esq. Shaw Furm. — The Premif?3 contained in the recited Letters Patent have been 41 assigned in Trust for Her Majesty. — His Majesty empowered, by Letters Patent, to grant in Trust for Her Majesty the Premiseacomprifed in the recited Letters Patent, for 99 Years, &c. at a Rent of s£$i. 15J. fd. a § l. — All Estate and Interest of Her Majesty under the former Letters Patent shall cease, §2. — His Majesty may, by Letters Patent, grant in Trust for Her Majesty, Sec, any Lands belonging to His Majesty in Right of His Crown, convenient to be enjoyed with the Prcinifes above mentioned, m Exchange for any Part of t( Premises, granted under this Act, §3, 4, 5. — Instrument of Exchange shall be enrolled in the Auditor's 44 Office for Berks, §6. — Money ari/ing by such Exchange shall be paid into the Exchequer, and applied as Issues of the Land Revenue of the Crown, §7.

CAP. XLVI.

An Act to repeal certain Provisicms of an Act, passed in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty* for inquiring into the State of Wtndfor ForeJly in the County of Berks, and for ascertaining the Boundaries of the said Forest, and of the Lands of the Crown within the same; and to amend the said Act.

[8th /Utgujl 1807.]

1 1WHEREA8 an Act was passed in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

1. An Act for enquiring into the btate of Windsor Forest, in the County of Berks, and for ascertaining the 1 Boundaries of the said Forest, and of the Lands of the Crown within the same: And Whereas it is by the said Act enacted, That every Person having any Claims, Rights, and Privileges, in, through, or over the said Forest, or any Part thereof, who shall not deliver to the Commissioners under the said Act, within such Period*as shall be prescribed by them, an Account in Writing of all such Claims, Rights, and Privileges, shall be barred and excluded therefrom; and that every Person who shall refuse to appear, or to produce any Records,

Court Rolls, or Documents, called for or required by the Commissioners under the said Act, shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings; and it ia expedient f that the said Provision9 should be repealed May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That* from and after the passing of this Act, the said recited Provisions in the said recited Act of the Forty-sixth Year aforesaid, shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to call before them any Person or Persons to give Evidence, for the Purpose of the Enquiry directed by the said Act 5 and any Person being duly summoned, and refusing to appear or to be examined, without reasonable Excuse for such Refusal, shall forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings, to be recovered and applied is is in the said Act directed: Provided always, that no Person so to be examined shall be compelled or compellable t6 answer to any Matter ot Thing by which any Interest, Right, or Privilege, claimed by such Person so to be examined may be liable to be impeached 1 Provided also, that all Persons so summoned as Witnesses as aforesaid, shall have such reasonable Allowance for their Expences and Lofa of Time (if the Situation and Circumstances of the Persons make such Allowance proper) as the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, shall in their Discretion think fit.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any One Or moi'e of the Commissioners appointed ift pursuance of the said Act shall depart this Life, or shall decline to act as a Commissioner, it shall be lawful for His Majesty from Time to Time to supply the Place of any Commissioner so dying or declining to act, and for that Purpose to issue or cause to be issued, One or mere new Commission or Commissions under the Great Seal of the said iJnited Kingdom, and thereby to appoint some other Person or Persons to be a Commissioner or Commissioners for putting the said Act into Execution, in the Place of the Commissioner or Commissioners so dying or declining to act as aforesaid, and the Person named in such new Commission or Commissions shall from thenceforth be Commissioner or Commissioners for that Purpose, and have the fame Powers and Authorities as if he had beea named as a Commissioner in the said Act.

Y> G. 3. c. f-n. V 2, 3. repealed 2s to Time or malting Claims, and Penalty on not producing Documents.

Commissioner# may call before them Persons te give Evidence. Penalty on refusing to be examined, 3c o. 5l. to xos«

His Majesty may

appoint new Commissioners on Vacancies

CAP. XL VII.

An Act to grant certain Duties on Callicoes, Muslins, Cotton Yarn, and Cotton Twist, of the Manufacture of Great Britain or Ireland respectively, on their Importation into either Country from the other, according to the Regulations contained in the Acts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland.

[8th August 1807.]

WHEREAS by the Acts made in the Parliaments of Great Britain and Ireland respectively, for the 1 Union of Great Britain and Ireland, it is amongst other Things enacted, that Callicoes and Muslins the Manufacture of either Country, shall on their Importation into either Country from the other, be subject and table to the Duties payable 04 the fame at the Time of the passing of the said Acts, on the importation thereof

Cc2 4 ffuur

i<)5 C. 4.

47° GEORGII III. Sell*.

A.D. 1°07.

ld»C*

After Jin.

i^, tn. D f|>-a fv d in the Scl: . d.uc shall 1".*.d u" i he Ii'lU'H J.uiun of British and i ilh Caiitcoc* into eitlur Counuy from the other.

How Dutiei

fh ill be lliOlated.

; from Great Britain into Ireland, until the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eight, and that from and after the said Day, the said Duties fh iU be annually reduced by equal Portions as near as may

be in each Year, so as that the said Duties Anil Hand at Ten Pounds per Centum from and after the Fifth Day of ' January Onethoulaud eight hundred and ixteen, until the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty-one; and that Cotton Yarn and Cotton Twill shall on their Importation into .either Country from the other, he subject and liable to the Duties payable upon the fam: at the Time of the passing of the said

A^s, on the Importation thereof from Great Britain into Ireland, until th* Filth Day of January One g thousand eight hundred and eight; and from and after the said Day, the said Duties shall be annually reduced 1 by equal Proportions, as near as may be in each Year, so a> that all Duties shall cease on the said Articles from and after the Fifth Day of January One th oufand eight hundred and sixteen be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, arid Commons, in thi^present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Fit. h Day of January One thousand eight hundred and c; ght, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, lin o and for the TJfe of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in ready Money without any Discount whateve; , upon and in respect of Callicoes, Mullins, Cotton Yarn, and Cotton Twill, the Manufacture of Great Britain and Ireland respectively, on their Importation into cither Country from the other respectively. the several and M'pective Duties inserted, deferihed, and set forth, in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and that the said Duties on Callicoes and Mullins shall remain in force, and be payable until and upon the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty-one; and that the said Duties on Cotton Yarn and Cotton Twill shall remain in force, and be payable until and upon the Fifih Day of Janua y One thousand eight hundred and sixteen and no longer, according to the respective Amounts of the said Duties in the said Schedule mentioned and set forth, and that all the said Duties shall be in lieu and full Satisfaction of all Duties due and payable upon the Importation of the said Articles, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force at the Time of the passing of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Duties in the said Schedule mentioned, specified, and set forth on Callicoes, in respect of each Yard thereof, and on Mullins in respect of each Square Yard thereof, and on Cotton in respect of each Hundred Weight thereof, shall be estimated and calculated, and shall be paid according to the Amount thereof in Irish Currency; and that the Duties in the said Schedule mentioned, on Callicoes, Muslins, and Cotton Twist, in respect of every One hundred Pounds of the Value thereof, shall be estimated and calculated, and shall be paid according to the Amount thereof in Irish Currency, in all Cases where such Value shall be estimated in Irish Currency; and where such Value shall be estimated iu British Currency, the said Duties shall be estimated, calculated, and paid, according to the Amount thereof in British Currency; and that such of the said Duties as shall be levied, collected, and paid in Ireland, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland; and that such of the said Duties as shall be levied, collected, and paid in Great Britain, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain.

Duties shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs in Ireland\ England, and Scotlandr respectively. 3.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE of Duties payable on Calicoes and Muslins, and on Cotton Yarn and Cotton Twist, the Manufactore of Great Britain and Ireland respectively, on their Importation into either Country from the other.

I 1 1 From and

F >r the Yeai For the Yeru F>r the Ycai r For the Yea t For the Yea 1 For the Year For the Y* a t Fov !he Yea r after the

ending emiing 5th 1 ending eth ending; th ending 5U1 ending 51 ending 5th ending Jan. 1816,

J an. 1809. J m. 1810. Jan. 18ij. Jan. \6iz. Jan. 1813. Jail. 18/4 Jan, 1815 Jan. 1816 until 5m (in. i8tr.

CALICOES. £ s. d. £ t. d.

Plain Whre, for every «£*ioo of £ j. £ u d. £ s. d. £ s. d. £ s. d. £ J. d. £ /. d.

the Value - - 12 8 o- a 2 0^ 11 16 0$ it 10 0$ It 40} to 18 10 12 oi 10 6 0* ^1000

And further, the Yard - - 0 0 0 0 6£ 0 0 Si 0 0 4^ 0 0 3$ 0 0 2$ 0 0 I, 7 0 0 cj

Printed, painted, or flairu d, rr.c

Yard 0 t 2I 0 1 lj 01 cf 0 0 11 O O 94 OOS 0 0 64 005 000

For every £ too of the Value 000 0 a 0 000 000 O O. 0 0 0 0 000 000 10 0 Q

MUSLINS.

Worked or figured, hut not)12 8

printed or (tamed, for every f it 1 oj M of it 10 0$ £1 4 0| to 18 10 it o\: 0 6 C. 7

£ 100 of the Value - - / >10 0 0

And further, the squareYaid 0 O 7$ 0 0 0 0 sl 004^ 0 0 3s' 0 0 0 0 i| 0 0 oH i

Plain Wmre, tnc (quart Yard 0 0 ji 0 0 10 0 09008 007 006 005 004 00 0

For every «£ioooof the Value 00 0 000 0 0 0 000 000 000 000 0 0 0 20 0

COTTON YARN, rheCwr. - - All Spun Cotron, O l8 0 JJ 0 13 0 11 4-? <59»-]* 0 6 10 £ 0 4 «ji'0 1 31: of.ee.

hrejd, t, r Cotton j F >r ertry ") Twist, in Skeam or \ roo of > Hanks, and not in f the VaiueJ 11 5 is?9'7 ? 4o 7 1 if 5» nj 4 4 2 16 jt I S l\ J

I -

A.D. 1807.

47 GEORGII III. SeiT.2. C. 4S — 50. 197

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act ro continue until the Twenty.?vn: h D.iv of September One thousand eight hundred and eight,

l.v'.irol Acts f/ir flip hf't'frT Gn I!.'«A ion mill 5>r CllVlfV nf flip Ilpfpnnpc t\r I 'n'iAmc 'iml E\CIlc! Ill

[8 th August 18 -> 7 j

le-ernl Acts for the better Co Heed ion and Security of the Revenues of Customs and Inland, and for preventing Frauds therein.

«'Irljb Act?, $7 G. 3. c. 43. for regulating the Tobacco Trade — 37 G* 3. r. 52 for regulating the Import,

5cc. of Coffee — 38 G\ 3. r. 74. so far an relates to the Duties on Glass Pottles — o G. 3 c o. lor the <* CuUcfiijn of the Duties on Hides and Skins, See. -40 (V. 3 c. 20. for ivgwJating the P ayment of Bounties —

«# 40 G. \ e. fit. so f.tr as relates to the Unties on Playing Cards, <cc. — and Jio 40 G 3. r. so. for granting u Permits — and Acts of United Parliament, 43 G. 3. e.; 7. §4- 8. relating to Permits, and § : 4. to Tu ner&-M and 44 G. c 103. §16, 17. relating to Permits — recited and furtl.cr continued till Sift. 2y, ieoe. § I.

" Recited Acts may be altered or repealed this Session. §2.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act for allowing a Drawback on certain Linens exported from Great Britain to the W*Jl It.clie]

[dth .*/. tjl 18c7V

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, i uituled 45 G. 3. c. 58.

An Act f rincreafng the Drawback on Linens exported from Great Britain to the \Ye; t 1m ies, a Draw-

1 tack was allowed 0: 1 Foreign Ijnens exported, which, by an Act made in th*Forty sixth Year of the Reign 46 G. 3. c. 114*.

of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to am nd an Act, passed in the last Scfi/n f Parliament, far inerenjtng

t r Druulael on Linen exported from Great Britain t-) the West Indies, was re it rained to Liucns ciucqUjd or

striprd: And Whereas in an Act made in the Forty-sixth Year (if His present Majhty, for granting nddi- ^6G. 3 0.42*

tional Duties of Customs during the War, Provision was not made for aP uving the Drawback 0.1 Foreign

Linens of the Description lait mentioned be it therefore enacted by ttic King s most Excellent Ma; e(tv, by and with the Advice ai.d Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall he paid and allowed, on the due Exportation On tVr Export- from Great Britain to any Island belonging to His M.tjofty in the H\Jl Indies, (in which Description the Bahama u" »( ciuqoed Ifwdrand the Bermuda or Somers 1JI nds are included) of German and Ruffian Linen, checqucred or ftnped, the kj"* 1^Thread or Yarn of which the fame is made being coloured, Rained, or dyed before the Manufacture thereof, [>, vuckof*the which shall be duly entered for Exportation accordingly, a Drawback of the Whole of the additional Duties of /V(j

Customs imposed by the said last-mentioned Act; any Thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding: D.i Provided always, That the Dra whack of the Duties of Customs hereby allowed shall be paid and allowed in such and the like Manner, and under all the Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as th? former Drawbacks on any such Goods were paid and allowed; and that all the Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures applicable thereto by any Act or Acts in force on or immediately before the passing of this Act, shall be extended to the furpoies of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Ikly of this Act, and made Part thereof.

CAP. L.

An Act to amend an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fifth Year of His present.

Majesty's Reign, for erecting and etlublishing Publick Infirmaries or Hospitals in Ireland.

[8th ugujl 1807.]

' \T 7 HER FAS by an Act, made in the Parliament of I eland in the Fifth Year of HR present Ma; ellys» Reign, intituled, An Act for ererting and cjlahlishing Public! Infirmaries nr I! spitals in this Kingdom, it 1*henacted, that in the several and respective Counties therein mentioned, Publick Infirmaries or Hospiuds shall be eroded, and estabiiihcd and supported, in Manner in the said Act m uitioved: And Whereas it is expedient.

to extend the Provisioas of t!nj said recited Act / be it therefore enacted by tho King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and 'Temporal, ai d Commons, in this prrlV x Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and aftei the passing of this Act, tta said recited Act, and all the Provisions therein contained, for the erecting, establishing, apcl supporting cf Publick Infirmaries or Hospitals in Counties, shall be extended andconftrued to extend to all Counties of Citier, and Counties of Towns in Ireland, for the erecting and etlahliOiing ot a Publick Infirmary or Hof, »ital, where n nofix-ii.il Provision bar he'n made by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland at the Time of the pa'Tirg of this Act; and that the Surgeon of every such Publick Infirmary or Hospital, to be erect'd in any loch Dainty of a City or County of a Town under the said recited Act and this Act, shall be appointed and pxdii' like Manner as the Surgeons to the County Iniirma ies or Iiolpitals in the said Act mentioned; and that th.* G'-and J'.ry of any such bounty of a City or County of a Town in which any Publick Infirmary or Hoipit.il fivdll be so erected or established, fiiaU make such Prefeutments from Time to Time for the uppoi t of Fell Huspitals as Grand Juries under the said recited Act are empowered to do; and that all other Matters and Things in the said reeiud Act, or in any other Act contained, relating to the County Infiunaries or HolpilaU in the said Act mentioned, shall extend and be applied in the erecting, eft abb filing, supportin r» and managing of such Infirmaries in Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns in Ireland, as iu: ly n.id effectually .*s il all hicU Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns had been mentioned in the said recited Act and included therein by Name.

it; f

undt 1 4^1 G. 3. r. ii. (1) ill be a'..owed.

5 G. 3. t. to.

H»*citeH Act encoded ro -C Jvl UVcS of C.ui'i ^od

To os It)

11 cl. 10.1.

Juries of

f.lCIlCitUSc m.ikr Picii'Mi. m. i»t, H»r l e

Su p'rtoffuch Lit .iblnhmo.iii*

A.D. 1807.

If ^ccl. or more fee .ifv d i-y puMick S il>-fc< ipii jn fur an Infirmary, Lurd J .iailrnant m <y dill*'! Tiejfuiy ty add thereto anquiv.denr Sum, nor exceeding 1, 5001. Ire.

-Donor? br Twvrr.y Guineas (h.ilt he G >vci-Iiori for Life, and "f T* rte Guineas for One Year.

Directors shall be choseu at General Tweeting*.

Prefenrnnents fbil) not e xceed tool, a Year.

><n shall rot aflect infirmaries already

eUablished, Sec.

-Grand Jun may yrcfenr Amou; t of Savings, See. in T1 eaiuiert Hands, so be expended, on infirmaries.

39 G* 3. c. 10c*

C. 5c, 5* 470 GEORGII III. Sess.2.

II. And be it further enacted, That if it shall happen within Twelve Months after the passing of this Act that in any County of a City or County of a Town in Ireland any Sum of Money amounting to Five hundred Pounds at the leash shall he raised arid advanced by a Publick Subscription, or otherwise, for the Purpose of circling, establishing, and maintaining a Publick Infirmary or Hospital in such County of a City or County of a Town; and such Sum of Money shall be deposited in the Hands of the Treasurer of the said County of a City or County of a Town, or in the Bank of Ireland, in the Name of such Treasurer; it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being to order and direct the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer, to issue and payout of the Consolidated Fund to the said Treasurer of such County of a Cicy or Town, or into the said Bank in the Name of the said Treasurer, a Sum of Money equal in Amount to such Subfciption so deposited, but not exceeding in any Case the Sum of One thousand five hundred Pounds, to be paid and applied for the Purpose of eroding and establishing such Infirmary or Hospital, in such Sums and at such Times, and in such Manner and Proportions, and under such Rules, Regulations, Terms, and Conditions; and to annex any such Forfeitures for Breach of such Rules, Regulations, Terms, and Conditions, as to such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, shall seem bed suited for promoting the beneficial Purposes of this Act; and after any such Infirmary or Hospital shall be fit for the Reception of Patients, the Grand Jury of the County of a City or County of a Town in which the fame -shall be erected and established, shall and may yearly present such Sum and Sums of Money as the Grand Juries of Counties are by the said recited Act empowered and directed to present, to be applied in such Manner as in the said recited Act or any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, is mentioned and directed with respect to the County 'Infirmaries or Hospitals in the said recited Act mentioned.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Donor of any Sum, not less than Twenty Guineas, to any Infirmary or Hospital to be erected and established under this Act in any County of a City or County of a Town in Ireland, shall, from the Time of such donation be one of the Governors or Governesses, and a Member of the Body Corporate or Corporation for such respective Infirmary or Hospital during Life; and every Person who shall subscribe and pay any Sum not less than Three Guineas, for the Use of such Infirmary or Hospital, shall be a Governor or Governess, and shall be a Member of the Body Corporate or Corporation for such respective Infirmary or Hospital, for One Year from the Day of the Payment of such Subscription.

IV. And be it further enacted, That such Donors and Subscribers so being Governors and Governesses of any such Infirmary or Hospital in any County of a City or County of a Town under this Act as aforesaid, shall, from Time to Time annually at such Time of the Year as shall be appointed for that Purpose, at a General Meeting of such Governors and Governesses, ehoofe and elect from among themselves Twelve Persons, who, in Conjunction with the Archbishop of Armagh for the Time being, the Loid High Chancellor of Ireland for the Time being, and the Bishop of the Diocese and Rector and Vicar of each Parish within such County of s City or Town for the Time being, in which such Infirmary or Hospital shall be situated, shall be Director* of - the Corporation for such respective infirmary or Hospital for the Year next ensuing such Election; and such Directors shall for such Year have all such Powers and Authorities in and for the Management, Governance, and Direction of such Infirmary or Hospital in such City or Tows respectively, as are given to or vested in the Governors and Governesses of any Corporation for any Infirmary or Hospital under the said recited Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Sum or Sums shall be presented by any Grand Jury under the Authority of this Act and the said recited Act, for the Srippoit of any such Infirmary or Hospital, in any County of a City or County of a Town in Ireland, exceeding the Amount of One hundred Pound* in any One Year; and that all Sums so presented shall be raised on such County of a City pr County of a Town, by an Assessment on Houses according to the Valuation of the fame, for the Fayment of Ministers Money, in such Mumicr as such Grand Jury- shall from Time to Time order and direct.

VI. Provided always and be it further enacted, That nothing contained in this Act shall extend or be construed to extend to, or alter the Mode of Assessment hitherto in use for the Purposes of any Hospital or infirmary^established previous to the passing of this Act 5 nor to authorize the establishing of any Hospital or In rm ry withm any Con y of a City or Town wherein an Hospital or Infirmary shall have been established, pr vious to the passing of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That whenever it fha1] happen that any Sum of Money heretofore presented or hereafter to be presented to be raised in any County of a City or County of a Town in Ireland for any Puroofe whatever, shall not be expended agreeable to such Presentment and accounted for within the Time prefenbed by Law, or within a reasonable Time after such Perfentment shall have been made, or whenever any Saving may be made on any Presentment, it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of such County of s City or County of Town, to re*present such Sum of Money then in the TreasurePs Hands, or the Amtuntof any such Saving, to be expended in the establishing and maintaining of any Infirmary or Hospital within the said County of a City or County of a Town respectively, over and above all such Sum or Sums as the said Grand Jury are by this Act or the said recited Act empowered to present for such Infirmary or Hospital as aforesaid, and such Sum of Money so represented shall be expended in the establishing and maintaining such Infirmary ef Hospital accordingly.

CAP. LL

An Act to revive and continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, an Act of the Thirty-ninth Year oi His present Majesty, for the more effectial Encouragement of the Bntifi) Fisheries,[Sth Jugujl 1807.]

A.D. 1807. 47dGIiORGII III. Sex. 2, C. 52, 53.

CAP. LI I.

An Act to Tcpeal so much of an Act of the last Session of Parliament as relates to the Payment of Duty on Coffee and Cocoa Nuts when exported from the Warehouse in which the same shall have ken secured. [bth August 1807.]

199

WHEREAS by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to repeal fa much of certain 47 G.

4 >V Acts, as relates to the Regulations or Condhior.s under which Coffee, Cocoa Nuts, Sugar, and Rice, (not Sess. 1. c. 4?*

being the Produce of the East Indies! arc allowed to be secured in lV<\rchouses without Payment of Duty, and to 1 aubcrtzeUhe Collectors and Comptrollers of the Customs in His Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America and the West Indies, to administer certain Oaths, all and each and every Act and Acts of Parliament in force on and

immediately before the passing of an Act made in the Forty-thivd Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

' intituled An Act for permitting certain Goods imported into Great Britain to be secured in Warehouses without 43 G. t. 0.131*' 4 Payment of Duty, so far as the fame regard or relate to the Regulations under which Coffee, Cocoa Nuts,

Sugar and Rice (not being the Produce of the East Indies) are allowed to be secured in Warehouses without'P-yment of the full Duties of Customs due thereon at the Time of the fird Entry of such Goods respectively,

wag thereby repealed: And Whereas it is expedient to repeal so much of the said Act of the said lad Scfhon

of Parliament, as respects Coffee and Cocoa Nuts be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent

Mar ft y. by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this Jre r kcr* prft'ent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act of the last Session of as tu (}oU\e, C*ud Parliament shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed, as far as respects Coffee and Cocoa Nuts.Cocoa Nuts-

u If since July 5, 1807, any Entries shall have been made, and Duties paid, the Commissioners of the Cudoms " may direct Re-payment of the Duty, &c. §2.

CAP. LIII.

An Act to enable His Majesty's Postmaster Genet al to open and return Letters directed to Hamburgh' or other Places abroad* and which have been 01 shall have been returned or not sent.

[8 tli uguj} 1807.]

4 \XTliEREAS certain Letters, which were dispatched from the General Pod Office in London in Mails made up on the Eighteenth, Twenty-first, Twenty-fifth, and Twenty-eighth Days of November One thousand eight hundred and six, for Hamburgh, and were returned to the said General Pod- Office by the Agent or Agents of His Majesty's Pod Mailer General, by reason that the said Letters could not he delivered, and '

in order to prevent their tailing into the Hands of the Enemy are now remaining in the said General Pod9Office And Whereas certain other Letters, which were put into the said General Pod Office after the said

Twenty-eighth Day of November, in order to be forwarded by the Mails to Hamburgh, B emen, and Lubeck

1 but which were not sent from the said General Pod, by reason that the City or Hamburgh was in the 1 Poflrfion of the Enemy, are now also nmaming in the said General Poll Office t And Whereas many of the Personi by whom the said Letters reflectively were written, figued, or sent, have applied to His MijHlyV 1 Pod Mailer General to have the fame returned to them; and Doubts being entertained whether His Mijcdy'a

Poll Master General is authorized by Law to return the fame be it therefore enacted. &c. u Certain returned Letters from II mlu gh, &c. may, on Application, within Three Months after passing the 41 Act, be delivered to the Persons claiming the fame, on their complying with the Regulations herein mentioned*

" §1. — Persons residing Abroad may have such I etters returned to their Correspondents in London, o^c. §2.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Pod Mader General shall and may, notwithstanding any Law,

Statute, Cu(lom, -or Usage to the contrary, detain and keep in his PoffL-ffion all and every such of the said Letters, together with the Contents thereof respectively, as shall not within the ripace of Three Calendar Months from the passing of this Act be required to be returned in Manner in this Act mentioned, or under the Powers herein after given, until he fnali receive Directions from One of Hi- Maicdy's Principal Secretaries of S'ate, by Warrant under his Hand a.id Seal, to forward the fame respectively in His Majesty's Mails of Letters, so the End that such Letters, and wfiat may be contained therein respectively may be sent by /oft for the P rions respectively to whom the said Letters respectively are addressed, which Directions it is hereby declared it shall and may be lawful for any One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State to give, by Warrant under hi. Hand and Seal, and which Directions the Pod Mader General is hereby required to obey, or cause to be obeyed.

IV. And for the better ascertaining the Persons respectively by or from whom any Letter or Letters contained in the said Mails respectively were wntten or signed, or sent, and for preventing Frauds in the Delivery of the said Letters to Persons not entitled to receive the same, or to requi e the same to be returned, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty's Pod Mailer General, or any Person or Persons authorized and empowered by him, in Writing under his Hand, to adminider an Oath or Oath*-to the Person or Persons applying for the Return of any such Letters as aforesaid, according to one of the Forms herdu-after mentioned; (that is to say),

that I did write F01 m of Oatht.

and that the Name

1 (or Names) subscribed in Writing, printed, set, or affixed to such Letter or Letters) was (or were) subscribed, /

' printed, set, or affixed to such Letter or Letters) by me, or by my Direction/

Post Master G nr.* may ke p 1, net- not

claimed-'* h i n t hree M-nths, til! here lives 'Uipction from One of the Secretaries of Stale.

Persons applying in behalf of themselves or others for the Return of L «tc limit rant O rth

10 I'<*1 1 utU of the Claim.

9 T A. !? do swear (or, being one of the People called Quakers, I A.B. do solemnly affirm),

4 1 or f nd the Letter or Letters) now claimed by me to be returned to the Pod Office, ai

200 '

Where Pet Tom

app'ying for Letter* cannot comply with the preetic Forms requited, tiic Sectetaiy of ttate m iv gi-.e PiitcliosiS. thcicui.

Persons taking fa 11 c Oatn* loible to the? Penalties of l*oj uy.

Port

General , See. not liable to any Acri mi for any Tiling done under no* Act.

[General Issue.]

Treble Costs*

Persons fraudulent v obtaining Letters ctr'f i I fling Bank Notes, Sec. (b.ai' he fr < r t poi f. d for Seven Yc..is.

S'crrtnrv ofr ate m iv , ith..rUe Post Matter General to open and rctorn Letter* of Foreign Ministers, See.

C. 53. 470 GEORGII III. Sell: 2. A.D. 1807.

r^A.B. do fwrar (or, leing one of the People called Quakers, I A.B. do solemnly affirm), that I am duly authorized by (C.D. as the Case may be) to receive the Letter or Letters) now claimed to be returned p to me on Behalf of the said (C.D. as the Case may be ), and that the said ( C.D. as the Case may be) did, to the f bed of my Knr-wlcdgc and Belief, write or iign, or fend the same to the Pod Office, and that the Name (or 1 Names, subscribed in Writing, printed, set, or affixed to such Letter or Letters^ was (or were', according to the best of my Knowledge or Belief, so subscribed, printed, set, or affixed by or by the Authority of the

said (C.D. as the Case may be.)'

I A.B. do swear, (or, being one of the People called Quakers, I A B. do solemnly affirm), that I did receive the Letter o< Letters) now applied for by me to be returned, and now produced and shewn untome, from ' my Correspondent (or Correspondents), who resides orrdidc'in Parts beyond the Seas, for the Purpose of being forwaided by me by the Poll from London, according to the Directions of such Letter or Letters), and that I did write or indorse, or cause to be written or indorsed, upon such Letter or Letters) the Wordi

and Figures which now appear to be written or indorsed thereon, and that I did put, or cause to be put, such Letter or Letters) into the General Poll Office in London, in order to be forwarded by the Poll, according to 1 the Direction of such Letter (or Lettersj.*

V. And inasmuch as in the Execution of this present Act, it may happen that some of the Persons who may apply for the Return of Letters may not be enabled to comply with the precise Forms hereby directed, and probably cannot take the Oath or Oaths in the exa£l Form or Forms of Words hereby required to be taken, on which account the Poll Mailer General cannot, under the Rellri£tions herein-before contained, return all the Letters which shall be applied for to be returned, notwithstanding that the Persons so applying may be well entitled to receive back such Letters, and that the true Intent and Meaning of this Act is that they should be enabled so to receive them; for Remedy whereof, be it further enacted, That in any Case where such Difficulty shall occur, it shall and may be lawful to and for any One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to direct, order, require, and authorize the Pod Mailer General to open and return any such Letter or Letters for which Application shall be made to be returned, and which cannot be returned under the Forms and Restrictions herein-before contained, upon such Person or Persons identifying the Letter or Letters, and making Oath in such Manner and Form as in such respective Warrant or Warrants shall be required and expressed; and the Poll Mailer Gcneiul is hereby empowered and required to execute, or cause to be executed, all such Orders and Directions, and to administer, or cause to be administ-red, such Oath and Oaths is shall in such respective Warrant or Warrants be expressed or contained j any Thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons who shall be convicted of wilfully taking a false Oath in any of the Cases in which Oaths are required to be taken by virtue of this A cl, or in any Case whereia an Oath or Oaths shall, by virtue of a Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal of such Principal Secretary of State be authorized and required to be taken, every such i'erson so taking a false Oath shall be liable to the Pains and Penalties to which Persons arc liable for wilful and corrupt Perjury.

VII. And be it further enacted, any Law, Statute, Usage, or Cuiloin to the contrary notwithstanding, That neither the said Poll Mailer General, nor any such Officer or Servant as aforesaid, shall be liable to any Action, Suit, Indictment, Information, or other Proceeding, or be liable to or incur any Penalty, Forfeiture, or Incapacitation, for or by reason of any Act, Matter, or Thing done or forborne to be done by virtue and ur.dcrthe Authority of and according to this present Act, or in the Execution of the fame, or of the Authority s herein contained, or my of them, or in relation thereto, or in pursuance of the Direction and Authority of such Principal Secretary of State, to be given in manner herein-before mentioned, but that all such Actions, Suits, Indictments, Informations, Proceedings, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Incapacitations, shall be and are hereby absolutely discharged.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times, be sued, moh lied or prosecuted for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any CLi.fe, Matter, or Thing herein contained, such Person and Persons shall and may plead the General Hue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then such Defendant or 'Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall falsely or fraudulently obtain ar.y Letter or Letters hereby authorized to be returned as aforesaid, or that shall or may be authorized to be returned under the Authority of a Warrant or Warrants of such Principal Secretary of State, by virtue of the Powers herein-before contained for that Purpose, containing any Bank Note, Bank Poll Bill, Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, Letter of Credit, cr any other Security or Instrument whatsoever, for the Payment of Money, every such Person so offending, and being thereof convicted in due Form of Law, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall be transported for the Term of Seven Years.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for any one of His Majesty's Principal 'Secretaries of State, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to direct, order, require, and authori/.e the i'oil Mailer General to open and return any Letter or Letters, for returning which, Application shall be made by oren Behalf of any Foreign Minifleror Ambassador, upon such Proof being made, with or without Oath, thactuch Foreign Minifleror Ambassador did write, sign, or send to the Pod, or cause to be Written, f.gned, or sent to the Poll, such Letter or Letters respectively, and upon such other Directions respecting the said Letter or Letters so applied for being complied with; and the Poll Mailer General h hereby alto required to execute, or cause to be executed, all such Orders and Directions as shall, in such respective Warrant or Warrants, be expressed or contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

7 XI. And

A.D. 180y,

47 GEORGII III. Sess. 2. C. 53, 54. 201

XI. 4 And Whereat it may happen that Letters directed to Places beyond the Seas, and which have been J ditched

font in the Foreign Mails from the said General Poll Office, may be returned back for want of forwarding ^n^ch^ have

1 them with Safety to the Parties to whom they are directed; 1 be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and iKell !fl may be lawful to and for His Majesty's Poll Mailer General to open and return such last-mentioned Letters as Foi.ign M .»h, shall have been returned, or as shall or may be returned to the said General Pod Office, in such Manner and under but mm; <h»n iy the like Authorities, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Punishments, as the letters herein-before IT^ltie

described arc directed to be returned; any Law, Statute, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding. g'nnail and

delivcial Uj>.

CAP. LIV.

An Act to prevent improper Persons from having Arms in Ireland.

[13th Augttjl 1807.]

WHEREAS it has been found necessary to prevent improper Persons from having Arms in Ireland, and 1 Provisions-have been made for that Purpose by different Acts of Parliament: And Whereas the said

Provisions ceased and determined from the Thirty-firu Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seven;

but it is expedient that the said Provisions should be amended and embodied into one Act of Parliament; ' be

it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prclent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, I hat every Person in Ireland, who hath or shall have Arms in his or her Possession at the Time of the VJC' M's

nailing this Act, or at any Time before the Sessions of the Peace for their respective Counties, which shall be <1

held next after the passing of this Act, and who shall not have registered the fame according to the Provisions of under In.h , v\ an Act, made in Ireland in the Thirty-eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for amending an^r- 20* Ally pajjfed in the Thirty -ft xth 7 ear of the Reign of His Majesty> intituled, An Act more effectually to sass refspycr'I'i

InsurrcQiom, and prevent the Dtflurbance of the Public Peace f shall, at the said Sessions of the Peace which thereof 1\ me shall be held next after the passing of this Act, for the County, Town, or City wherein they shall reside, $cfii«in* in Man. respectively deliver, or cause to be delivered, in open Court, to the Justices then present, a written Notification, teieui signed by him or her, Specifying therein the Place, Parish, Barony, or Townland, in which he or ffie shall be greeted,

then resident, or if in a County of a Town or City, the Parish, Townland, or Street in which he or ffie keeps vi- y

Arms, and the Place or Places where the same are usually kept, and the Number and Description of such Anns,

accompanied by an Affidavit, sworn before some Justice of the Peace for such County, Town, or City, by the

Person ligning such Notification, that such Notification is true, and that he or ffie believes that he or ffie is by

Law entitled to keep Arras, which Notification and Affidavit shall be read aloud in open Court; and if the justicesmiy

Justices then present, or the Majority of them, shall consider the Person delivering such Notification to be by grj»>r Licence*

Law entitled to keep Arms, and to be a fit and proper Person to keep Arms, they shall thereupon sign and rota'n

deliver to such Person a Licence, authorizing such Person to keep Anns, and specifying therein, if they shall la, uc:

think fit, the Number and Description of Arms which such Licence is to authorize him or her to keep, and shall deliver such Notification, specifying at the Foot or Back thereof the Number and Description of Arms, if

the fame shall be specified in the Licence, to the acting Clerk of the Peace, who shall register the fame in Books oVthe

j[or in a Book, if in a County of a Town or City) One whereof to be kept for every Barony or Half Barony peace.

in the County, in Alphabetical Order, with the Names and Places of Abode of every Person making such

Notification, according to their respective Baronies, or Half Baronies, where the Place of Abode shall be

specified to be in a Barony, or Half Barony, for which no Fee or Reward whatever shall be received by such

Clerk of the Peace; which Book shall be kept by such Clerk of the Peace at his Office, in the County, Town,

or City, and shall at all seasonable Times be open to the Inspection of any Justice of the Peace of such County,

Town, or City, and from which every such Justice shall be at Liberty from Time to Time to make such Extracts

as he shall deem fit: Provided always, that if the Majority of the Justices so assembled at the Sessions of the APPC*1

Peace, Avail refuse to grant such Licence to any Person who is by Law entitled to keep Arms, the Person tocaised , K>t

whom such Licence is refused may appeal from the Decision of such Justices, if in the County of any City or

Town, to the next Quarter Sessions of any County at large, adjoining to the County of such City or Town, and

if in a County at large, then to the following Session of the same County.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justicet of the Peace, upon an Application in Seffijn* may Writing, signed by any Person for a Licence to keep Arms, specifying in like Manner his or her Residence, from Time to accompanied by an Affidavit, sworn by the Person signing the Application that he or ffie believes he or ffie by Time fc, ant Law is entitled to kerp Anns, to sign and deliver at any Sessions of the Peace to be held for the County, Town,

or City, in which such Person resides, a Licence, authorizing such Person to keep Arms, specifying therein, if lo they shall think fit, the Number and Description of Arms which such Licence is to authorize him or her to m iking keep; which Application, with the Number and Description of Arms endorsed thereon, if the same shall be Application specified in the Licence, shall be delivered by them to the acting Clerk of the Peace, who is required to regifier and Adav»t. the fame in like Manner as a Notification, for which no Fee or Reward whatsoever shall be received by the Clerk of the Peace.

III. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Person who shall have obtained any Licence to keep P*rn Ucenled Arms under this Act, shall during the Continuance of such Licence change his or her Place of Abode, such c, erk^oV 1 iTe^ Person shall deliver a Certificate of such Change, specifying the House to which such Person shall have removed, Pcacc

to the Clerk of the Peace for the County, Town, or City, in which such Person was resident at the Time of Change of granting such Licence; and such Certificate shall be registered in like Manner as the Notification! and Applica- Residence., tions required by this Act.

47 Geo. III. D 4 IV. And

202

Penairy on Per-fofl, luvrng Arms not rtgi-

fle red;

First Otf'cncv, i cl. Second Offence, «ol. Sec. or Imprilunnietn; and Forfeiture of Arms.

Inventory of Arms kept shall he d*I vcred to Joffices when icquirccl.

Tnftices may wit lid raw Lumets, giving Iwice tlu. iivt to tiic Patties.

Persons served with Inch Notice not delivering Arms to M.igif-Irates shall be liable to Punishmcnr.

/u ft ices, See. mty enter Houses on

Suspicion of luving Arms vnrcgutcied, &c.

C. 5 4-

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2.

A.D. 1807.

Not to extend to Regular or M/iitia Forces, Ire.

Blackfm»th'flia!l enter their Forge*

anst cbrain L cence* at be taum.

Sessions nuy withdraw Lie* no s from in.tckfimfhs making Pikes or Pike Head*.

Penalty on Per-f., os making or i r.g making

IV. And be it further enacted, That any Person who flrall, after the said Sessiom of the Peace for the County, Town, or City, where he or she Avail reside, which shall be held next after the paAing of this Act, have in his orherCuflody any Arms that Audi not have been registered as aforesaid, Aiall, upon being convicted thereof on the Testimony of Two credible Witnesses on Oath before any Magistrate, for the First Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be levied by Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person by the Warrant of such Magistrate, or, in Default of Payment, be imprisoned by such Mngrstrate, for the Space of Two Months; and for the Second and every other Oifeuce shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be levied in like Manner, or, in Delault of Payment, be imprisoned for the Space of Four Months; and all such Arms shall be forfeited to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Succc Ho it.

V. And be it further enacted, l hat any Person who Aiall make such Notification as aforesaid of his having Arm*, and Aiali obtain such Licence as aforesaid, shall, at any Time when required by any Justice of the race within his Jurisdiction, which Requisition Aiall be made in Writing under the Hand of such Justice, deliver to such Justice an exact Lift or Inventory of all the Arms in his or her Possession, verified by his or her Affidavit to be made before any Justice of the Peace, and so from Time to Time as oftan as he or Ate Aiall be so required.

VI. And be it enacted, That it Aiall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace at any Sessions to withdraw any Licence theretofore given, and to cause the Name of such Person, as they in their Discretion Aiall at such Sessions dci»m an improper Person to he intruded with Arms, to be erased out of the Registry of Arms, and cause a Notice to be served on such Person, or to be posted on his Dwelling House specified in the said Registry to be the residence of such Person, or, in case of his or her having previousy certified to the Clerk of the Peace of the County, that he or Ale had changed his or her Dwelling House, then on the House to which he Aiall in such Certificate have dated that he or Aie had removed, signed by any one of the Justicei of such Session, and by the Clerk of the Peace, under the Authority of such Justices of the Majority of them, in such Sessions a fie mbit'd, that such Licence is withdrawn.

VII. And be it enacted, That if any Person on whom such Notice Aiall be fenred Aiall r.ot within Forty-eight Hours after Service of such Notice upon him or her, or at his or her Dwelling House as aforesaid, deliverto the next resident Magistrate, or some neighbouring Magistrate at his Place of Abode, all such Arms as were so registered, or account for the same to the Satisfaction of such Magistrate, such Person Aiall be denned to have in his or her Custody Arms that have not been registered, and Aiall be subject and liable to the Forfeiture and Punishment herein-before enacted again A such Offence; except where it Aiall appear to the Magistrates before whom such Offence is prosecuted, that the Delay arose from accidental Circumstances, and not from wilful Neglect.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it Aiall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace, where he Aiall have reasonable Grounds of Suspicion, or for any Person duly authorized thereto by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two Justices of the Peace, (which Warrant Aiall not be granted except on the Information given to such Justices of the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, that to the bed of his or their Knowledge or Belief such Person is unlawfully in Possession of Arms, ) to fearsh for Arms in the House or Houses or Grounds of any Person in Ireland, not having made such Notification, or obtained such Licence as aforesaid, and also in the House or Houses or Grounds of any Person who, having made such Notification, or obtained such Licence, Aiall refuse or neglect, for Forty eight Hours, to deliver such Lift or Inventory or who Aiall have delivered a false Lift or Inventory, or whose Licence Aiall have been withdrawn as aforesaid; and in case Admission Aiall be refused or not obtained within a reasonable Time after it Aiall have been first demanded, to enter by Force into every such House, and every Part thereof, and if any Arms Aiall be found itv the Possession of any such Person respectively, fare in the House of a Person giving such Lift or Inventory, and if any Arms shall be found in the Floufe of such Person giving such Inventory, and not specified therein, to fei/.e and carry away the fame for the Use of His Majesty: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained Aiall affect any Persons serving in His Majesty's Regular or Militia Forces, or in any Yeomanry Corps, or any Privy Councillor, or Member of Parliament, or Peace Officer, in respect to any Anns that they may have in their Custody.

IX.*And Whereas it is necessary to provide more effectually against the making of Pikes, and such like*offensive Weapons; be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons whatsoever, after the passing of this Act, Aiall exercise the Trade of a Blacksmith, who Aiall not have previously registered his Name, and the Place where his Forge is situated, at some Sessions of the Peace for the District in which such Forge is used, and Aiall also have obtained a Licence from the Justices at such Sessions, authorizing him to use and follow the Trade of a Blacksmith; which said Registry and Licence is to be made, kept, and granted, in Manner and Form as the Registry of Arms and Licence for using Arms herein-before mentioned.

X. And be it further enacted, That it Aiall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace, or the Majority of them, at any Sessions of the Peace, to withdraw such Licence from any Blacksmith, if it Aiall be satisfaertoriiy

proved on Oath to them that such Blacksmith hath made, or knowingly suffered to be made in his Forge any Pike or Pike Head after he Aiall have so obtained a Licence, and registered his Forge as aforesaid; and if any Blacksmith Aiall use any Forge without such Registry thereof, and Licence as aforesaid, he Aiall for such Offence and Offences incur and be liable to the Penalties herein-before mentioned that Persons using or having in their Custody unregiitered Arms are by this Act subject to.

XI. And be it enacted, That any Smith, or other Person, who Aiall make or afliftin making any Pike, Pike Head, Dirk, Dagger, Spear, #r Instruments serving for Pikes or Spears, without a Licence from the Mailer General, Lieutenant General, or Surveyor General of the Ordnance, Aiall, being thereof lawfully convicted,

be

A.D. 1807, 47° GEORGII III. Self. 2. C. 54, 55.

be adjudged a Felon, and be transported for Seven Years: Provided always, that nothing therein contained flnll c-tend ur be conftvued to extend to any Persons having or making such Weapons as aforesaid, in the Service or forth^Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace of any County, City, or Town in Ireland, within his Jurisdiction, where he shall have reasonable Ground of Suspicion, or for any Person duly authorized by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of Two Justices, (which Warrant shall not be granted, except upon the Information upon Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, that such Weapons, to the best of his or their Knowledge or Belief, arc in any House or Place, ) to iearch for Pike9, P; ltc-Heads, Daggers, or Dirks, in any such House or Place; and if any such shall be found, it shall and may be lawful for fu: h Magistrate, or the Person so authorised, to fe>ze, and carry away the fame, to the Use of His Majesty; and the Person or Persons in whose Possession, Custody, or Keeping, such Weapons shall be fouid, being thereof convicted by due Course of Law, shall for the first Offence be imprisoned for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months, and for the Second and every other Offence shall be adjudged a Felon, and be transported for Seven Years; unless such Person or Persons shall prove to the Satisfaction of the Court before which he, she, or they shall be tried for the said Offence, that such Weapon as aforesaid was in his, her, or their Custody or Keeping without his, her, or their Knowledge, Privity, or Consent.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Magistrate or other Person shall fei/c or carry away any Arms or Weapons as aforesaid, such Magistrate or other Person shall with all convenient Oifpatch transmit the same to One of His Majesty's Storehouses, or to the Officer commanding the nearest Detachment of Pis Majesty's Troops, by him to be transmitted as aforesaid; and that in every Case such Magistrate or other Person as aforesaid shall, immediately after he or they shall have seized or carried away any Arms or Weapons as aforesaid, transmit to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or to his or their Chief Secretary, a written Account of the Number and Nature of such Arms or Weapons, and of the Place where, and the Person from whom such Arms or Weapons were respectively seized.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all the Pecuniary Penalties in this Act specified shall be raised and levied by Sale of the Goods of the Person offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace in and for the County in which such Offence shall be committed; and the Penalties so to be levied shall be by such Justices or Justice handed over to the Treasurer of the County in which such Sums are levied, to be applied to such Purposes as the Grand Jury at any ensuing Affi/.es shall think proper to present.

XV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Search shall be made under this Act, by any Person authorized by any Warrant of any Justice of Peace under the Authority of this Act, the Justices of Peace authorizing and directing any Person or Persons to make such Search, shall make a true and faithful Return of the Name and Names of all and every Person or Persons so authorized to make such Search and their Quality and Descriptions, to the General Session of the Peace which shall be held next after such Search.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Grand Jury of every County* County of a City, and County of a Town iR Ireland, at each Assizes, and for the Grand Jury at each Presenting Term for the County and County of the City of Dublin, and they are hereby respectively required, to present such Sum to be raised off the County as may be requisite to reward the Clerks of the Peace respectively for their Trouble in the Execution of this Act, not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds at anyone such Affixes or Presenting Term.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That this A cl shall continue in force from the passing thereof for Two Years, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

CAP. LV.

An Act for allowing a certain Proportion of the Militia in Ireland, voluntarily to enlist into His Majesty's Regular Forces.

[13th August 1807.]

4f His Majesty may appoint Regiments of the Regular Forces into which Militia Men may enlist. §1. — The* Number of Men to be enlisted shall not exceed such Number of the Men then serving as will reduce the Regiment below Three-fifths of the respective Establishments: Where more than One Battalion the Chief u Secretary shall signify to the Commanding Officers the Number to be enlisted out of each. §2. — Commanding '* Officer shall ascertain the Number willing to enlist, and if it be Five-sixtha of the Number allowed , no more shall be enlisted without Consent of Commanding Officer. §3. — His Majesty may appoint Officers to approve or rejetft the Men, but none shall be rejected who are Five Feet Four Inches, and under Thirty-five Years of Age, unless disabled. §4. — Men enlistinginto the Regulars may transfer themselves to the Marines. §

Commanding Officer of every Regiment, out of which the Proportion of Five-llxths shall not enlist within Thirty Days, shall read His Majesty's Order and shall explain the Term9 of Euliftment, &c. §6. — If the , r Number who shall then enlist: shall not be the due Proportion, a Book shall be opened, and Men may within u Ten Days enlist, &c. §7. — After the Expiration of such Ten Days, See. none shall be allowed to enlist without special Leave of Commanding Officer for Three Months, cxc. and then Three Days Volunteering shall be allowed, and so at the End of the next Three Months: But none shall be allowed to volunteer after the End of Twelve Months after passing this Act. §8. — As soon as the Number to be enlisted from any " Regiment is ascertained, they shall be discharged, &c. §9. — No Person in Confinement shall be entitled to ' enlist until he shall have fullered the Sentence of a Court Martial, kc. §10. — Regimental Clerks, Drummers, and Musicians, shall not enlist without the Consent of the Commanding Officer. §1 r. — Commanding Officer may relufe to discharge upon Cause assigned to the Officer of the District. §12. — Men may enlist for a limited Period of Service, or without any such Limitation. $ 13. — Persons discharged or refusing to enhil, or not approved, shall continue to belong to their Regiment. §14. — Ati shall not authorize the enlisting or per-

D d 2 44 fuading

203

without Licence from th Ordnance, Fcljny.

Justices, &c. miy enter House* to fcarcW fur Pikes, ice.

Penalty on PossessorN, Fi 1 ft-CKonce Twelve Months Impii-fo"tm'nr. Second Offence, felony.

A*m» feixed Hr ill 1»e sent t<* ihu Kind's Stoics.

Penalties shall be levied by Distrcf* and pud to County Tuaturer.

Justirc-s rtvdl return to Seltioni N imti, ice. of Perlun« employed on Scarcucs.

Grand Ju'iei may present Sums for C erkc of the Peace executing this Act.

[Continuance of Act.]

204 C. 55, 56. 47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. A.D. 1807.

*< fuading to enlist, any Man not duly discharged. §15. — No Person shall be drafted from the Regiment in which he enlisted, unless first discharged therefrom. §16. His Majesty may give Orders for the Execution c of this Act, to Governors and Commanding Officers. $ 17. — Commanding Officers shall transmit to the Lord t % Lieutenant an Account of the Men discharged. §18. — Provisions relating to Counties and Regiment! w extended to Divisions, Battalions, &c. §19. — Act may be altered or repealed this Session. §20.

[See aftmilar Ady 45 G 3. c. 38.]

CAP. LVI.

An Act for increasing the Militia of Ireland, under certain Limitations and Restriction*.

[13th Auguj} 1H07.]

\7[/KER-EAS it1$ necessary that the most effectual Measures should be taken for augmenting His Majesty'*

Regular Forces, and it has therefore become expedient to permit a Proportion of the Militia, now serving in Ireland, to enlist into His Majesty's Regular Forces, under certain Provisions and Restrictions:

1 And Whereas it is necessary that such Increase of the Regular Forces ffieuld not diminiffi the Militia, but that the said Militia should be forthwith increased in a limited Proportion may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's mqft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That within Six Months after the passing of this Act, there shall be raised and levied in the several Counties, Counties of Cities, and Counties of Towns respectively, a Number of private Militia Men equal to One-Half of the Quota or Establiflimsnt specified in an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An jid for amending and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia in Ireland.*

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Establishment of such Regiments of Militia in Ireland, as have been or shall be augmented under the Provisions of an Act, made in the Forty-fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for empowering His Majesty to dlred the Augmentation of His Militia Forces in Ireland, to an Extent therein mentioned, shall be considered as remaining at the Number or Establishment allowed by that Act; and that the Establishment of such Regiments of the said Militia as have not been, or shall not be augmented under the said recited Act of the Forty-fourth Year, shall be considered as remaining at the Quota or Establishment fixed by the said recited Act of the Parliament of Ireland, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign; and in case any Regiment shall, by the Addition of the Men required to be raised under this Act, be increased to a Number exceeding its Quota or Establishment under the said recited Acts respectively, all Men in such Regiment exceeding the Number of such Quota or Establishment shall be considered as Supernumeraries.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Men necessary to be raised for the Purposes of this Act shall be procured in the several Counties, Counties of Cities, and Counties of Towns in Ireland\ either by Ballot in manner directed by this Act, and the several Acts in force in Ireland relating to the Militia, or bj the enrolling and receiving Volunteers in Manner directed by the said recited Act of the Forty-fourth Year aforesaid, as the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being shall, by and with the Advice of His Majesty's Privy Council in Ireland, direct and appoint by any Order or Proclamation to be issued for that Purpose; specifying the several Counties, Counties of Cities, and Counties of Towns, in which such Ballot shall be had, or for which such Men shall be raised by the enrolling and receiving Volunteer* respectively.

JV. And be it further enacted, That whenever Direction shall be given by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, in Manner aforesaid, that the Men required to be raised for the Purposes of this Act iu any County, County of a City, or County of a Town in Ireland, frail be procured by the enrolling and receiving Volunteers, it shall and may be lawful for the said Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, to issue his or their Orders to any Colonel or Commanding Officer to any Regiment or Battalion of Militia in Ireland, to enrol and receive into such Regiment or Battalion, such Volunteers as shall offer to serve in the said Militia, not exceeding the Proportion aforesaid; and it shall and may also be lawful for the Lord Lientenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, to issue his or their Order or Orders to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury of Ireland, requiring them to advance any such Sum or Sums of Money, as the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of IreLin I mav by such Order or Orders direct; and to pay to the several Colonels or other Commanding Officers of the different Regiments or Battalions of Militia in Ireland, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Sum of Four Pounds and Four Shillings for every Private Man that maybe from Time to Time so enrolled; and upon such Orders being issued as aforesaid, the several Colonels or Commanding Officers of such Regiments or Battalions shall proceed to enlist and enrol Men accordingly, in such Manner, and under such Conditions, in all respects, and the Men so enrolled, shall take such Oath, and shall be entitled to such Benefits, and shall be subject to such Regulations, and shall be and become Militia Men, to all Intents and Purpose3, fn like Manner as is directed and enacted with respect to Men enrolled, and received under the said recited Act of the Forty-fourth Year aforesaid, for empowering His Majesty to direct the Augmentation of His Militia Forces in Ireland, to an Extent therein limited; and all the Directions, Regulations, and Provisions of the said recited Act, shall be applied in the Execution of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had been repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

Number equal to Oiu-haif r he t^uota under Irilit Acr,

5 G. c. 8. Avail be raised within Six Months after pjlUng this Act.

Ell : »bli foment of augmented Regiments shall remain as under 44G. 3. c. 33. and of the other* as under 31, G. 3. c. 8. all above shall be con-firfared as Supernumeraries.

Men shall be raised by Ballot, oi Volunteering, as Lord Lieutenant shall

For the enrolling Volunteers,

Lord Lieutenant Ib.ili give Directions to the Colonels, ami the Ticalory, as under 44 G. 3. r. 1?. , ojft in such Case all he Lowers of lw.it Act thrtli be appltu in Exitut on of this Act.

A.D. 1807.

4.7* GEORGII III. Sess. 2

56.

205

V. And be it further enacted, That whenever any such Orders shall be received for the enrolling- and A further.s cciving of any Volunteers under the feud recited Act of the Forty-fourth Year of His Maiefiv'a Remn or i, ( ); rGuil

Volu-'toers Hi >11 not receive any Put of fuel* Guinea.

C

transraitted to

C mnry

T: crUurers, who shall l.tv time before J i»dgcs of Atfize, i\cc. and S ims exp.luite! Ill ail be pi efented, and

receiving of any Volunteers under the said recited Act of the Forty-this Act, it shall he lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the y

Time being, to ifhie his or their Order or Orders to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury of Ireland\ c i.n I t % " requiring them to advance any such further Sum or Sums of ?, Toney as the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Etpcnc?* «f Governor or Governors may by such Order or Orders direct, and to pay to the several Colonels or Commanding- procumig M n*. Officers of the different Regiments or Battalions of Militia in Ireland, (to he applied in defraying the necessary Expence of procuring and enrolling such Volunteers) any further Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Rate of One Pound and One Shilling, for every Private Man who may be from Time to Time so emolled, over and above the Sum of Four Pounds and Four Shillings by the said recited Act and this Act authorized to be advanced on account of every such Man.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Volunteer under the said recited Act or this Act shall be entitled to or receive any Part of such further Sum, nor shall be entitled to or receive any greater or higher Bounty than is authorized by the said recited Act of the Forty-fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign.

VII. And be it further enacted, Tint the several Colonels and Commanding Officers shall keep, or cause to b? kept, true and regular Entries of the Names, Addition, Places of Residence, Parish, and other Description o iiccrih iii of the Men whom they shall inrol under the Provisions of this Act, and the several Sums which they shall n-^nlmir iv Chief advance and pay to such Persons respectively; and shall transmit regular Copies of such Entries, certified by Sectary Lifts them reflectively, as well as by the Adjutant and Pay matter or Clerk of the Regiment or Battalion respectively, ul Mcn

to the Office of the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Chief Secretary shall cause Copies of the said Returns of the Chief Secretary Men foinrolled, and of all the Sums advanced to or for the procuring and enrolling of such Men respectively, thall causeCopic* to be transmitted to the several and respective Treasurers of the several Counties, Counties of Cities, and Conn- ot Return* to be ties of Towns in Ireland, Ten Days at leall previous to the next ensuing General Affixes after such Expenditure, orif the Treasurer of the County and City of Dublin, within Fourteen Day? previous to each Presenting Term; and the said several Treasurers shall, and they are hereby respectively required to lay the said Returns before the Judges of Assize on the Commission Day of the Affixes, or, in the County and City of Dublin, before the Court of King's Bench, on the First Day of each Term, and before the respective Grand Juries for such Counties, or Counties of Cities, shall be sworn; and the said Judges, or the said Court (as the Case may be) shall and they are hereby required to give the fame in Charge to the said Grand Juries, in order that the Sums so expended may be presented and raised off the said Counties and Counties of Cities and Towns respectively; 1 iicd oiT and it shall be lawful for the several Grand Juries to raise the fame either by Presentment on the County, County Couuiics, &c. of a City, or County of a Town at large, or by Preferments on separate Baronies or Panihes, as may appear to them in each particular Case to be just and equitable; and the said respective Grand Juries are hereby authorized and required to make the said Preferments accordingly, unless the Amount of the Sum, so to be raised,

shall appear to the said respective Grand Juries too large to be raised at one Assizes within the respective Counties, er Counties of Cities or Towns, in which Case it shall and may be lawful for the said several Grand Juries, by and with the Concurrence of the Judges at the said Assizes, or the said Court, to prefer any Part of such Sum, not less than One Moiety thereof, at such Affixes or Term; and the Residue shall in like Manner be given in Charge, and presented by the Grand Jury of such County, or County of a City or Town, or Grand Jurie6 of such respective Counties, or Counties of Cities or Towns (as the Case may be) at the then next ensuing Assizes or Term; and it shall not be lawful to traverse any such Preferment; and in case the Grand Jury of any County, or County of a City or Town, shall, after the Judges of the Court shall have given the fame in Charge to them, emit, neglect, orrefufe to prefer the fame, then and in every such Caserit shall be lawful for the said Judges of A: iW, or t!ie Court, to order and direct the Treasurer of such County, or County of a City or Town, to add the whole Amount of such Sum to the Presentments on the County at large, and to ilfuc his Warrants for collecting the fane, as if it had been presented to be raised on the County at large; and every Treasurer shall obey such Direction, and even Collector shall levy the said Sums conformable to the Warrant he shall so receive, and pay the same to the Tree Furor of such County.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the several Treasurers of the respective Counties and Counties of Cities and Towns, as aforesaid shall receive the said Sums, and pay the same to the Collector of His Majesty's Excise col'ett the in such County, or County of a City or Town; or in caie any County shall be divided into Two or more Money, and ppy Diilricts, with Two or more Collectors, then to the Collector ot that Tart of such County in which the yVue1 Revenue County Tcyvn is situate 5 and every such Collector of Excise shall, and he is hereby required, to give a Receipt wi, 0'fc Receipt for all such Sums of Money which shall be so paid to him as aforesaid; and such Receipt shall be lodged among (h ill he an

the Records of such County, and shall be a Discharge and Acquittance to such County for all such Men as Accjj.uni for the Ibd: be so raised and enrolled as aforesaid. Mcu r-iled*

X. And be it further enacted, That whenever Directions shall be given by the Lord Lieutenant or other ifMenar-Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, by any Order or Proclamation in Manner directed by this Act, that the required t.» he Men required to be raised for the Purposes of this Act in any County, County of a City, or County of a Town Vv^lvTl 1 \»c'!0t> in inland^ shall be procured by Ballot, the Numbers so directed to be raised shall be deemed and considered as , 3, (^5 un()cr Vacancies in the Militia of such County, County of a City, or County of a Town, and shall be brdlotted for, exutirg raised, and procured in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as are directed with respect to the ballot ting rciatirg to the or procuring Men to supply Vacancies in the Militia, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force relating to lnlh Militia, the Militia of Ireland; and that all Powers, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses,

Matters, and Things, contained in any Act or Acts in force relative to the Militia of Ireland) shall, as far as the

1 fame

Tin fare r ft a If

£T: n?ral Meetings cf tV, e Governors, 5cc. in each Cu'jmy, tvilUn Tnilly D.ivsafter yelling this Act, (h <U .ppoinr the Number of MenJ for each

Subdiv ifion, lee.

The Vestry of any Hirish may rmke an Alfrirmenf Tor providing Suhflirurci or Volunteers, kc.

Genenl Meeting shall fixthe Average Ift ce of a Suhtfitute or Volunteer.

Cl urchwarden*

may produce SuMlitutfi or Volunteers to Drp«ty

Governors, ice.

Fine of Thirty Pounds for every Man deficient at the End of Six Months after pa Ting the Act.

C. 56. 47° GEORGII III. Sell. 2. A.D. 1807.

fsme are applicable, and can be applied for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution, and so far ns the same are not hereby altered, varied, or repealed, be applied for the Purposes of this Act, and in the Execution of the lame, in as full and ample a Manner as if the said Powers, Provisions, Rides, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That a General Meeting of the Governor or Governors and Deputy Governors, or of Three Deputy Governors at the lead, shall be held in each County in Ireland, within Thirty Days after the passing of this Act, or as soon after as may he; and at such General Meeting the said Governor or Governors, or Deputy Governors, or such of them as shall be present at such Meeting, shall respectively apportion and divide every such County into such Subdivisions as they shall think most expedient for the Purposes of this Act, and shall appoint the Number of Men to be raised for and by every f arish or other Place within any such Subdivision, which Number so appointed shall be the Quota or Proportion that each of such Subdivision, and each Parish or Place therein, shall respectively furnish towards the Number of Men required to be furnrshed by the County at large, under the Provisions of this Act; and such Governor or Governors, or Deputy Governors, shall from Time to Time appoint such other Days and Times for the carrying this Act into Execution aa shall appear necessary and expedient to them, for the Purpose of applying the Powers of the several Acts relating to the Militia of Ireland to the Execution of this Act, and all such Powers shall be applied and earned into EtieCl* accordingly.

XII. And, in order to facilitate the raising the necessary Number of Men with all convenient Speed; be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, in such Cases as he may think fit, to direct that the Inhabitants of any Parish in Ireland, at a Vestry Meeting held for that Purpose, of which Three Days publick Notice shall be given, specifying the Cause of calling such Meeting, and which Meeting every Churchwarden is hereby severally required to summon, shall order to be levied by Assessment upon the Parish such Sums as they shall think proper, not exceeding in the Whole the Amount of the average Price of a Substitute ( such average Price to be fixed in Manner herein after mentioned), for every Man directed to be raised as the Quota of such Parish, and to apply the same as they shall think tit, for providing a sufficient Number of Persons to serve as Substitutes or Volunteers for such Pari ill, according to the Quota so to be raised in such Parish as aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for the said Inhabitants at the said Vestry Meeting, to appoint One or more Person or Persons to direct and superintend the Application of such Sums for such Purposes, pursuant to the Order of such Vestry 5 and all such Sums shall be forthwith raised and levied in like Manner, and by all such Means, Powers, Authorities, and Persons, and with all such Remedies, in case of any Refusal or Omission to pay the same, as any Parish Cess may by Law be raised and levied in Ireland\ the Overplus (if any), to be applied to any such parochial Purposes to which a Parish Cess may by Law be applied, as the said Vestry shall, at any future Meeting to be called for that Purpose, direct.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Governor or Governors, or Deputy Governors of each County, at any General Meeting to be holden a9 herein-before direct ed, for the Purposes of this Act, shall fix and declare what in their Judgement shall appear to them to be a fair and reasonable Sum to be paid as the average Price of a Substitute or Volunteer in the said Militia.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Churchwardens of such Farish shall and may produce such Substitutes or Volunteers so provided as aforesaid, before any Deputy Governor of the Subdivision, at any Time previous to the Day appointed for chusing the Men by Ballot in such Subdivision in pursuance of this Act; and that it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to provide Volunteers to serve for any Subdivision, and to produce such Volunteers, or for any Persons willing to serve to offer themselves to serve for any such Division, and to appear before any such Deputy Governor, within such Time and at such Place as aforesaid; and every Person so produced or appearing, who shall be approved of by the said Deputy Governor as aforesaid, shall and may be enrolled to serve under this Act:; and such Deputy Governor, before whom any such Volunteer shall be enrolled, shall cause the Clerks of the Meetings for the respective Subdivisions to enrol the Names of all such Volunteers, in such Manner as they are required to enrol the Names of Persons chosen by Ballot; and the Names of all such Volunteers shall be so entered within the respective Subdivisions before the Time appointed for balloting the Men within the same.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if within the Period of Six Month* after the passing of this Act, and within which Period all the Men required to be raised under this Act ought to have been enrolled, the Number of Men required to be raised under the Provisions of this Act, in any County, County of a City, or County of a Town, shall not be duly raised and enrolled; then and in every such Case, the County, County of a City, or County of a Town, in which such Number of Militia Men shall not be raised, shall be charged with the Payment of the Sum of Thirty Pounds for every Man required to be enrolled under this Act, in such County, County of a City or Town, remaining deficient; and the respective Colonels or Commanding Officers of the several Regiments of Militia in Ireland\ shall, after the Expiration of such Six Months, trausmit to the several andrespectife Treasurers for the several Counties, Counties of Cities and Towns in Ireland, Ten Days at leall previous to the next General Assizes, or if to the Treasurer of the County and City of Dublin, Ten Days at least previous to the next Presenting Term, after the Expiration of such Six Months, Certificates of such Deficiencies and Vacancies as remain to be filled up in their respective Countie*, Counties of Cities and Town*, which said Certificates the said Treasurers are hereby respectively required to lay before the Judges of Afti/e, or in the County or City of Dublin before the Court of King's Bench as soon as may be, and upon such Certificate of the respective Colonels or Commanding Officers being laid before the Judges of Assize, or in the County or City of Dublin, before the Court of King's Bench, it shall be lawful for such Judge of Affile, and such Court, and they are hereby respectively required, to fine the County, County of a City, or County of a Town, (or such Districts, Parishes, or Baronies thereof in which it shall appear, upon Proof on Oath by any one or more Governors or

20J

A.D. 1807. 47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. C. 56, 57.

Deputy Governors, that such Nodecl shall have happened), in the Sum of Thirty Pounds for every Man so deficient; and the said Judge of Aili/c or Court Hi all direct the Treasurer of the County, County of a City or Town, to issue his Warrant, to levy the said Sum of Thirty Pounds off the County, County of a Town or City, or off 1 he Diilridt, Parish, or Barony, in which such Deficiency shall remain to be supplied, which said Sum of Thirty Pounds shall he levied by the Collector of the Grand Jury Ccfs in like Manner, and with the like Powers,

Authorities, and Remedies for Non payment thereof, or of any Part thereof, as are provided by Law in reipcct to any Money to be levied under the Presentmont of a Grand Jury.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the several Treasurers of the respective Counties and Counties of Tie.iftrcr flnll Cities and Towns as aforesaid, shall collect and receive the Sums so ordered to be levied, and pay the same to the P*y M >Y Coll "dor of His Majesty's Revenue for such County or County of a City or Town; or in case any County shall ^li^aors ut be divided into Two or more Dillridts, with Two or more Collectors, then to the Collector of that Part of such Revenue^County in which the County Town is situate; and every such CclFdlor shall, and he is hereby required to give

a Receipt for all Sums oi Money that shall be so paid to him as aforesaid, and such Receipt shall be lodged by the said Treasurer among the Records of the County.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if within One Month after the said Period of Six Months IfMenfourd

after the puffing of this A A, any such Deficiency shall be supplied, then and in such Case the County, County fa d

of a City or Town, District, Parish, or Barony, in which such Deficiency shall be so supplied, shall be entitVd StxMonthV'to a Dcdudion and Rcmission of Three Fourth Parts of fu h Fine of Thirty Pounds to payable in respect of such Tfcrcc.fuursh* of Deficiency; and if any such Deficiency shall be supplied within Two Months after such Period, then of One , hc fine be Half Part of such Fine of Thirty Pounds; and if within Three Months, then of One Third Part of such Fine rcn', nell: 11

of Thirty Pounds} and the Amount of such Deduction or Rcmission shall, under the Order of the Lord Month, o<ic-Lieutenant or other Chief Govenior or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, be applied towards the Payment half — if u-nhin ami Discharge of any Fine or Fines due from any such County, County of a City or Town, District, rarifli* Three Montis or Barony respectively 5 and if no such Fine shall be due, the Amount of such D> Judlion or Rcmission shall, One-rhird — and under such Grder, be paid to the Treasurer of the Courty, County of a City or Town, to be by him placed J., IC to the Credit of such County, County of a City or Town, Dillridl, Parish, or Barony, as the Cale may be, as *, 1 he applied-an Advance on account of any future publick Ccfs to be thereafter levied on such County, County of a City or to the Use of the Town, Diflr.dl, Parish, or Barony respectively. County, &c.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Vacancies shall occur by Death, Desertion, or lawful Seven-tenth* of

Discharge, in any Regiment of Militia which shall have been augmented under the Provisions of the said recited , hc Expence of Act of the Forty-fourth Year, intituled, An si3 for empowering his Majesty to dircQ the Augmentation of His *JntQC^ Militia Forces in Ireland, to an Extent therein limited, it shall and may bt* lawful for the several Colonels or Commanding Officers of such Regiments to procure and enrol Volunteers to fill up such Vacancies, in such augmented Manner as is directed by the said lait recited Act; and the feveml Grand Juries of the Counties, or Counties of urckr 44 G. t. Citie$ or Towns, at the respodlive ensuing Assizes or promoting Term, shall, on the Certificate of the Chief c-3*- tbdlbc Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors oi Ireland for the Time being, Rating -

the Death, Desertion, or Discharge of such Man or Men, present such Sum of Money as shall be sufficient to

icimhurfe and repay Seven Tenth Parts of the Money advanced under the Order of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Govenior or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, for the procuring and enrolling such Volunteers te supply such Vacancies; or in Default of such Presentment, the Judge ot Aflizeor the Court, shall order and direct the Treasurer of the County, or G uutv uf a City or Town, to include such Sum, and return the fame among the Presentments thereof, so that the Sum fluid be raised and levied forthwith; and every such Sum shall he* !e\led, collected, and received by the Treasurers of the Counties or Counties of Cities and Towns, and paid by them to the ColIeCuns of Exciff, in like Manner as is herein-before directed with respect to the other Sums directed to be presented, livied, collided, and paid, under the Authority of this Act.

CAP. LVII.

An Act for allowing a certain Proportion of the Militia in Great Britain voluntarily to enlist into His Majesty's Regular Forces.

[13th August 1807.]

a His Mrfeflv may appoint Regiments of the Regular Forces into which Militia Men may enlist § I. — The

" Number of M.n to be entitled shall not excct'd such Number as will leave serving Three Fifths of the Number " of the EAnhlishment of each Regiment. Where more than One Battalion., Secretary of State shall signity

to the Commanding O[beers the Number to be enlisted out of each. §2. — Commanding Officer fliH.il afeertuiu 11 the Number willing to enlist, and if it be Five S: \ths of the Number al-owi-d, no more shall be enliflct,

11 without Conffnt of Commanding Officer. §3. — FI is Mnj fly may appoint Officers to approve or reject the,

u Men, but none shall be rejected who are Five Feet Four Inches, and under 35 Years of Age, unless ..ifabled. §4.

- Men entitling into the Regulars, may transfer themselves to flie Marines. §5. — Commanding Ofhutr " of even* Regiment, out of which the Proportion of Five Sixths shall not enlist, within first Thirty Days, shall " icarl His Majesty's Order, and explain the Terms of Enrolment, See §6. — If the Number who shall then " enlist shall uot be the due Proportion, a further Enlistment may take place for Ten Days. §7. — After hud

Ten Days no further enlisting (unless with Consent of Commanding Officer) for Three Mouths; then Three

M Days rrore enhfling; and so on successively, until the full Proportion shall have enlisted; but none fl ail be'u allowed to volunteer after the End of Twelve Months, after puffing the Act. § B. — As loon as the Number M to be enlisted from any Regiment is ascertained, they shall be discharged, and shall, if approved, be attested n for regular Service in the Regiments they have declared their Intention to enlist. §9. — Lieutenants of 41 Counties on receiving Orders from His Majesty, shall transmit to the Privy Council au Account of the

" Number

203

46 G.'s- c. 5.

71.

Boiirti or Tiilh Sait may t>c exported from Ireland in VciTcIs under 100 and not left than 80 Tons. Such Salt imy be expaned M Newfoundland.

46 G. 3. c. 83.

Jnflend of ft Receipt, an Entry shall bs nndc of Sums pud into the Bank in a Book provided for the Purpose.

fi>]

Person

authorised !iy Receiver General, and approved by Voftmatttr, may receive Monies, sign Drafts, ice. Pun.fliment of foiling the Name of any Person so authorised by the ReceiveiGtncral, Felony without Clergy.

C. 57 — 59. 47° GEORGII III. Sess.2. A.D. 1807.

Number of Men discharged, See. §10. — No Person in Confinement shall be entitled to enlid until he shall u have suffered the Sentence of a Court Martial, &c. §11. — Clerks, Drummers, and Musicians, shall not " enlist without Consent of Commanding Officer. §12. — Commanding Officers may refuse to discharge Men, " upon Cause, assigned to Commander of the Dillridl, See. §13. — Men may enlid for limited Periods of Service; " Or without Limitation of Service. § T4. — If any Person discharged shall refuse to enlid, or shall not be u approved, he shall continue to belong to the Regiment from which discharged. §15. — Act shall not €i authorize the enlilling or persuading to enlid, any Man not duly discharged. §16. — His Majesty may i/Tuc lt Orders to Lieutenants of Counties and Commanding Officers, for putting this Ac\ into Execution. §17. — i( No Person shall be drafted from the Regiment in which lie enliiled, unless fird discharged therefrom. §18 — €* On producing Certificates to Lieutenants of Counties of Men having been entitled, their Names shall be " discharged from the Lilt of Men serving for the County. §19. — Adjutants of the Militia shall Iransmit " Returns of the Men who have enlided under this Act to the Clerk of the Subdivision Meetings, who shall " transmit to the Orerfeers in England, and Treasurers of the Kirk Sr-ffion in Scotland, an Account of the Privates " so enlided. §20 — Ait shall not extend to the City of London. §21. — Provisions relating to Counties and il to Regiments extended to Stewartries, Battalions, &c. §22. — Ait may be altered or repealed this

il Session, §23.

[«S>eafuriilar Ad, 45 G. 3. c. 31.]

CAP. LVIII.

An Act for encouraging the Exportation of Salt from Ireland.

[13th Augttfl 1807.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, ^/?

AS more esse dually to regulate the Collect ion of the Duties on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported or exported into or from Ireland, and the Payment of Bounties, Allowances, and Drawbacks thereon; it is*amongst other Things enacted that no Salt of the Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain or Inland /hall*be exported from Ireland (except to Newfoundland in Manner in the said Act mentioned) in any Ship or*Vessel of less Burthen than One hundred Tons; and it is expedient to permit the Exportation of such Salt* from Ireland in Vessels of any Burthen not less than Eighty Tons be it therefore enacted by the King* most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, Salt of the Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain or Ireland may be exported from Ireland in Ships or Vessels of less Burthen than One hundred Tons, and not being of less than Eighty Tom; any Thing in the said recited Act, or any other Act or Acts, to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that the Exportation of such Salt shall be subject to all other Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions in the said recited Act, or in any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, mentioned and contained, and not expressly altered by this Act; and that such Salt may be exported to Newfoundland in such Manner as in and by the said recited Act is mentioned and allowed.

CAP. LIX.

An Act to amend an Act of the Forty-sixth Year of His Majesty, for the better Regulation of the Office of Receiver General of the Post Office in England.

[13th August 1807.]

WHEREAS an Act was pa/Ted in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, r An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of Receiver General of the Post Office in England: And*Whereas it is necessary to repeal and amend certain of the Provisions of the said Act may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said recited Act as enacts that the Receipt of the Cashier or Cashiers or the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall be a sufficient Discharge, shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed; and in lieu and instead thereof the Entry of all Sums of Money, Bilb, and Drafts, paid into the Bank of England, in a Book to be provided with the Approbation of the Lords Commissionera of His Majesty's Treasury, and font for that Purpose by the Receiver General, shall be a sufficient Discharge, and which Book shall after the making of such Entries be returned L*/<? j the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, to the Person making any Payments from the said Receiver General.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person, duly authorized by the Receiver General, and approved of by the Post Mader General for the Time being, to receive any Monies, or make any Payments, or sign any Drafts, or other Instruments or Writings, or do any Act, Matter, or Thing, relating to the Office of such Receiver General, to receive any such Monies, and make any such Payments, or lign any such Drafts or other Instruments or Writings, or do any such other Act, Matter, or Thing; and the lame shall be deemed good, valid, and effectual, under the said Act, as if such Powers had been given in the said recited Act; any Thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall knowingly and wilfully forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged c r counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully act or affi/l in forging or counterfeiting the Name or Hand Writing of any Person or Persons duly authorized by the Receiver General of the Pod Office, to draw any such Drafts, Instruments, or Writings as aforesaid, to any Draft, Instrument, or Writing whatsoever, for or in order to the receiving or obtaining any of the Money in the Hands or Custody of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on account of the Receiver General of the Post Office, or shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully ad or

affill

G.

209

1'

i> -

1'*' 5 C*"

jfV*

A.D. 1807; 47° GEORGII III. Self. 2. C. 59 — 63.'

aflHt in the forging or counterfeiting, any Draft, Instrument or Writing, in Form of a Draft, made by any such Person, or shall utter or publish any stich, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited, with an Intention to defraud any Person whomsoever, or any Corporation, every such Person or Persons so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be and is and are hereby declared and adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy; Provided also, that nothing in the said Act*, nk no* contained shall extend, or be #onil rued to extend, to render the Bank of England accountable for or on account Omissions under of any Qmidion or Mistake in relation to any Figure required by the said recited Act to be inserted in the Margin^G.3. c. 8j. §5. of any Draft drawn under the Provisions of the said Act.

CAP. LX.

An Act to give further Time for purchasing the Legal Quays and Warehouses, in the Port of London.

[13th August I S07.]

" The Period within which the Treasury are required to purchase the legal Quays under 46 G. 3. c. 118> w further extended for Two Years.

CAP. LXI.

An Act to repeal certain Duties on Foreign Goods, Wares, and Merchandize exported from Great Britain to Ireland. [ 13th August 1807.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign intituled, An Act 43 G. 3. c. St.

4 to repeal the Duties of Customs payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof; and also by another Act made in the said Forty-third Year, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty, during 43 G. 3* c- to the present IVar, and until the Ratification of a definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on the Importation and

Exportation of certain Goods, WaresyandMerchandize, and on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels in Great Britain 3 and also by an Act made in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, /n Act for granting^g. 3. c. 42.

to His Majesty, during the present IVar and for Six Months after the Expiration thereof by the Ratification of a

definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported into and exported

from, or brought or carried Coastwise within Great Britain; certain Duties are impoied on the Exportation from Great Britain of certain Foreign Goods enumerated under the Title of Foreign in the Schedule A. to 1 the said hrft recited Act annexed; And Whereas it is conformable to the Principles of the Acts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, that Foreign Goods should pass through either Country to the other without any Charge or Incumbrance of Duty thereon, and Doubts have been entertained whether the said 1 Duties are not payable under the said Acts on the Exportation of such Foreign Goods from Great Britain to

' Ireland be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent A'J Duti?5 on of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority Exportation of the fame, That from and after the passing of this Act all Duties under the said recited Acts or under any other Act or Acts in force at the Time of the passing of this Act, on the Exportation from Great Britain to 0fGoods°not of Inland of any Goods, Wares, and Merchandize not being the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great British Mnnu-Britain, shall be and the same are hereby repealed: And all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize not being the faflure, iepc» le<f| Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain, shall and may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland Goods

without Payment of the fakl Duties or any of them'any Thing in the said recited Acts or either of them, or in jfcJ] DuiyVrw. any other Act or Aft3 to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding. v 1

CAP. LXII.

An Act to suspend, Until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eight, the Payment of all Drawbacks on Spirits made or distilled in Great Britain or Ireland, and exported from either Country to the other respectively.

[13th August 1807.]

Recital of Act 47 G. 3. ScfT. 1. c. 20. — Payment of Drawbacks for Home-made Spirits exported from Great Britain to Irelandj or from Ireland to Great Britain, suspended till May 1, 1808.

Cap. lxiil

An Act for repealing the Duties and Drawback payable on Silks, and for granting other Duties and another Drawback in lieu thereof. Q13th August 1807.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to repeal the Duties of Excise now payable on all Irish printed, painted,

Rained, or dyed Silks, and upon all Silks and Silk Handkerchiefs, which shall be printed, Rained, or

' painted in Great Britain, and the several Drawbacks thereupon, and to grant other Duties and Drawbacks in*lieu thereof be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and The Duties an#

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Drawbacks of

Authority of the same, That from and after the passing oT this Act, all and singular the said Duties and the cTrT" hid Drawbacks shall cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable, save and except in all Cases relating Great Britain on to the recovering, allowing, or paying any Arrears thereof respectively which may at any Time remain unpaid, British and Irish or to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any Time S, lks shall cease, before the passing of this Act; and that from and after the passing of this Act in lieu and instead of the said or Twhlck* respectite Duties of Excise hereby repealed, there Hull be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto His Majesty, bc r*b?c* 47G10.III. - Ee His F y

210

C. 63 — 65. 47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. A.D. 1807.

His Heirs and SuccessTors, the several Duties of Excise herein after respectively mentioned; that is to say, For every Yard Square of all Silks, of whatever Kind, or by whatever Denomination the same are or may be called or known, which shall be printed, stained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, over and above the Duties payable upon the Importation of them or any of them, except such Silks not being Handkerchiefs as Aiall be dyed Silks painted, throughout of one Colour only, the Sum of Sixpence, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity ta: .n

fee. in Gift a Yard Square of such Silks; and for every Yard Square of all Injh printed, stained, painted, or dyed Silks of

Birain, nod liiih whatever Kind, or by whatever Denomination the same are or may be called or known, which Avail be imported punted silks from Ireland into Great Britain, over and above the Duty of Customs payable upon the Importation of Silk,

Great Britain except such Silks as shall be dyed throughout of one Colour only, the Sum of Sixpence, and so in Proportion

a Duty of(*d. per for any greater or less Quantity than a Yard Square of such Silks; and that from and after the passing of this Act, in lieu and in (lead of the Drawback hereby repealed, there Aiall be made, allowed, and paid, the Drawback herein after mentioned; that is to say, for all Silks of whatever Kind, or by whatever Denomination the same are or may be called or known, printed, stained, painted, or dyed, in Great Britain, for which the Dirties imposed in respect thereof Aiall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts a D rawback of all the Duties which shall have been paid thereon; and that all and singular the Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Po\ve:3, Directions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things which are contained, provided, settled, or established, in or by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force at and immediately before the passing of this Act, relating to the Duties of Excise on printed, stained, painted, or dyed Silks, for managing, ascertaining, raising, levying, collecting, recovering, aufwcring and paying, adjudging, mitigating, and allowing the Duties and Drawbacks thereby granted, Aiall be practised and put in Execution in and for the managing, ascertaining, raising, levying, collecting, recovering, answering and paying, adjudging, mitigating, and allowing the said Duties on printed, stained, painted, or dyed Silks, and the said Drawback respectively granted by this Act, and in and for the preventing, detecting, and punifiring Frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters., and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

CAP. LXIV.

An Act to allow the Bounty now payable on British Callicoes and Cottons exported to Gibraltar to be paid on the fame Articles when exported to Malta, [13th August 180; .]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Provision should be made for granting Bounties, on British Callicoes* V and Cottons, on British and Irish Linens, Brown and White, and on printed Linens and Sail Cloth-

exported to the IAand of Malta be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and Like Bounties w^th the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament shall be given on assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the fame Bounties Aiall be given and paid on all Cotton, Cottons, Linens, printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain, on British and Irish Linens, Brown and White, and on ^cc.| exported 10 printed Linens and Sail Cloth, which, from and after the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred pa y Jhle*hereon an(^even> have been or be exported out of Great Britain or Ireland to the IAand of Malta, as are if exported to now due and payable on Articles of the like Kind exported to Gibraltar, and under the like Provisions, Conditions, subjaltar. Limitations, Penalties and Forfeitures, as are provided by Law with respect to the Exportation of those Articles to tile last-mentioned Place.

oquJic 1 aid.

Drawback, on B ilish Silks

exported, of the Whole Duties.

CAP. LXV.

An Act to exempt Sales of West Itidia Produce by the West India Dock Company, for Payment of Duties and Charges, from the Auction Duty. [ 13th AuguJhSo7.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, among

3' other Things for exempting from the Au#ion Duty, Goods imported in any British Ship from any

British Colony in America or from the United States, it was enacted, that all Goods imported in any Briujb

Ship or Vessel from any British Colony in America, or from the United States, might be sold by Auction.

free of the Auction Duty, under certain Provisions and Regulations limiting such Exemption to the first Sale of such Goods, for the Account of the original Importer thereof, by whom the fame should be entered

42 G. 3. c, cxiii.*at the Custom House, within Twelve Months after the Importation: And Whereas by another Act passed in §5>6*the same Year, relating to the Concerns of the West India Dock Company in the Port of London, it was

provided that in the Event of Entries not being made at the Custom House, of any Goods, Wares, or Mer-

chandize, the Produce of the West Indies, within Seven Days after the Arrival of the Ship importing the fame in any of the Docks, Basons, or Cuts, in that Act mentioned, it should be lawful for any Officer of the said West India Dock Company, who should be appointed for that Purpose by the Directors within a limited

Time to cause such Goods to be entered, in order to pay or to secure the Duties due thereupon, and to retain the same as Security for the Re-payment of the Duties, and in case of Failure of Re-payment to the Directors

within a limited Time, then to enable them to fell such Goods or any Part thereof as shall be sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Duties, together with all Expences as well attending the landing and warehousing as the Sale, together with legal Interest for any Money which should and might be advanced or distmrfed for the fame: And Whereas it is expedient to exempt the Sales so made by the Directors of the said West India Dock

Company from the Duty on Auctions on Goods to be sold as aforesaid be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,

in

c.

211

A.D. 1807. 470 GEORGII III. Self.2.

C. 65, 66.

in this present Parliame nt assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the paGing of this s*, e of Good$ Act, ail G ods, Warcs, or Merchandize, the Produce of the West Indies, brought into any of th- Docks, w°rtSind?i° Basons, or Cuts of the said West India Dock Company in the Port of London, which shall be sold by the pJcks^foM Directors of the said Company, or under their Authority, conformably to the Provisions in the said recited torcimbmte Acts, to reimburse themselves for Charges incurred for Duties, landing, warehousing, Interest of Money advanced, Clurors or for any other Purpose respecting the fame, such Sales shall be free of the Duty imposed by Law on Good3 cx- (r('m and Effects sold by Auflion. Au6, .n Ua: j.

[13th August 1807.]

CAP. LXVI.

An Act to make more effectual Provision for the Prevention of Smuggling.

WHEREAS it is expedient to make further Regulations for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling* and of the illegal Importation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize be it therefore enacted, by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, every Vessel belonging in the Whole or in Part to His Majesty's Subjects, or whereof One Half of the Persons on board shall be Subjects of His Majesty, exceeding the Burthen of Fifty Tons by Admeasurement, which shall be rigged or fitted as a Lugger, shall, together with her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of His Majesty's Army or Navy or Marines, or of Customs or Excise.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Owner or Owners of every Vessel or Boat, rigged and fitted at the Time of the passing of this Act, not exceeding the Burthen of Fifty Tons by Admeaf" moment, who shall be desirous of navigating such Ship or Vessel, for the Purpose of fishing or carrying on lawful Trade, or as a Packet, or for any other lawful Purpose, shall take out a Licence from the Commissioners of the Customs in England, Scotland, or Ireland, or any Three or more of them, within Two Months after the passing of this Act; and during such Period of Two Months from the passing of this Act, no such Vessel or Boat shall be liable to Seizure or Forfeiture, under the Provisions of this Act, for want of such Licence.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case ?ny Boat belonging in the Whole or in Part to His Majesty's Subject?, or whereof One Half of the Persons on board shall be Subjects of His Majesty, being rowed with or conilrufted to row with more than Six Oars, shall be found within the Limits of any Port in the United Kingdom, or in any Part of the Briiiftj or Irish Channels, or elsewhere on the High Scas, within One hundred Leagues of any Part of the Coasts of Great Britain or Ireland, every such Boat, with all her Furniture, Tackle, and Apparel, Hull be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Army, Navy, or Marines, or of the Customs or Excise.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained, as to the Number of Oars of any Boat, shall extend or be con ft rued to extend to any Boat employed in the Whale Fisheries, nor to any Boat belonging to any Merchant Ship or Vessel, exceeding the Burthen of Two hundred and fifty Tons, nor to any Life Boat, nor to any Boat employed solely in Rivers or Inland Navigations.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Ship, Vessel, or Boat, belonging in the Whole or irt Part to His Majesty's Subjects, or whereof One HalPof the Persons on board shall be Subjects of His Majesty, and not being a Lugger, and at the Time fitted and rigged as such, shall have on board or be navigated by a greater Number of Mon (Officers and Boys included) than in the following Proportion to the Number of Tons of her Measurement,

(that is to say), if of Thirty Tons or under and above Five Tons, Four Men; if of Sixty Tons or under and above Thirty Tons, Five Men; if of Eighty Tons or under and above Sixty Tons, Six Men; if of One hundred Tons or under and above Eighty Tons, Seven Men 5 and above that Tonnage One Man for every Fifteen Tons of such additional Tonnage; or if a Lugger, the following Proportions, (that is to say), if of Thirty Tons or under, Eight Men; ifot Fifty Tons or under and above Thirty Tons, Nine Men; and in case any such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, shall be found or discovered to have been within the Limits or Distance aforesaid, having 011 board any greater Number of Men than in the Proportions before limited and set forth, every such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, and all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Army, Navy, or Marines, or of the Customs or Excise.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to forfeit any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, by reason of any Man or Men exceeding any such Proportion as aforesaid, being on board of any such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, whether such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, shall be a regular and established Packet or Passage Vessel or not, who shall bond Jide be a Passenger or Passengers only on board of such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, or who shall have been taken on board at Sea under any Circumstances of Bistress, or unavoidable Necessity, Proof of such Persons being Passengers only, or of such Circumstances being given, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England, Scotland and Ireland, respectively, if required by them, or to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Excise in England, Scotland, or Ireland, on Seizures made by the Officers of Excise, or brought to any Warehouse belonging to the Excise.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein-before contained, in relation to the Number of Oars with which any Boat may be rowed, or conllrudted to row, or to the Proportions of Men to be allowed to any such Ships, Vessels, or Boats, shall extend or be construed to extend to any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, belonging to His Majesty, or in the Service of Government, or in the Employment of the Customs or Excise, nor to any Ship or Vessel having a Letter or Letters of Marque from the Commissioners of the Admiralty, for the Time being, or to forfeit any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, bond side employed in Net Fishing-, by reason of any Excels of Number of Men above such Proportions, on board of any such Fishing Ship, Vessel, or Boat, when

Rrirish Lugger* ab ve Fifty Ton* Hull be forfeited.

Owners of Vffleli unde* Fifty Tons shall rake out Licence withio Two Months after pjffnig the Act.

Boats with more than Six Ojt* forfeited (if ia Ports, &c. or within 10a League*).

Not to extend t» Whale Boats, River Boats, &c.

VtlTels shall be navigated by ceitam Number of Men

propoi tioned to (heir Tonu.igc.

Exception as r#

R.fiV.wvis

Pci! in cn on haard Mon* Diitrci*,

Exceptions a« t«

Snips War, Revenue Boa's, F (hi ig Vessel*,

Licensed Boats. Ac.

C. 65.

A.D. 1807.

212

B iiiOi VeflTdt, Inivi/ijj OM l, uard frr.itil Cordage, OdkN, or Jrr.; iU*mfr.t<, or M» crt.i|', See. i n

K.rl'ciud,

Vificls and li i.as dilcowivd vs- it*»in 8 f.sallies tu Len^uci,

I avint» on boaid, or having had illegal Co'dage, Caiks, &c. forfeited.

If Tobacco or Smift >s found on boafd any Lritish VdTcl, vu bin lco Leagues, separated «v divided in any Manner within the legal Package, or having any other Article introduced therein, the same shall be forfeited with the Ship, he.

British VcHl Is clearingou? f om CJuernlVy, &c. with Spi its. Snuff, Teas, Wine, or Salt, shall not break. Sulk or alter Cargo during the Voyrg* Uriel's through Distrefr; he.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2.

lom: side and at the Time employed wholly in Fishery, or to any Vessel or Boat licensed by the Commissionera of CuAoms in England, Scotland, or Ireland, respectively, to use more than Six Oars, or to carry any greater Number of Men than the Proportion allowed by this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, of whatever Size, Draught of Water, or Description, the fame be, belonging in the Whole or in Part to His Majesty's Subjects, or whereof One-half of the Persons on board shall be Subjects of His Majesty, shall be found or discovered to have been within the Limits or DiAance aforesaid, having on board, or having had on board, during the Voyage, any small Cordage* adapted and prepared for flinging (mail Casks, or having on board, or having had on board, during the Voyage, any more Ankers, Half Ankers, or other small Calks under Sixty Gallons, or any Tin or other Cases, or Bladders of less Content than Sixty Gallons, (and capable of containing Liquids) of the Sort or Description used, or intended to be used, or fit or adapted for the smuggling of Spirits, than shall be really necessary for the Use of the Paid Vessel, or any Materials for the forming, making, or conArufting, of any such Ankers, Half Ankers, or other small Calks, or Cases or Bladders, or having on board, or having had on board, during the Voyage, any Syphon, Tube, Hose, or Implements whatever, for broaching or drawing any Fluid, more than is usual and necessary to have on board for the fair and ordinary Purposes of Use in the Voyage, and not being a Part of the Cargo, and included as such in the regular official Documents, or having on board, or having had on board, during the Voyage, any Articles, Implements, or Materials, adapted and prepared for the re-packing any Tobacco or Snuff which may be on board, or have been on board, during the Time, every such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, and all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, together with the said Implements, Ankers, Calks, Cases, an Materials, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Army, Navy, or Marines, or of the CuAoms or Excise.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Ship, Vessel, or Boat whatever, shall be found or discovered to-have been hovering, or within the Limits or DiAances of Four or Eight Leagues of such Parts of the Coasts of Great Britain or Ireland reflectively, as are in any Act or Acts of Parliament, passed for the Prevention of Smuggling, tlefci ibed and specified as to such respective DiAances of Four and Eight Leagues, having on board, or having had on board during the Voyage, any small Cordage adapted and prepared for flinging small Calks; or having on board, or having had on board, during the Voyage, any more Ankers, Half Ankers, or other small Calks under Sixty Gallons, or any Tin or other Cases, or Bladders, of less Content than Sixty Gallons, (and capable of containing Liquids) of the Sort or Description used, or intended to be used, or fit or adapted for the Smuggling of Spirits, than shall be really necessary for the Use of the said Vessel; or any Materials for the forming, making, or conflrufting of any such Ankers, Half Ankers, or other small Calks, or Cases or Bladders as aforesaid, or having on board, or having had on board, during the Voyage, any Syphon, Tube, Hose, or Implements, whatsoever, for broaching or drawing any Fluid, more than is usual and necessary to have on board for the fair and ordinary Purposes of Use in the Voyage, and not being a Part of the Cargo, and included as such in the regular official Documents; or having on board, or having had on board, during the Voyage, any Articles, Implements, or Materials, adapted and prepared for the re-packing any Tobacco or Snuff which may be on board, or have been on board, during the Time; or if any Boat rowed with, or constructed for rowing, with more than Six Oars, shall be found, or discovered to have been hovering, or within such respective Limits or DiAances of Four or Eight Leagues as aforesaid, every such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, and all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, together uith the said Implements, Ankers, Calks, and Materials, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Army, Navy, or Marines, or of the CuAoms or Excise.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case any Tobacco or Snuff shall be found on board any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, belonging in the Whole or in Part to His Majesty's Subjects, or whereof One Half of the Persons on board shall be Subjects of His Majesty, which shall be found or discovered to have been within the Limits of any Port or Harbour of the United Kingdom, or in any Port or Harbour of the United Kingdom, or in any Part of the British or Irish Channels, or elsewhere, in the High Seas, within One hundred Leagues of the Coasts of Great Britain or Ireland, (except for the Use of the Seamen then belonging to and on board such Ship or Vessel, not exceeding the Quantity now allowed by Law for the Use of such Seamen) which, although contained in a Package or Packages of legal Size and Dimensions, shall nevertheless be separated or divided within the Package or Packages into smaller Packages, either by Cords or Strings, or any other Article or Thing introduced into the Package, or in any Manner whatever; or if any other Goods, or any Article whatever, shall be found in any Package of Tobacco, all such Tobacco or Snuff, with the Package, and every Article contained therein, and also the Ship, Vessel, or Boat, with the Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, shall be forfeited, and shall and maybe seized by any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Army, Navy, or Marines, or of the CuAoms or Excise.

XI.*And Whereas it is expedient to prevent Frauds which may be committed by Ships trading from the*Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, and Sark, to the Prejudice of His Majesty's Revenue, and the Trade ' and Commerce of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland be it therefore enacted, That if after the Departure from the said Islands respectively, of any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, belonging in the Whole or in Part to His Majesty's Subjects, or whereof One Half of the Persons on board are Subjects of His Majesty, having on board any Spirits, Tobacco, Snnff, Tea, Wine, or Salt, Bulk shall be broken, or any Part of the Cargo shall be unladen or unshipped from or out of such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, or any Alteration shall be made in the Form, Size, Description, or Number of the Packages so taken on board, or in the Quantity or Quality, or Mode of Package of the Goods contained therein, at any Time while such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, shall be in the Prosecution of the Voyage towards Great Britain or Ireland, or any other Port or Place whatever for which such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, shall have cleared out from the said Islands, every such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, with her Guns, Furniture

Ammunition,

A.D. 18bj.

47° GEORGII III. Sefl; 2.

C. 66J

213

c:

#y

j-.

r>

J '

A;

vv

Wi.ci' C* i, i

li.tl .i: l oi w rH C.i'go; : nd if found lijjht afterward?, .b. fore D; livery.at Port of

Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Avmv, Navy, or Marines, or of the Customs or Excise: Provided always, that, no Forfeiture shall be incurred on account of the breaking Bulk, or unshipping or unlading the Cargo, or any Part thereof as aforesaid, if the fame was done through unavoidable Necessity or Diflrefs; nor shall any Forfeiture be incurred on account of any such Alteration in the Cargo of such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, if the fame was occasioned by inevitable Cause or Accident, or became necessary for the Security or Preservation of such Ship, Vessel, or Boat; such Neceditv,

Distress, Cause, or Accident, to be proved to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Cullens or Excise in England, Scotland\ or Ireland rftpeftively.

XII. /And be it further enacted, That no Ship or Vessel shall, from and after the Expiration of One Month y, ^j after the passing of this Act, fail or depart from any or either of the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Alderney, f.,; i frtn. without having a Clearance, whether such Ship or Vessel shall fail in Ballall or have a Cargo on hoard; and if Gu?inicy, Sec. any such Ship or Vessel shall have a Cargo on board, then the Master or other Person having or taking the

Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall give Bond to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, which !l*

Bond every such Officer is hereby authorized and required to take in Double the Value of such Ship or Vessel, and of the Cargo on board, for the due landing thereof at the Port for which such Ship or Vessel Audi have cleared; and every Ship or Vessel which shall not have such Clearance, or having any such Clearance for any Cargo, shall be found light, or with any Part of such Cargo discharged before the Delivery thereof, according to such Clearance, at the Port specified therein, or within the United Kingdom, or at some foreign Port, if cleared from a foreign Port, unless through any unavoidable Necessity or Distress, or for the Security or Clearance, may Preservation of the Ship or Vessel, to be proved to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of His MajestyV be iVucd. Cullomsor Excise in England, Scotland, or Ireland respectively, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be ieized; by any Officer of the Army, Navy, or Marines, or of the Customs or Excise.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, belonging in the Whole or in Part to VefTcU ftn'lnot

His Majesty Subjects, or whereof One Half of the Personson board are Subjects of His Majesty, shall fail or ckur out fiuni

depart from any or either of the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, or Sari, with any greater Number cf Gucrnicy, &c. Personson board than is allowed under this Act to be on board any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, of like Size and

Description, or if any Ship, Vessel, or Boat whatever, shall fail or depart from any or either of the Islands p, opo tion of of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, or Sark, having on board, or which shall take or have taken on board. Men, oi with during the Voyage, any small Cordage adapted and prepared for flinging small Cartes, or any Ankers, Half empty Calks or Ankers, or other small Caflcs under Sixty Gallons, or any Tin or other Cases or Bladders of less Content than Marei* for Sixty Gallons, and capable of containing Liquids of the Sort or Description uled, or intended to be used, or fit

or adapted for the smuggling of Spirits, than shall be really necessary for the Use of such Vessel, or any

Materials for the forming, making, or eonflrufting of any such Ankers, Half Ankers, or small Call is. Cases,

Boxes, or Bladders as aforesaid, or having on board, or which shall take or have taken on board, during the

Voyage, any Syphon, Tube, Hose, or Implements whatever, for broaching or drawing off any Fluid, more'

than is usual and necessary to have on board for the fair and ordinary Purposes of the Voyage, or having on

board, or which shall take or have taken, during the Voyage, any Articles, Implements, or Materials, adapted

and prepared for the re-packing any Tobacco of Snuff which may be on board, or have been on board any such ptfn; jf

Ship, Vessel, or Boat during the Voyage, every such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, as aforesaid, shall, together with jvfiiiureof lb#

her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel, be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer Ship, &c.

or Officers of the Army, Navy, or Marines, or of the Customs or Excise.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every Ship or Vessel belonging in the Whole or in Part to His Brinlh Vessel* Majesty's Subjects, or whereof One Half of the Persons on board shall be Subjects of His Majesty, which shall, laden with after the passing of this Act, have been laden with or shall have taken on board any Spirits, Tobacco, or Snuff, or Spirits, Sec. in Tea, in any foreign Port belonging to any State or Power at War with His Majesty, or shall have received or taken^[h L'cence any such Articles on board from any Ship, Vessel, or Boat- coming out of or from any such Port in any greater ]hn|ibe for ft M Quantity than shall be necessary for the Use of the Men on board of such Ship or Vessel for the Voyage, without if seized within a Special Licence from His Majesty's Privy Council, or from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, or from Six Munttu.

One of His Majesty's Secretaries of State, shall be forfeited and shall and may be seized by any Officer of ITis

Majesty's Army or Navy or Marines, or Customs or Excise: Provided always, that no such Seizure shall be made after the Expiration of Six Months from the Time of fuel: Ship or Vessel having To laden or taken on board fuel) Spirits, Tobacco, Sduff, or Tea, as aforesaid.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no Person found on board of any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, liable to All ProredHors Seizure under this Act, or any Act or Acts of Parliament parted for the Prevention of Smuggling, shall be entitled to claim the Benefit of any Protection which may have been granted to secure such Person from being rtprcffi.il into His Majestys Service, or to which he may be entitled under any Act or Acts of Parliament, or ay Law or Laws, or in respect of any such Velfft having Letters of Marque; bat every such Protection of every Person so found as aforesaid, shall be absolutely null and void; and also, it shall be lawful for ar.v Officer of the Army, Navy, or Marines, or of the Customs or Excise, to detain or to take ana curry any Inch Person, and r; rvc» ^', c*

r % ..... y._ _ — it under I; I. 1

fve

R,

iring Man, to any Ship or Vessel of War in His Majesty's Service, or to the Custody of any employed in His Majesty's Imprest Service; and any such Person being such Seaman or seafaring Man as aforesaid, may thereupon, if fit and able to serve His Majesty, be impressed into His M: i jesty's Naval Service; and no Person so impressed shall, tmless he she.ll be disabled or become unlit for Service, be discharged from His Majesty's 6crvice during the Period of Five Years, nor after the Termination of such Five Years, until the Cundurtoii of any War in which Ilij Majesty may be then engaged; and all the Provisions and Penalties in the

Lid

of Men found "r| honrd of Vefli Is liable To cei/'i c ro br so« ft irrei; M' n Ih.ill be imprt 1st d, ai d

mrmy, navy, or marines, or oi uie umums or i^xcuc, 10 aciajn or 10 ihkc ana carry any lutn I erlon, ana .....*,

: very Person liable to be arrcfled and detained under this Act, or an Act passed in the Forty-fifth Year of the*

Kciga of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling, being a Seaman*

ir fufarin^ Man, to any Ship or Vessel of War in His Majesty's Service, or to the Custody of any Officer

Commissioners oi Cult^ms Sec. Ih.ill rewAtd Person* taking such Men.

Po*ver< of

Semit e by Officer of Army esui.dtd ro Militia, &c. l$*e 45 G.

c. tzi. §16.]

All Provisions, Sec. reg.iro'ing Vefills, 5c c. found within of 8 Leagues cxtcnderl to Vefllls within J.X) L<agues, if of the Descrip-itfru in thii Ach

Commissionen of Customs and Exci cinEng'and and Scotland authorized to rcwaul Officers feuing Vefll-l* or Boars, liable lo be broken up, and nor uferi in His Majesty's Service, or as JPrivat ers, wish ce: t lin Sums, accordii g co thur lumuge.

Increase of Rewards to Officers on penal Proieculioni.

C. 66; 47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2: A.D. 1807.

said recited Act of the Forty-fifth Year aforesaid, contained, as to discharging any Man entering into His Majesty's Service under the said Act, shall extend to Men so imprested under this Act; and no Person ioimpneffed shall forfeit any such Penalty of Treble Value, or One hundred Pounds, as in the said Act mentioned, unless he shall desert His Majesty's Service, or quit the fame without being duly discharged, any Thing in the said Act of the Forty-fifth Year, or in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Customs or Excise of England, Scotland, and Ireland respectively, and they are hereby required, upon Proof made to their Satisfaction, that any such Men have been so imprested and detained in or delivered over to His Majesty's Naval Service, and also of the Ship, Vessel, or Boat, in which they shall be found, being liable to Seizure, or of such Person being liable to be detained as aforesaid, to award to the Person so detaining and delivering over any such Man or Men, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds for each Man so detained or delivered over.

XVI. And be it further declared and enacted, That all the Powers, Provisions, and Authorities in this Act or in any other Act or Acts contained, in relation to the making of any Seizures by any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Army; or to the arrelling or detaining any Man liable to be arrested or detained under any Act or Acts of Parliament passed for the Prevention of Smuggling, shall extend and be construed to extend to all Officers of the Militia while embodied, or of the Volunteers, or any other of His Majesty's Military Forces while on Service, and ftibjed to the Provisions of any Ad in force for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That every Ship, Vessel, or Boat, belonging in the Whole or in Part to H13 Majesty's Subjects, or whereof One Half of the Persons on board shall be Subjects of His Majesty, and being or falling within the Provisions of or Description contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act, and which would, under and by virtue of those Prorifuns, or any or either of them, or any such Act, be liable to Forfeiture for hovering, or being found and discovered to have been within Four or Eight Leagues of such Part of the Coasts of Great Britain or Ireland respectively, as are in any such Act or Acts of Parliament described, and specified as to such respective Distances of Four and Eight Leagues, shall, together with all the Goods laden on board, and the Guns, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, be subject and liable to Forfeiture, if found in any Part of the British or Irijl Channels, or elsewhere on the High Seas, within One hundred Leagues of any Part of the Coasts of Great Britain or Ireland, under any of the Circumstances specified, described, or mentioned in any such Act or Acts as aforesaid; and all the Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Forfeitures, Penalties, lleilrictions. Exemptions, Matters, and Things contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to any such Ship, Vessel or Boat hovering or found or discovered to have been within such Four or Eight Leagues respectively of the Coast of Great Britain or Ireland\ and also relating to any Goods laden on board any such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, and the Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel thereof, shall be and the fame is and are hereby declared severally and respectively to extend to, and shall apply and be in full force, and be applied and put in Execution as to every such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, which shall be found as aforesaid in any Part of the British or Ir'Jh Channels, or elsewhere on the High Seas, within One hundred Leagues of any Part of the Coasts of Great Britain or Ireland; and also to all Goods laden on board any such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, and the Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel thereof, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said several Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Forfeitures, Penalties, Redactions, Exemptions, Matters, and Things relating thereto, were particularly and expressly repeated and re-eiia&ed in the Body of this Act.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs or Excise in England and Scotland respectively for the Time being, shall and they are hereby authorized and empowered respectively, out of any Monies in their Hands arising from Seizures or Duties under their Management, to reward any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, or of the Army, Navy, or Marines, who shall seize any Vessel or Boat, which by Law shall be liable to be broken up after Condemnation, and which shall not be tifed in His Majesty's Sendee, or sold to be employed or used as a Privateer, in the Manner herein after mentioned; (that is to say ) to such Officer or Officers, for all such Vessels or Boats ?.$ shall exceed Four Tons by Admeasurement, which shall be seized and condemned, an Allowance of Thirty Shillings per Ton, according to the legal Adineafurement thereof; and for all such Boats which shall not exceed Four Tons by Admeasurement, and which ilialt be f ried and condemned, an Allowance of Forty Shillings per Ton; and for* all Ships, Vessels, and Boats, which, on Account of their Built, Construction, Denomi : ation, or Description, are liable to Forfeiture by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force, or hereafter to be made, and ivl ich shall be liable to be broken up, and which said Ships, Vessels, and Boats, at the Time of the Seizure thereof, shall be found in Ballast or light, an Allowance of Twenty Shillings per Ton, to be paid upon the Condemnation of such Ships, Vessels, and Boats, according to the legal Admeasurement thereof; and all such Allowances shall be in Addition to all oilier Allowances, Sums of Money, or Rewards, to which any such Officers or Persons may be entitled in respect of any such Vessel or Boat.

XIX. ' And Whereas it is expedient to increase certain Rewards now allowed by Law to the Officer*by c whom Prosecutions, although legally commenced in the Name cf His Majesty's Attorney General, may be*carrifd on be it therefore enacted, That instead of the Rewards in those Respects now allowed by Law, in all such Prosecutions, when the lame shall 15c carried on wholly at the Charge of the Crown, the Officer or Officers concerned therein shall be allowed One-fonrth Fart of the Sum or Sums of Money which shall be recovered and paid, either by way of Penalty or Composition, from the Defendant or Defendants; and in all such Prosecutions, when the same shall be carried on wholly at the Charge of the Crown, except the Charge of arrelling or taking the Defendant or Defendants into Custody upon the Sheriffs Warrant, the Officer or Officers concerned therein shall be allowed a Moiety of the Sum or Sums of Money which shall be recovered and paid as aforesaid;

C. 66

215

A.D. 1807. 47° GEORGII III. ScITI 2*

and in all such Prosecutions when the same shall be carried on wholly at the Charge of the Officer or Officers concerned therein, such Officer or Officers shall be allowed Two-thirds of the Sum or Sums of Money which shall be recovered and paid as aforesaid; any Law, Custom, or LTage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding:

Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be deemed or construed to extend to alter, vary, or repeal any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, by which any greater Rewards are allowed to the Officer* of His Majesty's Customs upon Penal Prufccutions, than those allowed by this Act: Provided also, that no such Officer or Officers shall be at Liberty to commence or carry on any Prosecution, Suit, Information, or Action, for the Recovery of any Penalty, or any Share thereof as aforesaid, in any Case, without the Permit*! n and Direction of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England, or any Four of them, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in Scotland, or any Three of them respectively.

XX.*And Whereas by an Act passed in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Fi-rreeuhiinf

the more rfSual Prevention of Smuggling, certain Rewards are granted to Officers of the Revenue, and others R-ua-d* t«

making Seizures of Spirits, Tobacco, or Snuff: And Whereas it is expedient to alter the said Rewards, and

4 to proportion the fame in some Degree to the Activity and Zeal of the Officers, and the Danger and Risque Tobacco*

incurred in making such Seizures 5* be it therefore enacted, That in lieu and instead of the Rewards by the rtl, d s*u»: l.

said Act granted, the Rewards herein after mentioned shall be paid and allowed for and in respect of a 1 Seizures 1 -V-r 4 5 <7. 7.

of Spirits, Tobacco, and Snuff, which shall be made from and after the passing of this Act; that is to say, in c I21* $5 1

the Case of Seizures of Spirits, Tobacco, or Snuff, made at Sea, or in any Port or Harbour, if the Officer of

Customs or Excise, or other Persons making such Seizures, shall also a r re ft, flop, and detain the Persons or

(orr.cur One of them, who shall be or shall have been employed in navigating the Ship, Vessel, or Boat, in or on

board which such Spirit*, Tobacco, or Snuff shall be or shall have been brought, Lund, or seized, or in unlading,

removing, or carrying away such Spirits, Tobacco, or Snuff, and shall take or convey or cause every Person io

arrested, flopped, or detained, to be taken or conveyed before One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace*

to be dealt with according to Law, then and in such Case such Officer of the Customs or Excise, or other Person

so making Seizure of Spirits, Tobacco, or Snuff, shall be entitled to and shall be paid One Moiety of the

Value at which such Spirits, Tobacco, or Snuff shall be or shall have been respectively estimated or fixed, by the

Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three of them, in pursuance of the Powers veiled in

them by the said Act; and in the Case of such Seizures of Spirits, Tobacco, or Snuff, made on Shore, if the

Officer of the Customs or Excise or other Person making the same, shall also flop, arrest, and detain the Persons or some or One of them from whom the same shall be seized, and shall take or carry or cause every Person so

arrested, flopped, or detained, to be taken or carried before One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace*

to be dealt with according to Law, then and in such Case such Officer of the Customs or Excise or other Person

so making Seizure of Spirits, Tobacco, or Snuff, shall be entitled to and shall be paid One Moiety of the full

Value at which such Spit its. Tobacco, or Snuff, shall be or shall have been so eft imated or fixed as aforesaid \

and in the Case of Seizure of Spirits, Tobacco, or Snuff, whether on Sea or on Shore, if the Officer of the

Customs or Excise, or other Person making the same, shall also seize and prosecute, or cause to be prosecuted,

the Ship, Vessel, or Boat, on board of which such Spirits, Tobacco, or Snuff, shall be or shall have been brought, found, or seized, or the Cattle or Carriages used or employed in moving or conveying the fame, but

hull not also flop, arrest, and detain the Persons or some or One of them who shall be or shall have been employed

in navigating the Ship, Vessel, or Boat, in or on board which such Spirits, Tobacco, or Snuff shall be or shall have been brought, found, or seized, or in unlading, removing, or carrying aw ay such Spirits, Tobacco, or

Snuff, or the Persons, or some or One of them from whom the same shall be seized and taken, or carry or cause

ill and every such Persons so flopped, detained, or arrested, to be taken or carried before One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, to be dealt with according to Law, then and in such Case the Officer of the

Cuilomior Excise, or other Person making such Seizure, shall be entitled to and shall be paid only One-third

Part of the Value at which such Spirit*, Tobacco, and Snuff shall be so estimated or fixed as aforesaid 5 and in

case any Officer of Customs or Excise, or other Lcrfon, shall make Seizure of any Spirits, Tobacco, or Snuff,

and shall neither seize and prosecute or cause to be prosecuted the Ship, Vessel, Boat, Cattle, or Carriage, in or

on board which such Spirits, Tobacco, and Snuff shall be, or shall have been brought, found, or seized, or

which shall be used or employed in removing or conveying the fame, nor shall flop, arreil, and detain the Persons,

or some or One of them, who shall be or Hull have been employed in navigating the Ship, Vessel, or Boat, in

or on board which such Spirits, Tobacco, or Snuff shall be or shall have been brought, found, or seized, or in

unlading, removing, or carrying such Spirits, Tobacco, or Snuff, or from whom the same shall be lcized or

taken, or shall not carry and convey, or cause all and every such Persons so arrested, flopped, or detained before

One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, then and in such Case the Officer of the Cuilomsor Excise,

or other Person making such Seizure, shall be entitled to and shall be paid only One fourth Part of the Value at

which such Spirits, Tobacco, or Snuff shall be so estimated or fixed as aforesaid.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any such Officer or Officers or other Person or Officer* Ceh\ng

Persons as aforesaid, shall, upon the Seizure of any Goods whatever liable to Forfeiture by any Act or Acts of Cut*, &c. u, ^a Parliament relating to the Revenue of Cuiloms or Excise, also lcize the Carts, Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, shew Coiidrm-mrJeufcof in the removing, carriage, or conveyance of any such Goods, and the same shall be condemned, inch p]n|Crtnr/lled

Officer or Officers or other Person or Persons, in every such Case, shall be entitled to Three-fourths of the Net i: , e net*

Proceeds of such Carts, Horses, Cattle, and Carriages respectively, after all Charges attending the Prosecution Proceeds,

«nd Sale thereof shall be deducted.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if in any or either of the aforesaid Cases it shall appear Commissioner* to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Customs or Excise in Lngland or Scotland respectively, whose Officer Curtoimor fiull have been present at and concerned in the making of any Seizure of Spirits, Tobacco, and Snuff, or to

9 whose'W

21 5

s

fc-»r)'pd rnny jp v.vcl Officers n t ale of Relcue, -&C.

J)tftribution of Rewards to Army (citing or aiding ip Sciruie«, may J'c rogula'ed by H«s "Majeiiv ia 1 Council.

Dcener* for ceil tin Snips,

Vrfids, and E tats, under 24 G. 3. c. 47. Sec. shall be jjiarnrd in fuUite by the Cornmif-lioners of the Customs in Engl nid* "Sc>i)jndf

and ire hind, and not by the JLouIn of ine Aduw ally.

"Licences shall be granled without Expence.

tnalry on Eersons counterfeiting, crafing Sic. Licence,

500l.

If a licensed Ship or Boat be Jolt, broken up, &c. the Licence shall be given up within

Twelve Months.

Penalty Sol. to loot.

C. 6u. 47° GEORGII III. Se(T. 2. A.D. 1807.

whose Warehouse the same shall have hern brought, that the Officer or other Pcvfon making such Seizure was prevented from fei ring the Ship, Vessel, Boat, Cattle, or Carriage in which the fame was brought, found or seized, or removed or conveyed, or from arresting or detaining any such Person or Persons so liable to be arrested or detained as aforesaid, by Force or Violence, or that such Ship, Vessel, Boat, Cattle, Carriage, or Persons, were or was refeued by Force and Violence, and that such Officer or other Person used his utmost Endeavour* to seize, detain, and secure such Ship, Vessel, Boat, Cattle, Carriage, and Person or Persons, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Customs and Excise reipefhvely, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to direct, that such Officer or other Person shall be paid any Sum not exceeding One Moiety of the full Value of which such Spirits, Tobacco, or Snuff shall be so estimated or fixed as aforeCaidj any Thing in this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, in "all Cases of Seizures made by any Officers, or Warrant or Non-commissioned Officers or Privates of His Majesty's Army, and also in all Cases of any Officers or Warrant or Non-commissioned Officers or Privates, who shall aid or affiff any Officer of Customs or Excite in the making or securing or guarding of any Seizures, it shall be lawful for His Majesty in Council to direct and provide in what Manner and in what Proportions the said Rewards, given by this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Revenues of Customs or Excise, or passed for the Prevention of Smuggling, shall be divided or distributed amongst the Commissioned and Warrant and Non commissioned Officers and Privates actually making, or aiding or affitting in making of the Seizure, and the Commissioned Officer, and Warrant and Non commissioned Officers and Privates of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps to which the Person* actually making, or aiding or affitting in the making the Seizure, shall belong, any Thing in tins or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXIV. And Whereas by an Act of Parliament passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and by several other Acts, certain Ships, Vessels, and Boats, therein particularly mentioned and

described, are, in certain Cases, subject to Forfeiture, unless the Owners thereof shall have a Licence for f navigating the fame, from the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners of the Admiralty

for the Time being, or some Person authorized by them to grant the fame 5 and it is expedient that such

Licences should in future be granted only by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England and 1 Scotland and Ireland respectively; be it therefore enacted, That no Licence for the Navigation of any such Slrp, Vessel, or Boat shall, from and after the patting of th: s A<B, be granted by the Commissioners of the Admiralty for the Time being, or any Person authorized by them to grant the fame; but that in every Case where by the Laws in force, on and immediately before the passing of this Act, or by virtue or in pursuance of tins ACi, the Owner or Owners of any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, are required to have a Licence for the Navigation thereof, the fame, unless granted before the passing of this Act, by or under the Authority of the Commissioners of the Admiralty, shall be granted by the Commissioners of the Customs in England, Scotland, and Ireland respectively, or any Three 01 them; and the Ships, Vessels, and Boats io licensed by the said Commissionert respctV'vcly by virtue of this Act, shall be subject and liable to all the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, to which Ships, Vessels, and Boats licensed by the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners of the Admiralty, or by Persons authorized by them, were respectis'ely subject and liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act; and the Owner or Owners of every Ship, Vessel, or Boat licensed in pursuance of this Act, shall also be subject and liable to the like Securities, Penalties, and Forfeitures, to which the Owner or Owners of any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, so heretofore required to be licensed by the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, the Commissioners of the Admiralty, or by Persons authorized by them, were subject and liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes as if the said Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Securities, Penalties, and Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all Licences required under any of the Provisions of this Act, shall be granted without any Stamp, or Fee or Reward, or any Payment whatever, by the Person requiring the same.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall counterfeit, erase, alter, orfalfify, or Cause to be counterfeited, erased, altered, or falsified, any Licence which has been granted by the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or by the Commissioners of the Admiralty for the Time being, or by any Person authorized by them to grant such Licence, or which shall, in pursuance of this Act, be granted by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England, Scotland, or Ireland, respectively, or any Three of them for the Time being, or shall knowingly or wilfully make use of any Licence so counterfeited, erased, altered, or falsified, such Person or Persons shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any licensed Ship, Vessel, or Boat, shall be loft, broken up, captured, burnt, seized, and condemned, fold or otherwise disposed of, the Licence which shall have been granted for the same shall be delivered up to the Collector of the Customs at the Port to which such Ship, Vessel, or Boat shall belong, within Twelve Calendar Months from the Time such Ship, Vessel, or Boat shall be so loft, broken up, captured, burnt, seized, and condemned, fold, or otherwise disposed of; or in case of the said Licence being loll or taken by the Enemy, satisfactory Proof thereof on Oath shall be, within the same Period, made before the Collector or Comptroller of such Port, which Oath they are hereby authorized and required to administer; and in case such Licence shall not be produced and so delivered up, and no such Proof shall be made within such Per od as aforesaid, the Owner or Owners, and also the Matter of such Ship Vessel, or Boat, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Twenty Ponncs, if such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, is under the Burthen of Fifteen Tons, and Fifty Pounds if of the burthen of Fifteen Tons and under One hundred and fifty Tons, and One hundred Pounds if of the Burthen of One hundred and fifty Tons or upwards.

A.D. 1807. 470 GEORGII III. Sefl*. 2.

C. 66.

217

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases after the passing of this Act, when any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, so licensed in pursuance of the said recited Acts or of thisA6L shall be seized for any Cause of Forfeiture, by any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Customs or Excise, or by any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Army, Navy, or Marines, authorized by Law, to seize the fame, and any Bond taken for the said Ship or Vessel, or Boat, where any Bond shall have hern taken, shall be put in Suit, and the Penalty thereof recovered, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England, Scotland) or Ireland, respectively, and they are hereby authorized and required, to pay unto the Officer or Officers making Seizure of such Ship, Veflll, or Boat, One-half Part of the Sum recovered from the Obligor or Obligors of such Bonds, free from all Costs and Charges of Suit.

XXIX. 4 And Whereas, by an Act made in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, it was, among other Things enacted, That it should be lawful for the Fords t orrunitUoners of His Majesty's T re a fury of Great 1 I; : f iin or Ireland respectively, or any Three of them, and they are thereby authorized to direct any Spirits

that shall be teized and condemned as forfeited under any Law or Laws relating to the Revenue ot Customs ' or Excise, to be again diitiiled, if the lame shall be deemed proper and necessary for the Put-pole of bringing the same to a proper Strength, and also to direct such Spirits, either before or after such Distillation, as they shall see fit, and also any Tobacco or Snuff that shall be so firized and condemned as aforesaid, to he delivered 1 to the Care of the Commissioners for victualling His Majesty's Navy, or if in Ireland, to any Agent employed by them for the ftipplying of His Majesty's Navv, or to cause any such Spirits, Tobacco, or Snuff to be dcltroyed, as shall, under the Circumstances, appear to them moll conducive to the Protection of the Revenue: And Whereas it is expedient to make such further Provision as is herein after mentioned be it therefore further enafWd, That so much of the said recited Provisions of the said Act, as relates to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of Ireland, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed; and it shall he lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of Great Britain or Ireland respectively, or any Three of them, and they are hereby authorized to direct any such Spirits, Tobacco, or Snuff to be sold, either for Home Consumption cr Exportation, if it shall, under all the Circumstances, appear to them most conducive to the Protection of the Revenue so to do.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Warrant or other Non-commissioned Officer, not being below the Rank of a Serjeant in the Army, who shall be approved of by the Officer for the Time being commanding the Regiment in which he serves, as proper and qualified for the Service, to patrol with any Number of Soldiers under his Command, for the Purpose of preventing illicit Pracliees on the Revenue, and to seize, without having any Deputation or Commission from the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs or Excise for that Purpose, any Vessel or Boat, or Cart or Carriage, or Cattle, or any Goods or Commodities, or Articles or Things whatever, which shall be subject to Forfeiture by this or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in force for any Offence against the Revenue of Customs or Excise: Provided always, that such Warrant or other Non-commissioned Officer, on the making of any such Seizure, shall bring or cause the same to be brought, without Lois of Time or unnecessary Delay, to His Majesty's Warehouse at the nearcfl Custom House to which such Seizure can conveniently be brought, and there lodge and deposit the fame in the Cullody and under the Charge and Care of the proper Officer of the Customs, in case the Seizure shall be made under any Act for fee 11 ring the Revenue of Customs, or in the Custody and under the Charge and Care of the proper Officer of Excise, in case it shall be made under any Act for teem ing the Revenue of Excise, and shall in all reipeds, in regard to the Prosecution or Delivery of any such Seizure, conform to all and each and every of tilt* Rules, Regulations, and Reftticlions, to which the Officers of His Majesty's Customs and Excise are now, in case of such Seizures, made by them respectively subject; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXI. And be it fmther enacted, That in cile any Sait, whether Foreign or British, shall be exported from tin* Rhnds of Guernsey, d crfey, Alderney, or Sari, or either 01 them, or shall be removed by Sea from any one Part to any other Part of either of the ibid lllands. or shall be put on board any Ship, Vessel, or Boat whatever, it order to be 10 removed or carried, otherwise than in Bulk or Calks containing Four hundred Weight Net of Brit, except only such Salt as may be for the ncecfTary Provisions of such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, or lor the Ufc di the Seamen, not exceeding Two Pounds Weight for each Man, to be (lowed openly nr.d fairly in such Ship, YcffJ, or Boat; or in case any Pepper shall he exported from the said I (lands, or either of them, or fnrJl be removed by Sea from any one Part to any other Part of the fame, or shall be put on board any Ship, Vessel, or Boat whatever, other than such Quant tv as may be necessary for the life of the Sermon, in order to be so removed, in Calks not containing Four hundred Weight Net of Pepper, all such Suit and Pepper, with the Packages contain ng the lame, and also the Ship \ 1 (LI, or Boat on bc; ud of which any such Salt or Pepper may be found, shall, together with the Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel be forfeited, and Ibeil and may be feezed by any Officer or Officers of LI is Majesty's Army, Navy, or Marines, or of the Customs or Excise

XXXII. And be it further enacted and declared, That all the Powers, Provision*, Clauses, and Indemnities contained in an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling, relating to the chncing, bringing to, and firing and (hooting at or into any Ship or Vessel, liabP to Seizure and Examination, under any Law or Laws relating to the Revenue, shall extend ai.d be confirmed to extend to authorize and empower any Captain, Mailer, or other Person, having at the Tire bring the Charge or Command of any Cutter or Viliel in the Service of His Majesty. or of the Customs or Excile, to chace, bring-to, fire, and (hoot at or into, ail Ships, Ycflels, and Boats, made liable to Seizure or Examination by or under any Act or Acts of Pa.hamei t now in force, or which may hereafter be passed in riktion to the Revenue of Customs or Excise, or for the Prevention of Smuggling, or this Act, as fully and

n*7 Geo. III. 1 f effectually

Halfthe Penalties recovered under any Licence. Bord l)iall he paid the Qifieer fcirtnj.

Treasury rmy

Hitcct 1-ized Spirits, Tu*mcc<*, 01 Soud, to i»c I old ciu.tr I , r Home Cm-

fumpti »ii or Expo. iati». 1.

r^4> c. 3.

c. izi. $ 15.J

Warrant or Non-

commission.cd OrtLers of Army

authorized to I'cize Goods,

V1 ire Is, &c. without Wan ant from Commissioners of Custom» or Excise, and ti carry them to the nearest Custom House, &c.

In wlut

package*, &c.

S. !r and Pepper shal; he exported from G Lici nfry,

Ac.

Powers of 240.3. c. 47.

as to Cnaf/ig and fi: ing at Vt ti c Is, citenoed to Vt 1* seizable l.ndc*r mis and all other and fuLUquctii Act*.

2i$ C. 66

4i G. 3. c. 81* f. 6. &c. repealed.

Except a* to

Penalties

incurred.

Person* making Signals by Fire, ice. by Nigbton c»r within >i* Miles c f the Cu.vft of Great Hriuin to Smugglers, declared guilty of a Mildcmca-meaner, and may be carried before a Jull ice of the Peace, who may commit them in the Atlizes* icC.

Penalty on Conviction loci, rr One Year's Impi ilonment.

Proof of Purpose of making Fires,

ih ill lie Oil

Defendant,

How Persons appre tended for Offences against this Act or 42 G. c. 82. or 4s G j. c.ize shall be bailed by lull ice s of the

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. A.D. 1807.

effectually as if the fame were herein repeated and re-enacted; and all such Ships, Vessels, and Boats, a* are by this Act or any other Act made pliable to Seizure or Examination, may be brought to for the Purpose of Examination.

XXXIII. 4 And Whereas an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled, An Act to alter, amend, and render more effectual an Act, made in the Twenty fourth Tear of the Rena of Bis present Majesty, for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in Great Britain; whereby it was among/l 4 other Things enacted, that if any Personshall after Sun-fct and before Sunrise, between the Twenty-firtl

Day of September and the First Day of April, or after the Hour of Eight in the Evening and before the Hour of Six in the Morning, between the said Day of March and the Twenty-second Day of September, make or aid,

or a/fi/fc in the making, or be present for the Purpose of aiding and affixing in making any Light, Fire, or

Blaze, or any Signal by Smoke or by Rockets, Fireworks, Flags, firing of Guns or other Fire Arms, or any other Contrivance or Device, on or from any Part of the Coast or Shores of Great Britain, for the Purpose of making or giving any Signal to any Person or Persons on board any Smuggling Ship, Vessel, or Boat, or any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, hovering or found, or discoverecl to have been within any Limits or Distaaces mentioned in the said Acts or any former Acct or Acts, passed for the Prevention of Smuggling, such Person shall for each and every Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Ore hundred Pounds: And Whereas the 0 said recited Clause, and the several Ruler, Regulations, and Provi/ioits in the said Act contained, for convicting and puiiishing Persons guilty of Offences, created by the said recited Clause, have been found not to answer the good Purposes thereby intended, and it is therefo e expedient to repeal the fame, and in lieu thereof to make such Provisions as are in that Behalf herein after mentioned be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the said recited Clause, and the said several Rules, Regulations, and Provisions, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed, save and except in all Cases relating to any Offence or Offences which shall be or shall have been committed contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act, or to the Recovery of any Fine or Penalty, Fines or Penalties, which shall be or shall have been incurred under

or by virtue of the said Act, at any Time or Times before or on the said passing of this Act.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act r.o Person or Persons shall*

after Sunset and before Sunrise, between the Twenty-first Day of September and the Fir/l Day of April, or after the Hour of Eight in the Evening and before the Hour of Six i: i the Morning, between the last Day of March and the Twenty-second Day of September, make, or aid or assist in the making, or be present for the Purpose of aiding or assisting in the making any Light, Fire, Flafh, or^Blazc, or any Signal by Smoke, or by any Rocket, Fireworks, Flags, firing of any Gun or other Fire Arms, or any other Contrivance or Device in or on board, or from any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, or on or from any Fart of the Coast: or Shores of Great Britain, or within Six Miles of any Part of such Coall or Shores, for the Purpose of making or giving any

Signal to any Person or Persons on board any Smuggling Ship, Vessel, or Boat, whether such Person or Persons so on board of such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, be or be not within Sight or Distance, to fee or hear any such Light, Fire, Flafh, Blaze, or Signal; and if any Person or Persons shall, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, make or cause to b< made or aid or afiilT in the making, or be present for the Purpose of aiding or aififting in making any such Light, Fire, Flaih, Blaze, or Signal, such Person or Persons so offending shall be guilty of a Misdemeanor; and it shall be lawful for any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, or any other Person or Persons to flop, arrest, and detain the Person or Persons, who shall so make or aid, or a/fift in the making, or who shall be present. for the Purpose of aiding or a/filling in making any such Light, Fire, Flafh, Blaze, or Signal, and to carry and convey such Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid before any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, residing near to the Place where such Offence shall be committed, who, if he or they fee Cause, shall commit the Offender or Offenders to the next County Gaol, there to remain until the next Court of Oyer and Terminer, Great Session or Gaol Deliver}', or until such Person or Persons shall be delivered by due Courst of Law; and in case an Indictment shall be found or Information filed against him or them, lie or they shall forthwith plead thereto, and shall be tried thereon, without having Time to traverse tlu* fame, as is usual in Cases of Mifdcmeunors; an d it shall not be necessary to prove in any such Indictment or Information, that any Ship, VefiW, or Boat was adur.lly hovering or off the Coast or Shore, or found ordifeovered to have been within any Limits or Distances mentioned in this Act, or any Act or Acts passed for the Prevention o; Smuggling; and the Offender or Offenders being duly convicted thereof, shall, by Order of the Court before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, cither forfeit and pav the Penalty or Forfeiture of One hundred Pounds, or, at the Diicrction of such Court, be sentenced to or committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Term not exceeding One Year.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons be charged with, or ividided for having made or can fed to be made, or been aiding or aififting in making, or been present for the Purpose osso making or aiding, or assisting in making, or giving any such Light, Fire, Flafh, Blaze, or Signal as aforesaid, the Burthen of Proof that such Light, Fire, Fkrih, Blaze, Ncife, or other Thing so charged as haring been made with Intent and for the Purpose of giving (uci> Signal as aforehud, was not made with such Intent and Purpose, shall be upon the Defendant agdiuft whom such Charge is made or such Indictment is found.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That when any Person or Persons shall be arrested and taken before any One or more of His Majestys Justices of the Peace in (treat Britain, for any* Offence against this Act, or against the said Acts passed in the Forty-second and Forty fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, such Person or Persons shall in no calc be admitted to Bail, unless he, she, or they shall first enter into a Recognizance with Two sufficient Sureties to His Majesty, 11 is Heirs and Sticcessors, in the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and the said Sureties in the Sum of One hundred Pounds each, with Condition that such Person or Persons shall appear at the then next ensuing Court of Oyer and Terminer, General Gaol Delivery, or Great Session, or

General

All Person* authorized to enter L»nd>, a*d rxtinguish StjmaL by Fire,

Ci c.

Averment that ibf Comnvfji-oners oi Culiomi oi Excise hjd their Option m (he Kecoveiy if JVn^Jiio nrdrr 4 r (r.; r. til. ( futFicivnt Pi oof oi I*.cir Determination.

General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to beholden for the County or Place where such Offender or Offenders shall be arrested or taken, to answer and plead to any Indictment or Indictments which may be found at such Court of Oyer arid Terminer and Gaol Delivery, or Great Session, or Quarter Session, for such Miidemc: ti*jr; tnd such Recognizance shall be forthwith transmitted to the Clerk of AfL/.e, or other proper Office: of ti e Court of Oyer and Terminer, Gaol Delivery, or Great Session respectively, or to the Clerk of the Pet.ce ior i.; clt County or Place as aforesaid. as in the respective Cases may be proper.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for any Person whatsoever to put out and extinguiftt any such Light, Fire, or Blaze, or any Smoke, Signal, Rocket,

Firework, or other Contrivance or Device, so made as aforesaid, and to enter and go into and upon any Lands for that Purpose, without being liable or subject to any Indictment, Suit, cr Action for the same.

XXXVlil. 4 And Whereas by the said Acti passed in the Forty-fifth Year of the Kei , a of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more cjfrdital Prevention of Smuggling! it was, amongst other Things, enacted,

1 That every Person, being a Subject of His Majesty, who mould be found or taken on board, or discovered to

have been on board any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, liable to Forfeiture, who Should not prove that he was only a ' Passenger on board such Shij), Vessel, or Boat; and every Person found aiding or addling in unmipping to be laid on Land, or found carrying; , conveying, concealing, or assist ingin the carrying, conveying, or concealing

any Foreign Brandy, Rum, Geneva, or Spirits subject to Forfeiture under the said Act, o. any Law or Act

relating to the Revenue of Customs or Excise in tin* United Kingdom, should forfeit for every fur.h Offence

cither Treble the Value of the Goods that should be found or taken from such Person or Persons, cr the Sum of One hundred Pounds, at the Option and subject to the Election and Discretion oi tin Comirdfioners of Customs or Excise respectively, who should direct any Prosecution or Suit to be commenced agaiuil any such Person: And Whereas Offenders against the f.iid Act have escaped by reason of the Neccfiiiy of giving or adducing legal Evidence, that the said Comrui (Turners of Customs or Excise respectively had made tHcir Option

or Election, ore.vercifed their Dilerelion to fuc for the said Penalty of Treble the Vahieof the Goods found or 1 taken from such Person or Persons, or the Sum of One hundred Pounds; be it therefore further enacted,

Thatfron) and after the passing of this Act the Statement, Allegation, or Averment of the Fad, that the said Commissioners of the Customs or Excise respectively had made such Option or Election, orcxercifed such Difcrc-tion, in the Information or Complaint for the Recovery of such Penalty, shall be, and shall be deemed and taken to be, sufficient Evidence to found or warrant a Conviction on such Information or Complaint, without any other or further Evidence of the Fa6t, that the said Commissioner3 of Customs or Excise effectively had made such Option or Election, or c.vercifed such Discretion,

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That every such Penalty of One hundred Pounds, by the fair] recited Act of the Forty-fifth Year aforesaid imposed, may be sued for and prosecuted at any Time within One Year after the Offence shall have been committed, and may be recovered either by Information or otherwise in His Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Wcjhninsler, and levied as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, or levied under any Act or Acts made for the securing the Revenue of Customs, or by Information before any Two of the Justices of the Peace for the County wherein such Offence or Offences as aforesaid shall or may be committed, or of the County into which any such Offender or Offenders shall be brought; and Two third Parts of every such Penalty shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the remaining One-third Part to the Person who shall inform, discover, or lue for the same.

XL. Prov.ded always, and be it further enacted, That when any Person or Persons shall be prosecuted in His Majesty's Court of King's Bench in England for any Offence against this Act, or either of the said recited Acts of the Forty-second or Forty-fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, such Proceedings may be had with respect to such Person or Persons as may be now had by virtue of an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for making further Provision for effectual Performance of tyiaranl'inty with respect to Persons prosecuted in the said Court for Offences committed against the said Act.

King', B^ncii .u under 45

XLI. And be it further enacted, That every Officer of the Customs or Excise, or of the Army, Navy, or Marines, detaining and convicting any Person or Persons, liable to be detained or prosecuted under an Act passed in the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Prevention of Smuggling, shall be allowed such Sum of Money for such Person, not exceeding Twenty Pound*, as the Coir.missioners of ITis Majesty's Customs and Excise in England or Scotland respectively, shall in their Discretion think (it.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Officer or Seaman, employed in the Service of the Customs or Excise, shall be killed, maimed, or wounded in the due Execution of this Act, or any otK r Ad relating to the Revenues of Customs or Excise, or passed for the Prevention of Smuggling, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Customs and Excise in England, Scotland, or Ireland respectively, to make such Provision for every such Officer or Seaman so maimed or wounded, or for the Widows and Families of such as shall be killed, is they shall be authorized and empowered to do by Warrant from the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissionert of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being.

XLIII. 4 And Whereas by the Laws now in force, on Prosecutions before the Justices of the Peace, for

Penalties under the Laws relating to the Revenue of Customs in England and Scotland, such Justices are in

certain Palps

Penaltiet of icoi. under 45 G. L c. 121.

) 7 rniy lie ccovcicd ct: h<u' in ti.c Eachiquer or .if (^uartcf

Sc III jll*.

1 Payment of the full Penalties in which they shall have been convicted, after deducting the Sums which may have been paid on such Conviction and Mitigation, in case they shall at any Time, within Three Years from the*Date of such Conviction, be again convicted of any other Offence against the Revenue Laws; be it therefore father enacted, That in all Cases where any Person shall be couvi&eu of any Offence as aforesaid, before the

Ffa Court

Perfbm may We

profccured for Ortences ag.itnft this Act, w 42 G, 3. c. 8s. or 45G 3. c. 121* in (he Court of G. 3. c. io-^41. For rew^rdioj Ofbctis detuning Pc loni under 45 G. > f. 121.^7.

Oflfie* rv and Seamen in the Sei vice of the Cnltorm or Exci: c, if Wourded, or their F.'rn lies, if killed, shall be provided for.

On Mi*igati'.'O of P^n*l\ie», under the Rt ve-ri'ie Laws by ihe te- S«

<.r Jiid.tCj out nr rf.ey

nuy rrQuii e Odt »oe»*» ei.te*

Iv % coj; nii<»ce

220

fjr Payment of the full Penalty* in care they be again convitUd wi.nin Tmee VtMis of another OtfVnre.

On F -ifciiure of R cognizance Pe alty may be levied by

D.ilrcfs, &c.

Justices of Peace empoweted to tak*Cognizance of Offences against Customs and Eiccifc on the High Sews.

Customs' Penalties, and Seizures maybe recovered and applied as under former Custom Acts.

Recovery and Application of Penalties of Excile.

Penalty on Persons offering Bribes, Uc. t > Oriicers of Army, Navy, or Marine*, icch

BwedilhHenirgs m«y be imported into Great B' train in JJri i(h Vessels.

A Dr.ty of 6s.7*i per Barre< shall be paid.

C. 6S, 67., 47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. A.D. 1807.

Court of Quarter Sessions, or before any Justice or Justices of the Peace out of Session, and such Court, or Justice or Justices, shall mitigate the Penalty or Penalties incurred, it shall be lawful for such Court of Quarter Sessions, or Justice or Justices 01 the Peace, and they are respectively hereby required to t^ke a Recognizance from the Offender <>r Offenders, in Double the Amount of the Sum in which he, she, or they may have been convicted, which Recognizance or Recognizances shall be given to His Majesty, His Heirs and Succt (Tors, with Condition that if such Offender or Offenders shall at any Time, within Three Years from the Date of such Conviction, be again convicted of any Offence against any Law now in force or hereafter to be made, relative to the Revenue of Customs or Excise, that such Offender or Offenders shall forfeit and pay to His Majesty the Amount of the Sum or Sums in which lie, (he, or they may have been convicted, after deducting the Sum or Sums paid according to such Mitigation as aforesaid; and in every Case where such Recognisance or Recognizances shall become forfeited, it shall be lawful for the said Court, or any Justice or Justices of the Peace, by Warrant, to apprehend such Offender or Offenders; and in case he, she, or they shall not forthwith pay the Sum or Sums, according to such Recognizance or Rtcogni/arces, to levy the same upon the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, or to commit such Offender or Offenders to Gaol, there to remain for the Space of Twelve Months, or until such Sum or Sums shall be paid.

XLIV. 4 And Whereas Doubts have arisen whether such Justices of the Peace enn take Cognizance of*Offences and of Forfeitures committed or ariffng on the High Seas, and without the Limits of the County, r City, Town, or Place, of and in which they shall or do act as such Justices of the Peace; be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, in a 1 Cases in which any Justice or Justices of the Peace are empowered to take Cognizance of any Offence, or of any Forfeiture in this Act, or in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Revenue of Customs or Excise, it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Town, or Place, within wdiich the Port or flaee into which any Ship, Vessfl, Boat or Goods, or any Person or Persons shall be taken, brought, or earned, under any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Revenue of Customs or Excise, shall be situated, to take Cognizance of such Offence or Offences committed against the said Act or this Act, or such Forfeiture or Forfeitures, as if the fame Offence or Offences had been committed, or the fame Forfeiture or Forfeitures had by.en incurred on Land, within the said respective Jurisdictions of such Justices.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, created or imposedby this Act, and which shall be sued for or prosecuted under or by virtue of the Order or permission of the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively, or by any Officer or Officers of the Customs, shall and may (where not otherwise directed by this Act) be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of, in*such Manner, and by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Fines or Penalties incurred, or any Goods or Vessels forfeited for any Offence against the Laws of Customs, may now legally be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures created or imposed by this Act of Parliament, and which shall be prosecuted or sued for by Ord'r of the Commissioners of Excile in Begins J or Scotland respectively, or by any Officer or Officers of Excise, shall, except where otherwise specially directed by this Act, be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such Ways, Mean9, or Methods, as any Fine* Penalty, or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by any Lw or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or i-i the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that One Half of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, where not otherwise directed by this Act, shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Half (where not otherwise directed by this Act) to him, her, or them who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

XLVIE And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatever shall give, offer, or proiaifeto give any Bribe, Recompence, or Reward to, or make any colluiive Agreement with, any Commissioned or Non-commissioned or Warrant Officer of His Majesty's Army, Navy, or Marines, to do, conceal, or connive at any Act by which His Majesty might be defrauded in His Revenue of Customs and Excise, whether any such Bribe or Offer shall have been accepted or not, every such Person or Persons shall Lr each and even' such Offence forfeit the Sum »; f One hundred Pounds

Act may be altered this Session, §48.

CAP. LXVII.

An Act to permit, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, the Importation of Sicedjjb Herrings into Great Britain. [jjth August lSey.]

I IE REAS it is expedient to permit, for a limited Time, the Importation of SwedJ/j Herrings into.

4* Great Britain in British Ships, or in Ships belonging to Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity

with His Majesty, and navigated in any Manner whatever, in order to the Exportation of the lame to the British Colonies and Plantations in the JVtjl Indies be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, and until the End of the next Session of Parliament, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whatever to import into Great Britain from any Port or Place in Sweden, in any British Ship or Vessel, and navigated according to Law, any Herrings caught and cured on any of the Coasts of Sweden; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding: Provided always, tha^ upon the Importation of the said Herrings, a due Entry thereof shall be made with the proper Officers of the Customs, and there shall be paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, a Duty of Customs upon each and every Barrel of such Herrings, containing Thirty-two Gallons, the Sum of Six Shillings and Sevca-pence, to be appropriated and applied to consolidated Customs j and such Herrings shall thereupon be lodged

3

221

A.D. 1807. 47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. 0.67, 68.

nd deposited in such Warehouse or Warehouses in Great Britain as shall from Time to Time be for that Purpose 5iU-h Wrrr'pS* provided, at the Charge of the Importer, Proprietor, or Consignee of such Herrings, and approved of by the iH ruicred

Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in London, or by the Collector and Comptroller, or Principal Officers to

of the Customs at any Out Port of Great Britain, and shall remain in such Warehouses under the Locks of me Wtil indie*, the Crown, and such Importer, Proprietor, or Consignee, for the Purpose of being exported, on due Entry being first made, to any of His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations nTthe West Indies, and for no other Purpose whaioever; and the Lid Duty shall be paid in such and the like Manner, and under such and the like Rules,

Regulations, and Restrictions, as any Duty on any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, is by the Laws in force pu.d; and that all the Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures applicable thereto by any Act or Acts of Parliament,

shall be extended to the Purposes of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents a.id Purposes, as if the Line were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act* and made Part thereof.

CAP. LXVIII.

An Act for the better Government of the Settlements of Fort Saint George and Bombay 5 for the

Regulation of Public Banks; and for amending so much of an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the Periovls at which the Civil Servants of the Fiji India Company maybe employed in their Service Abroad.

[13th August 1807.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Governor in Council of Fort Saint George, and the Governor i: i 1^Council of Bombay, respectively, in the East Indies, shall have the fame Powers for the Government of the Towns of Madras and Bombay respectively, and the Countries within the Order and Management of 1 the said Governors in Council respectively, as are now vested in the Governor General in Council of Fort William in Bengal, for the Government of the Settlement of Fort William, aid the Countries immediately subordinate to the said Presidency of Fort William; and that such Provisions as are herein after contained,

should be made in relped of Students educated at the College established in England, by the East India Company, for the Education of Persons intended for their Civil Service abroad; and also, that Provision

should be made to prevent any Doubts arising as to the legal Establishment of Banks, with Corporate

Rights, in the East Indies; and that all the Servants of the said United Company should be empowered to

subscribe to, and become Members of such Banks; ' may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be

enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Governor in Council of Fort Saint George, Governors in

and the said Governor in Council of Bombay, from Time to Time, respecting Ordinances, to make, Council at

frame, and issue, such Rules and Regulations, for the good Order and Civil.Government of the Towns Madras and of Madras and Bombay respectively, arid of the said Company's Settlements at Fort Saint George and

Bombay, and other Factories and Places subordinate or to be subordinate thereto respectively, and to let, the pood*

inpose, infliil, and levy such reasonable Fines and Forfeitures, and to order and appoint such moderate and Order of ti.ofe

rrr.fonabie Corporal Punishment for the Breach or Non-observance of any such Rules, Ordinances, or Regula- Towns and

tions, as the Governor General in Council of Fort Wiliam in Bengal may now lawfully make, frame, and blue, Dependencies;

for the good Order and Civil Government of the said Company's Settlement at Fort William aforesaid, and

other Factories and Places subordinate or to be subordinate thereto; but, nevert'ncless, such Rules, Ordinances,

a: d Regulations to be made by the said Governor in Council of Fort Saint George shall not be valid, or of any

Force or unt the fame shall be duly registered and published in the Supreme Court of Judicature of Fort

Sint George aforesaid, in like Manner, and within such Time as the Rules, Ordinances, and Regulations to be which shall be

made by the Lid Governor General in Council of Fort William aforesaid, are, by any Act or Acts now in

force, required to be registered in the Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William aforesaid; nor shall the 'c url*'

Ruta, Ordinances, or Regulations, to be made by the Governor i.i Council of Bombay, be valid, or of any

Force or Effect, until the same shall be duly registered and published in the Court of the Recorder of Bombay,

i*I ke Manner, and within such Time as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That all such Rules, Ordinances, and Regulations so to be made, as to

aforesaid, shall be subject, in all respects, to the like Power of Appeal, and to all the like Regulations and u"^er

Provisions as are mentioned and contained in an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present &^q Majesty, intituled, An Act for ejlabljling certain Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs of the c. 79.

East India Company, as well in India as in Eurapt; and in an Act, made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of the Reign of plis present Majesty, intituled, An Act for establishing further Regulations for the (j'Atrnment of the British Territories in India, and the better Idministration of Jujliee within the same, as to the Rules, Ordinances, and Regulations therein respectively authorized to be made by the said Governor General in Council, as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for the Governor in Council at CmmcT^t'"

Bombay aforesaid, to frame Regulations, from Time to Time, for the Provincial Courts and Councils within the may

Territories and Provinces which now are, or shall at any Time hereafter be (and while the same shall so be) n.wnc Rcguia-annexedtoor made subject to the said Presidency, in like Maimer, and subject to all the Regulations, Provisions, t"»ns for

and Confirmations, touching the fame, as the Governor General in Council at Fort William aforesaid are, by £^'ucwl

any Ad nowin force, authorized and empowered to do for the better Administration of Justice among the 0

native Inhabitants, and others, being within the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Qriffa. Gwerno sand

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Governor and Members of the Council for the Time being of Fort

Saint George, and the Governor and Members of the Council for the Time being of Bombay, respectively, shall Council at

C. 68.

Madras anrl Bombay may as Juil tees of the Peace for i he said Tim'd*

S-t'r) Governors an ! C -vi: k il may liVtK Co jmiiffi> ns h r ap^.iuring Just»ccs oi Tcacc* U-ill. in the rri'pedi ive piefidcncics and Placei fuijurduuic thereto.

So much of 35 G. 3. c. 51.

I 51. as enables Ihe Governor General in Council at Fort William to appoint Just «ces of Peace f n the Presidentus at Madras and Bombay, or to fnpeilede loch

Com.ruiTions,

repealed.

Period* of Rchdcoce neecflaiy to : 6ll up Vacancies Under 330.3.

C. 5'.. §57.

rtured.

470 GEORGII III. Sess. 2. A.D. 1807.

and may, and they are hereby respectively declared to be, and to have full Power and Authority to act as Justice of the Peace for the said Towns of Madras and Bombay respectively, and for the several Settlements, and Factories subordinate thereto respectively, and to do and trarifact all Matters and Things which to the Office of a Justice or Justices of the Peace do belong and appertain; and for that Purpose the said Governor 2nd Council of Fort Saint George, and the said Governor and Council of Bombay, are hereby respectively authorized and empowered to hold Quarter Sessions within the said Settlements of Fort Saint George and Bombay aforesaid respectively, Four Times in every Year, and the same shall respectively be, at all Times, Courts of Record.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Governor in Council of Fort Saint George, and the Governor in Council of Bombay respectively, for the Time being, by Commissions to be from Time to Time issued under the Seals of the Supreme Court of Judicature of Fort Saint George, and the Court of the Recorder of Bombay respectively, in the Name of the King's Majesty, His Heirs ami Successors,

such Commissiona as shall be issued under the Seal of the Supreme Court of Judicature of Fori Saint George, to be te/led in the Name of the Chief Justice of the said Court, and such Commissions as shall be issued under the Seal of the Court of the Recorder of Bombay, to be tested in the Name of the Recorder of the said Court (which said Commissions the said Supreme Court of Judicature of Fort Saint George, and the said Court of the Recorder of Bombay, are hereby respectively authorized and required from Time to Time, by any Order or Warrant from the said Governor in Council of Fort Saint George and Bombay respectively, to issue accordingly) to nominate and appoint such and so many of the covenanted Servants of the said Company, or other British Inhabitants, as the said Governor in Council of Fort Saint George, and the said Governor in Council of Bombay respectively, shall think properly qualified to act as Justices of the Peace within and for the said Provinces and Proficiencies, and Places thereto subordinate respectively; and such Persons shall, according to the Tenor of the respective Commissions wherein they shall be so nominated and appointed, and by virtue thereof, and of this Act, have full Power and Authority to act as Justices of the Peace, according to the Tenor of the fame Commissions wherein they shall be respectively named, in and for the Provinces and Proficiencies aforesaid, and Places subordinate thereto respectively; and the said Supreme Court of Judicature of Fort Saint G.'.rge, and the Court of the Recorder of Bombay respectively, upon any Requisition in Writing from the said Governor in Council of Fort Saint George, and Governor in Council of Bombay respectively, shall and may from Tirr.c to Time fupCrfede f.«ch Commissions, and upon like Requisitions issue new Commissions for the Purposes aforesaid, unto the fame or such other of the covenanted Servants of the said Company, or other British Inhabitants, as shall from Time to Time be so nominated by the said Governor in Council of Fort Saint G; : ge, and Governor in Council of Bombay respectively, in that Behalf, all which Commissions shall be filed of Record in the respective Courts of Oyer and Terminer of the Province, Preftdency, or Place, wherein for which the same shall be issued as aforesaid; and all such Justices of the Peace and their Proceedings, shall be subject and liable to such Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as under and by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, the Justices of the Peace to be appointed by the Governor General in Council of Fort William aforesaid, and their Proceedings, are or may be subject or liable to.

VI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, so much of the Act passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

Ati for continuing in the East India Company for a farther Term, the Possession of the British Territories in India, together with their exclusive Trade, under certain Limitations; for establishing further Regulations for the Government of the said Territories, and the better Administration of JujTice within the same; for appropriating to certain Uses tht Revenues and Profits of the said Company, and for rnaling Provision for the good Order and Government of the Towns of Calcutta, Madras, and Bombay, as authorizes the Governor General in Council of Fort William, in Bengal, to nominate and appoint any Person or Persons to be or aft as Justices of the Peace within and for any of the Provinces, Presidencies, or Places, subordinate to the said Governor in Council of Fort Saint George, and Governor in Council of Bombay respectively, or to supersede any Commissions of the Peace, shall be and is hereby repealed: Provided always, that such Repeal shall in nowise prejudice or affect the Authority of any Person or Persons theretofore appointed by the said Governor General in Council of Fort William, to be and act as Justices of the Peace within and for any of the Provinces, Presidencies, or Places, subordinate to the said Governor in Council of Fort Saint George, and Governor in Council of Bombay respectively, until the Commissions to Inch Persons shall be superseded by the Governor in Council of Fort Saint George, or the Governor in Council of Bombay respectively.

VII. f And Whereas by the said Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, it is c amongst other Things enacted, that all Vacancies happening in any of the Offices, Places, or Employments, in 1 the Civil Dine of the Company's Service in India (being under the Degree of Counsellor) shall be from Time to Time filled up, and supplied from among the Civil Servants of the said Company belonging to the Presidency wherein such Vacancies shall respectively happen, subject only to the Restrictions in that Act contained, and 4 110 otherwise; (that is to say) that in the filling up and supplying such Vacancies, no Office, Place, or Employment, the Salary, Perquisites, and Emoluments whereof shall exceed Five hundred Pounds per Annum, shall be conferred upon or granted to any of the said Servants who shall not have been actually resident in Indus as a covenanted Servant of the said Company for the Space of Three Years at the least in the Whole, antecedent to such Vacancy; and if the Salary, Perquisites, and Emoluments of any Office, Place, or Employ- ment, shall exceed One thousand five hundred Pounds per Annum, the same shall not be granted to, or conferred upon, any of the said Servants who shall not have been actually resident in India in the said Service for the Space of Six Years at the least in the Whole, antecedent to such Vacancies; and if the Salary, Perquisites, and , Emoluments, of any Office, Place, or Ernployment, /hallexceedThree thousand Pounds per Annum, the same shall not be granted to, or conferred upon, any of the said Servants who shall not have been actually resident in India

is

A.D. 1807. 47° GEORGII III. Se(T. 2. C. 68 — 70. 223

in the said Company's Service for the Space of Nine Years at the lead in the Whole, and if the Salary,

Perquisites, and Emoluments of any Office, Place, or Employment, shall exceed Four thousand Pounds per 1 Annum the same shall not be granted to, or conferred upon, any of the said Servants who shall not have been actually resident \\\ India in the Company's Service for the Space oi Twelve Years at the lead in the Whole, ante-

cedent to such Vacancy; and that all Appointments, Advancements, and Promotions, which shall be made for supplyinr any such Vacancies other than as aforesaid, shall be null and void: And Whereas the said Company have lately established a College in England for the appropriate Education of young Men deligned for their«Civil Senice in Indian and it will therefore be expedient that, under certain Circumstances, the Time spent

by such young Men in the said College, after they shall have attained the Age of Seventeen Years, should

entitle them to the fame Privileges as they would have been entitled to if they had been resident during such

Time in India be it therefore enacted, That from and immediately after the pacing of this Act all such Time, "°T w

nut exceeding Two Veers, as shall be bond side spent in the said College in the regular Course of such Education YcnrV, 7pvnt by aforesaid, by any Persons after they shall respectively have attained the Age of Seventeen Years, provided t hey perform njed 17 shall lone fi.'e lpend, either before or after Seventeen Years of Age, Two Years at the kv.il in the said College, »" toe College in the regular Course of such Education, and shall afterwards go to India in the Civil Service of the said Company, shall be accounted, as to the Offices, Places, and Employments, which such Persons are entitled to ^dcco/cd Tirn« be appointed to and to hold, as so much Time a6lually spent in India; the said Act, or any other Law or fycilt in UUtT( to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VIII.*And Whereas it may be expedient that Public Banks for the Deposit and Loan of Money, and The several

1 the Negociation of Securities, and other Purposes, should be establi tiled in the East Indies, and that the crj'; m'*, ts

Irdi\iduals who may become Members thereof, should be incorporated under and by the Authority of the to

1 respective Governments in the East Indies; but Doubts have been entertained, whether the Powers of those n.i a, iih Hubuc Govmunents are competent to the Establishment of such Banks within the local Limits of the Jurisdictions of Banks rhtre.

' the several Courts of Justice in India, which have been established by His Majesty's Charters; and it is expedient that such Doubts should be removed; be it therefore enacted, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That.it shall and may be lawful to and for the several Governments in the East Indies to establish such Publick Banks, wah perpetual Succession, and such Rights, Privileges, Franchises, ami Immunities, as are incidental or are* usually granted to Corporations legally erected in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England, and under and subject to such Terms and Conditions as they shall see fit; and that the several Persons who shall be (o incorporated, and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall have, hold, enjoy, and be entitled to all such Rights, Privileges, Franchises, and Immunities, as well within as beyond the local Limits of the Jurisdiction of the several Courts of Justice so established as aforesaid, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the several Orders or Acts, by virtue of which any such Banks or Corporations shall be fodhblished: Provided always, that the Establishment of any such Banks or Corporations shall not be valid or effectual, until they shall have received the Approbation of the Court of Directors of the said Company, subject to the Controul of the Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India for the Time being.

IX. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Persons whomsoever, in the Service of the All Perfom ia

aid Company, an 1 for all the Judges of the severalCourts of justice in India, to subscribe to and become Members of any such Bunk or Corporation as aforesaid, and that it shall be lawful to and for any Person or Persons in the Service of the said Company, to he elected or appointed, or to become Directors or Managers thereof; anything contained in the said Act of the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, or any other Act of Parliament, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Judge of any of the said Courts of Justice in India, t.blri hed by His Majesty's Charter, shall be capable of being appointed to, or holding the Office of the Director er Manager of any such Bank or Corporation.

the Service of the Company may subscribe t# such B.iiiki.

No |u<lec (Itall be a Director oft such Bantu.

M Public Act, §11.

CAP. LXIX.

An Act for discharging from the Claims of the Crown certain Real and Perfotial Estates belonging to General De Lancey, late Barrack Mailer General, and veiled in Trustees for Sale.

[13th Augitjl 1807.]

CAP. LXX.

An Act for maintaining and preserving a Military Canal and Road, made from Shorncliff in the County of Kent, to Clijf End in the County of SuJJ'ex \ and for regulating the taking of Rates and Tolls thereon.*[13th Aitgujl 1807.]

WHEREAS a Canal called The Royal Military Canal, and also a Military Road and Towing Path, and other Works, have been lately made, from Shomcljfe in the County of Kent, to Cliff End in the 1 County of lujfex: And Whereas it is expedient that Provision should be made for the maintaining and preferr ing ' the said Canal, and the Ramparts and other Works belonging thereto: And Whereas great Advantages will'accrue to the Part of the Country through which the said Canal and Road pals, if the fame is opened, under ' certain Restrictions, for publick Use; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty. by and the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Speaker of the House of Commons, the Lord High Cmniiflrwr* Trwfnnr of Gr.-at Britain, the First Lord Commissioner of the Treasury, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, His Mealy's Principal Secretaries of State, the Commander in Chief of His Majesty's Forces, the Lord Warden of

7 the

G.

1

224- C. 7on

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2.

A.D. 1807.

Afford Road and AppVH re not so be iubjc& to Toll.

Exemption for O a ner«, See. of I.nnds through M'such the Military Road

j/a fle*.

I*uni(hment hr fetring Fire 10 Work*,

Felony without Clergy.

Damaging Wotks, Fine impiifunment, ice.

Horses, Carriages, or Cattle not to be allowed on the Towing Paths.

Lands th.rll remain liable to foi mer Tay mentis or the fame may be provided for by Parliament if peccflury.

the Cinque Psrts, the Secretary at War, the Mailer General of the Ordnance, and the Quarter Mailer General of His Majesty's Forces, for the Time being respectively, shall be Commissioners for the carrying on, completing, maintaining, regulating, and managing the said Military Canal and Road, and Cuts, and other Works thereof or belonging thereto, and now made, or which may hereafter be made.

" Commissioners empowered to make Rules and Regulations; §2. — and to take Rates and Tolls, §3.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Toll Gate shall be erected or any Tolls taken upon that Part of the Military Road lying between the Two Bridges at Hythe heretofore commonly called AfifordRo.iJ, or upon that Part of the said Military Road opposite to Appledvre, on the Towing Path Side lying between the River Wall and Apple dare Bridge, now become the Road from Rcniney to 7 enter den.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Parts of the Military Road or Towing Path belonging to the said Canal, shall be allowed by the said Commissioners to be used by the Owners or Occupiers of any Lands, for the Occupation of such Lands, then and in such Case no Tol's shall he payable by any inch Owner or Occupier for or in respect of the Use of such Road or Towing Path solely for the Cultivation or carrying away the Produce or the Occupation of such Lands.

" Commissioners empowered to farm the Tolls, §6. — And to appoint Officer?, §7. — Officers to account, {3. — " Erection of Turnpikes, §9. Penalty for fraudulently claiming a-Right to carry Articles at a lower R .te, " to4.0l. § ic. — Rates and Tolls shall be paid under Regulations to be made by Commissioners, §11. — Owners

"of Boats shall give account of L ding, < 12. — In case of Difference concerning the Tonnage, Vessels Ishall be u measured, §13. — Penalty on Persons lading or unlading Boat* at other Places than those directed, to 40l. u §14. — Licences shall be granted in behalf of Commissioners for using Boats on the Canal, §15. — Name of Owner " and Tonnage of Boat shall be fixed 0.1 the Head and Stern, Penalty not exceedingly. §16. — Penalty upon 41 Vessels obstructi.ig the Canal, §17. — Penalty for drawing o.T Water cCio. to 40l. £ 18. — Corporzf01

" of Hythe may require the Sluices to be opened or fluit, and on Refusal may' cauie the same to be done, without " doing Damage to the Works, §19. — Penalty for throwing Dirt into the Canal or Works, not exceeding " e£$. §20.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall wilfully and maliciously set on fire any of the Works belonging to the said Canal or J\oad, or Cuts, or any of th» Materials intended so' any of the said Works, every such Person or Persons so offending in any of the Cases atVivsaid, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, aftd every such Felon shall be subject to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cafcs of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy; and if any Person or Persons fi all knowingly, wilfully, or maliciously demolish, break down, cut, or dellroy any Part of the said Canal or Road, or other Works or Things belonging thereto, or shall wilfully remove and take away or destroy any of the Materials of the said Canal or Locks, or other Works, then every such Offender or Offenders, being convicted thereof, shall suffer Punishment by Fine, Imprisonment, or Transportation, at the Discretion of the Judge or Judges before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be tried and convicted.

Masters of Vessels answerable for Damages, §22. — Boatmen shall indemnify Mailers, §23. — None shall draw off Water or use Nets without Licence from Commissioners, Penalty not exceeding 10. §24. — Penally " on floating Timber without Licence, not exceeding 40s. §25.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Carriage or Horses, or Neat Cattle, shall he allowed to pass or be on the Towing Path, except in such Places as shall be set apart for that Purpose; nor shall any Cattle, Sheep, or other Live Stock, be driven on the Towing Path, farther than from any Field where the fame fliril be to the neared Cross Road, and then only in Cases where there shall be no other Communication between such Field and Cross Road; and any Carriage, Horse, or Neat Cattle, Sheep or other Live Stock, whi; h Anil be found on the said Towing Path, or in any other Part of the Works belonging to the said Canal or Road, cor.traiy to the Provisions of tins Act, may be impounded and detained until the Owner of such Carriage, Mode, Cattle, Sheep, or other Live Stock so detained, or fomcother Person, shall pay for the Rolcafeand RedemptionthereJ, a Sum not exceeding Five Shillings for any Carriage so detained, and One Shilling a Head for every Horfo or Neat Cattle, and Sixpence each for every Sheep. Hog, or other Animal so detained as aforesaid: Proved always, That no such Cattle or Live Stock fli?.ii be impounded or detained, or any Money taken for ho ftdeaftf or Redemption of any such Cattle or Live Stock, in any Case in which any such Trespass of such Cattle or Live Stock shall have ariion from any Defect of any Works to be creeled, maintained, or repaired by the CominilJiuncri under this Ai\.

*c Culverts may be made under the Canal, &c. §27. — Fences shall be made to separate the Canal front private " Grounds, §28. — None shall make Bridges over any Cuts or Drains without Leave of Comndifloners; Penalty " not exceeding ^5. §29. :

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the Lands taken, or which may hereafter be taken for the said Canal or Road, or Cuts, or any Buildings or Works belonging thereto, shall remain subjef.l, liable to, and ciuigeai'k with such and the like Rates and Charges for any Wall and Water Scotts or other Charges, fur ftippofticg:

Dimchurch Wall, or other Sea Walls in Romney Marsh, as such Lands were subject and liable to and chaigealk< with before the taking thereof; and all such Rates, when made upon any such Lands, shall be payable and paid out of the Rates and Tolls levied upon the said Canal or Road before any other Payment or Charge wimtev r which may hereafter be made or become payable out of such Rates or Tolls; or if no such Rates or Toils shall 1 he raised, or the same shall not be sufficient, the same shall be laid before the Commons House of Parliament, in order that Pnovinon may be made for the Payment thereof.

" Land Tax shall be apportioned, §31.

XXXII. And '

A.D. 18cj.

473 GEORGII III. Sefi.2. C. 70, 71. 225

Cana!, &c.

cxcni^u d iioim Foor Kales.

any Parochial Ra»e or Charge for the Relief of the Poor or otherwise; any Thing 111 any Law or Laws to

the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX! U. Provided always, That nothing herein Contained shall exempt any l'ersons having or enjoying any Officers not beneficial Occupation of any such Ploufe, building, or Lands, other than and beyond/uch a3 may be netefiary cxc, ufr^rt f, ol» for the Purpose only of executing any Office, or performing any Duty as a Clerk or Officer under the said 1 001 Commissioners, from being rated to the Relief of the Poor of the Place in which he fuali have such beneficial Occupation, in rcipedl ot iueh beneficial Occupation.

Exchanges may be made by incapacitated Persons of small Pieces of Land, by order of Chancery, &c. §34,

XXXV. 4 And Whereas an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of Plis present Majesty, intituled, 4? G- 3- c. 5S* f An A'l I) enable His Majesty mr.re effeducdlv to provide fir the Defence and Security of the Realm during the*lu*

prfent IVar, and for indemnifying Persons who may fujf'er in their Property by such Me of arcs as may be necessry

for that Purpose: And Whereas an Act passed in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled, An Act to amend certain of the Provisons of an Act, made in the Forty-third 7'car of Ilir present 44 G. 3. 0.9 5.

1 Majjly, to enable bits Majesty to provide for the Defence and Security of the Realm, with respeil to the Purchase y to.

of Lands and Hereditaments for the public k. Service: And Whereas Doubts have an fen whether the Lord

Warden of the Cinque Ports for the Time being, is empowered under the Provisions of the said recited Acts,

to certify the Necessity or Expediency of taking any Lands or Hereditaments for the publick Service under

1 the said Adi19 For Remedy whereof be it declared and enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Warden Warden of the Cirque Ports, or any Two of the Deputy Wardens of the Cinque Ports for the Time being, to certify tnc Cinque Fori* the Necessity or Expediency of taking any Lands or Hereditaments within their Jurisdiction for the publick may cemfy Service under the said Acts, in like Manner as any Lord Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants are by the said Act empowered to certify any such Necessity or Expediency. u , nfi an '*

Claims under this Act may be settled by Arbitration, by Consent of Parties, §36. — Application of*Purchase Money, §37-40. — Persons in Possession deemed entitled to Premises, §41. — Premises taken for Purposes of this Act vested in the Commissioners, §42. — Suits not to abate by reason of Death of any " Commissioner, §43.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Canal, Road, Ramparts, Tow-path, Fences, Drains/Tunneh,

Cuh'erts, Sluices, Locks, or any Manner of Buildings, Works, or Tilings erected or made, or to be erected Romary Marfc or made, shall not be under the Controul, Direction. Survey, or Order of the Lords of Romney Marfa, or the excluded. Commissioners of Sewers of any of the Leveb through which the said Canal pafies, or under any other Controul than that of the said Commissioners under this Act.

Recovery of Penalties before one Justice, &c §45, &c. — Public Act, §48.

CAP. LXXI.

An Act for the speedily completing the Militia of Great Britain, and increasing the fame, under certain Limitations and Restrictions.

[14th August 1807 ]

WHEREAS it is necessary that the most efiidlual Meafares should be taken for augmenting His Majesty's Regular Forces, and it has therefore become expedient to permit a Proportion of the Militia See 47 G. j.

irw serving in Great Britain, not exceeding such Number as will leave serving. including Corporals, Three- S Jf. t. e, §7*

fifths of the Establishment in Rank and File of each Regiment of Militia of each County, or of two or

more Counties joined together to form a Regiment, to enlill under certain Provisions and Rcitridlions: And

Whereas it is necessary that such Increase of the Regular Forces Should not diminish the Militia, but that the Militia Should be forthwith completed, and also farther increnfed, in a limited Proportion, in order that any further Ballot, after such Increase, may be suspended for a limited Period: And Whereas an Act passed in

the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Return of enrred Lists of 4$ G-3. c.fr.

Persons liable to serve in the ATilitia, under an Act passed in the Forty-second 7 ear of His present Majesty, and to fufend the Ballot for the Militia in England for Fivo Tears: And Whereas it is expedient that so much of the said Act as enacls that the Ballot for the Militia Forces in Englir.d should be suspended, Should be repealed; and that the said Acts, and also the several Acts relating to the raising the Militia of England and Scotland respectively, Should be amended in order to the completing, as speedily as possible, the Militia 1 to be raised under this Act, and to the correcting the Lifts required to be returned under the said recited Act:

May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's m \i

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, ^q 1-c. $f. in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing ot^6. fuiprndinj this Act, so much of the said recited Act of the Forty-sixth Year aforesaid, as suspends the Ballot for tue Ballot for M>lm» Militia of England, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.^repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That within Three Months after the holding of General Meetings in each t

County in Great Britain, or after the Expiration of Fourteen Days in England, and Three Weeks in Scotian \ alter the passing of this Act, in any County in which any General Meeting shall not have been held under thi; of the wigiml Ad, there shall be raised and levied in Great Britain, in the several Counties in England and Scotland respectively, uotkv

47 Geo. III. G e a Number* G. u

<c. 9'jJcfV*

226 C. 7*»

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2.

A.D. 1807.

ft all

raised vri'Viin a limit* d Time.

Genrul and Su1 division M* clings fti.il I br heM, ft r Vp*>' 'u>nir g

b: t«; irrnHjj

Humfrtiis and P*i>: hc'.

In making Ap-jv.r'ion rrci.tr,

R' garfl Ih.ill be I id to the Per-f« »<* a<^unllv ftrving i*i Y?o-niar/y o> Volun-leer Co ps.

Clerk of General a*id Subciivi-ft »n Meeting*, lh; iU*trausmit Apporriunfiie(<(f.

Deputy Lieutenants tn: iy amend Mdiiid Lins, and direct new Lilts.

Mtctin's (l; all by held ior heating Appeal*, and correcting*L»iU.

Where new Lift* are required Five blmih* may be al'awed, and when amended Lid* are requ red Foi r Months may be allowed, for completing the Kumber of Men required.

a Number of private Militia Men, equal to Three-fourths of the original Quotas of private Men, specified in Two Acts of Parliament passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Miiitas of England and Scotland respectively.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Lord Lieutenants, or Vice Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants in the several Counties in England shall, as soon after the passing of this Act as the fame can be done not exceeding Fourteen Days* hold General Meetings for apportioning the Men to be raised, under this Act, among the Hundreds; and the Deputy Lieutenants shall also, within Seven Days thereafter, hold SubdiviGoa Meetings for apportioning the Men among the Parities in the respective Subdivisions of their Counties and in the like Manner the Lord Lieutenants, Vice Lieutenants, and Deputy Lieutenants in the Counties in Scotland\ shall, a3 soon after the passing of this Act as the fame can be done, take the necessary Measures for the apportioning the Men to be raised under this Act among the several Parishes of their Counties, ' and shall hold General Meetings for their Purposes, the First of which General Meetings in each County shall be within Three Weeks after the passing of this Act.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in making all such Apportionments, in relation cither to Hundreds or Parishes, regard shall be had to the Number of Persons serving in Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps in such Hundreds and Parishes respectively/ and exempt by reason thereof from serving in the Militia; and to all other Exemptions from serving in the Militia; so as that all such Apportionments shall be made on the Numbers of Persons in such Hundreds and Parishes respectively, actually liable to be ballotted, and to serve in the Militia

V. And be it further enacted, That the Clerks to General Meetings in England, shall within Three Days after making such Apportionments among the Hundreds of their respective Counties, transmit the fame duly certified by the said General Meetings respectively, to the respective Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings within their Counties, on Pain of forfeiting for any Neglect to transmit such Apportionments the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and on pain of forfeiting for emitting to transmit the same as to any Hundred or Hundreds the Sum of Fifty Pounds for each Hundred so omitted 5 and the Clerks to Subdivision Meetings shall also, within Throe Days after the Apportionment of the Numbers among the Parishes of the Subdivision, transmit the same to the High Conilables, who shall issue their Precepts accordingly, to the several Constables of such respective Parishes, on pain of forfeiting, by the said Clerks of Subdivision Meetings, for omitting to transmit the fame, One hundred Pounds; and for omitting any Pari Hi or Parishes the Sum of Twenty hounds for each Parish omitted; and in like Manner the Clerks to the General Meetings in Scotland shall, within Seven Days after making such Apportionments among the Parishes of their respective Counties, transmit the fame duly certified by the General Meetings respectively to the Clerks of the Subdivision or District Meetings within their Counties, on pain of forfeiting for any Neglect to transmit such Apportionments the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and the Clerks to Subdivision or District Meetings shall upon the Receipt of such Apportionments summon Meetings of the Deputy Lieutenants, which shall be held within Seven Days thereafter, for the Purpose of proceeding to Ballot pursuant to such Apportionment, or for the Purpose of making out new or amended Lills, if the same shall be necessary.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where it shall appear to any Lord Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant, or the Deputy Lieutenants, assembled at any such General Meeting as aforesaid, that any Lids now made cr returned are defective, or have not been properly made out or returned, or require Amendment, it shall be lawful for such Deputy Lieutenants to cause such Lifts to be amended; and it shall also be lawful for any Lord Lieutenant, or Vice Lieutenant, or Deputy Lieutenant acting for any Lord Lieutenant , >vith the Approbation of His Majesty, signified by one of His Principal Secretaries of State, to order and direct in any County, Subdivision, or Place, in which the fame may appear to them to be absolutely necessary, that new and correct Lifts shall be made out of Persons liable to serve in the Militia, according to the Provisions in the Acts relating to the Militia.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any such amended Lifts or new Lifts mail be required under this Act, the Lord Lieutenants, Vice or Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid, shall order and direct that Subdivision Meetings shall be appointed to be held at such Times and Places as they shall direct, not exceeding Ten Days after such Lifts shall have been made out or amended and published, for the Purpose of hearing Appeals thereon, and for comfting such Lifts; and such Subdivision Meetings shall thereupon assemble and hear such Appeals and correct such Lifts.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all cases in which it shall appear to any Lord Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant, or the Deputy Lieutenants acting for any Lord Lieutenant in any County, that it will be necessary to make out new Lists of the Persons liable to serve in such County, or that it will be necessary to amend and correct any Lifts already or nows making out of the Persons liable to serve in such County, before any Apportionment can be made among the Subdivisions and Parishes of such County, or if such Apportionment* can be made before any Ballot can take place in such County, and in which the Neceliity of making new Lilts, or amending and correcting Lifts, and the Grounds of such Necessity, shall be represented to one of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Order signified by one of BKs Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, to extend the Period within which the Men required to be ballotted and enrolled under this Act, in any County in which it shall be necessary to make out new Lifts, to Five Months instead of Three Months, and also to extend the Period, as to any County in which it may be necessary to amend and correct Lifts, to Four Months instead of Three; and no County, in relation to which any such extended Period shall be allowed for the ballot ting and enrolling of the Men under this Act, shall be subject to any Fine for not completing the Number of Men required by this Act, until the Expiration of such extended Period; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

A.D. 1807.

470 GEORGII III. Sets.a.

C. 71. 227

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall he lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants in the several Counties in Special

Pry! aid, and they are hereby authorized in all Cases in which any new Lists of Persons liable to serve in the >nfl<(*|e^may

Minna may be necessary, or in which it may be necessary to amend and correct any Lifts already returned, either^, Q^for the Purpose of apportioning the Number of Men to be ballotted and enrolled in the several Hundreds and in , n , k^g out Farishes, or for the Purpose of ballotting, to appoint such Number of Persons usually reside.it in the several new Lifts or Pr.riihes of th dr respective Subdivisions, as may be willing and fit to undertake the Duty, to be Special Constables amending Lifts in the lev oral rarifi.es of their respective Subdivisions, for the Purpose of affilting in the making out new Lifts, rc^ '^lied c.ll, u|c.r or amending and correcting the Lists of Persons liable* to serve in the Militia, or to be trained, which may have Rcrur^j been already returned under an Act passed in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, made according In da for the Return of correct Lijls of Persons liable to serve in the Militia, under an Act passed in the Forty -second to the new Year of His present Majesty, and to suspend the Ballot for the Militia in England for Two Tears; and the Deputy Schedule. Lieutenants are hereby required to order and direct that such Special Constables, if any shall have been so appointed, shall, together with the Constables of the Parishes in England, proceed to verify the Returns made ana Lists of Persons returned, by Enquiry at ca h and every House in their Parishes and shall by such Enquiry, or by Information procured at any adjoining or neighbouring Houses, when no Persons shall be at home, and by their own Knowledge, ascertain the Numbers and Names and Descriptions of Persons liable to serve as aforesaid, md shall, within such Period as shall be required by the Deputy Lieutenants, make Returns of the Names and Descriptions of such Persons, and it shall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants to examine such Constable3 upon Oath as to the Returns made by them; and such Deputy Lieutenants shall, at their next Subdivision Meetings compare such Returns of the Constables with the Returns theretofore made of Persons so liable to serve, or to be trained as aforesaid, and thereupon, upon such Comparison and Examination, and upon the Information of any Persons able to give Information in that Behalf, shall cause correct Lifts to be made out, when new Lifts shall be necessary, or the former Lifts to be amended; and the Lid Deputy Lieutenants shall thereupon cause Two Returns, Duplicates, to be drawn up and transmitted by the Clerk of the Subdivision Meeting in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (A.), to the Clerk of General Meetings, and the Clerk of General Meetings shall draw out and transmit, to one of His Majesty's Secretaries of State, a Return in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (B.), and shall also transmit to such Secretary of State one of the Duplicates of the Returns made by the Clerks of Subdivision Meetings; and it shall be lawful for such Deputy Lieutenants, and they are hereby required, from Time to Time to cause such Lifts and Schedules to be corrected and amended; and if by reason of any Changes of Residence of Persons whose Terms of Service, as yearly Sonants, or otherwise, may expire at any usual Periods of Expiration of Service in their respective Subdivision", or of any Changes of Kcfidcnceof any other Persons, such Lifts may require to be amended and corrected, it shall be lawful for such Deputy Lieutenants from Time to Time to cause such Constables again to proceed to make out fresh or amended Returns and Lifts, by linking out the Names of ail Persons who shall have gone to Tefide in any other Parishes or Places, and inferring the Names of all Persons who shall have become resident in His M LiWmiy their respective Parishes: And it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Order of one of His principal Secretaries xhrTc^»'7iVr of State, from Time to Time to direct any Proceedings to be had, or Subdivision or other Meetings to be held, Liflsor^mr., rW for the making out new Lifts, or correcting or amending any Lifts, and making Returns of Persons liable to UiUfor M, |.tu serve in the Militia, or to be trained under an Act, passed in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present a* under intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty annually to train andexerefe a Proportion of His < uljcfts in England, ^c\ 00.

under certain Regulations, and more effectually to provide for the Defence of the Realm, either in the Forms in the^c 'll IS ]

Schedules to this Act annexed, or in such other Forms as His Majesty shall by any such Order direct.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person appointed a Special Constable under this Act, Sprc'.il Confla.

for the Purpose of making, amending, or correcting any Lifts, or for any other Purpose, shall be entitled to bic' not ro ht any Exemption from being ballotted and enrolled to serve in the Militia; any Thing in any Act or Acts of f* in tTt Parliament to the contrary' notwithstanding. M l ua.

XI. And be it further enacted, That at the First General Meeting in Scotland to be held pursuant to this Act, <flion« for the Lord Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants, or the Deputy Lieutenants in every County in Scotland, shall mik/r.? cut iilue out their Ordersto the Schoolmaster of each Parish within their several Counties, or to the Chief Constable Lid? in

and other Constables, or other Officer or Officers in each Parish or Place within their several Counties, requiring^ un<*cr

every such Schoolmaster, Chief Constable, ConflabLs, or other Officers of every such Parish or Place, to return ll>il Aw*to the Deputy Lieutenants of their several Counties within their respective Subdivisions at the Haces, and on the Days appointed at such General Meetings respectively, fair and true Lifts in Writing according to the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (C.), either by Means of special Notices to be given by such Schoolmasters,

Chief Constable, Constables, or other Officers, for that Purpose, or by Means of Lilts delivered or to be delivered pursuant tn Notices already given in Terms of the said recited Act passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty relating to the Militia of Scotland, and such further Enquiries as such Rchoolmaster,

Chief Constable, Constables, or other Officers shall find it necessary to make. Lists

XII. And be it further enacted, That a Copy of every such Lift in the Form of the said Schedule (C.) shall arfixcdor Door*

be affixed on the Poors of the Churches or Chapels in which and in the Manner in which Lifts are directed to be of Cnirriiex, ve-affixed by the said recited Act, -

fame shall also be verified upon (

XIII. And be it further enacted,

shall cause Two Returns (]

iuthe Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (D.) to the Clerk to the General Meeting within their vision to General respeaire Counties, and the Clctk of the General Meeting shall make out and transmit to One of His Majesty's Metiingt, and

G g 2 Secretaries the ro

0 the Secretary

Sr ate.

Notice flrtll !)6 given on ire Cntirch Door*, ice. f die $*lioU«

Xnv* of Ptr-

foas balloned shall be Cent to Const.»b)es: Notices shall be given, and Appeals heard and f.clh Ballots if metflary.

Person i shall he erroiled, and <Ab:r; i«f)s of Enrolment Tent to Constables.

Pei ferns choten by Bailor (owl being (punkas) no/ fei vtng or providing a S»ih-fti.'utc, dull /orieir 20).

Fine of 2Cl.

i ay be p iid to the next Ballotted Man.

Pei fm« reef 'v^g ih, Fincoun-'flier bt lore b.l'.olted not to b: uifil cd to Allowance not being podcH'-

ed of 500l.

When facb Fines of 21.I. in all not

I. ave been pud To ary fncet r4-

i >g M.r, 11 ilf

II, 11 c 'f ih id lie

ppl.'-d w> provide VolurUeeiS, li'"e

oituf Iff mid also Fines of ho!. &c. under tius

Ad d: al* bc l>-'d to tilt Receiver Gen.iaUd me Co-miyd ty

btr; i pa d into ftfci Tieulu.y.

C. 7r. 470 GEORGII III. Sess. 2. A.D. 1807.

Secretaries of State a Return in the Form of the Schedule to this A<3 annexed, marked (E.) and shall also transmit to such Secretary of State One of the Duplicates of each of the Returns made by the Clerks of Sub-division Meetings within the several Counties.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Deputy Lieutenants at their Subdivision Meetings shall in all Cases in which the Lifts shall be fufTiciently corretft for the Purpose of ballotting therefrom, as soon after such Apportionment as aforesaid as the fame can be, and if any Lifts require A mendment, or any new Lifts are to be a ^1.1 made out and returned, as soon after such Amendments or Returns shall have been made respectively, as the fame can be done, proceed to ballot for the raising the Numbers of Militia required to be raised under this Act; and thereupon Notice shall be given by the Deputy Lieutenants or Clerk of Subdivision Meetings, by affixing the fame on the Doors of the Churches or Chapels, or on other conspieuous Places in the several Parishes within their respective SubJivisions, of the Days, Times, and Places appointed for Ballots under this Act, in their respective Subdivisions; and the Names of the Persons liable to be ballotted shall publicly and in the Presence of any such Magistrates, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor as chufc to attend, be called over from the Lifts, and put into the Boxes or Glaffcs for balloting, and shall in like Manner be publicly drawn out; and the Names of the Persons so drawn shall be publicly called over and be entered in a Book by-the Clerks of the Subdivision or Persons appointed by them or the Deputy Lieutenants for that Purpose; and such calling over of the Names and fcallotting for Persons to be enrolled under this Act shall take place at the Days, Times, and Places appointed, and shall not commence before Ten of the Clock, nor continue longer than Six in the Evening; and if such ballotting shall not be complete iu one Morning, the Boxes shall be sealed with the Seals of any Two of the Deputy Lieutenants and the Clerks of the Meeting; and such Seals be broken, and the ballotting be finished irr like public Manner on the succeeding Day or Days, or on any other Day to which such Ballot shall be adjourned.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Deputy Lieutenants in all Cases in which the same shall be necessary, shall appoint Days and Places for holding Meetings for hearing Appeals; and the Clerks of the Subdivilioo Meetings at which such Ballot shall have taken place, shall within Three Days transmit to the Constables, Schoolmasters, or other Officers of the Parishes within their vSubdivision, the Names of the Persons ballotted therein respectively; and such Constable or Schoolmaster shall the Rupon give Notice to every such Personby delivering the same to him or his Wife, or some Servant or Member of his Family, or leaving the fame at his ufua! or Taft Place of Abode; and it shall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants, and they are hereby required iu all Cases in which Persons so ballotted fh11 make Default, or not find Substitutes, or shall desert, or shall pay the Fine under this Act, to proceed to a fresh Ballot, and adjourn inch Meeting, and direct like Notice to be given to the Persons ballotted, and appoint other Meetings in case the fame shall be necessary for making fresh Ballots, until the full Number of Men required under this Act shall be enrolled to serve in the Militia.

XVI. And be it further-ena^cd, That every Person chosen by Ballot under this Act to serve in the Militia, (not being one of the People called Qjmlers who shall refuse or neglect to appear and take the Oath and serve in the Militia, or to provide a Substitute in Manner directed by the said ActU relating to the Militia of Gmt Britain, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, in lieu and instead of the Sum of Fifteen Pounds, in the Acts relating to the Militia of Great Britain mentioned to be levied and recovered in Manner in this Act mentioned; any Thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in every Case in which any such Fine of Twenty Pounds shall have Veen paid by any Person who shall have been ballotted, and shall not have appeared or found a Substitute to serve, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the Overfter of the Poor of the Parish for which such Man shall have been ballotted in England, or the Person who shall have received such Fine, either in England or Uodand, with tire Consent in Writing of such Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace, to pay such Fine of Twenty Pounds, or such Part thereof, not being less than Half the Average Price of a Substitute, as any Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace shall think fit, to any succeeding Man who shall have been ballotted, and who shall be enrolled to serve in lieu of the 1'crfon who shall have paid such Fine as aforesaid.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it iuvther cnadtod, That no Person so ballotted and receiving such Srmof Twenty Pounds as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, shall he entitled to or have or receive the Allowance of One Plait of the current Price of a Volunteer, or any other A Iowanc? under any Ait of Parliament relating to the Militia, by jva'on of his not being pofikfled of any Estate in Lands, Goods, or Muncy of the ck?.r Value of Five hundred Pounds; any Thing in any Act of Parliament relating to the M.litia to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where in' England no Part of any such Pines of Twenty Pounds as aforesaid shall have been paid to any succeeding Man who shall have been ballotted and enrolled to ierve in lieu of the i erlons who shall have paid such Fine as aforesaid, then the Half of such Fine of Twenty Pounds shall be paid to the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish for which the Man paying such Fine shall have been ballotted, for the Purpose of enabling such Overseer to provide a Volunteer to supply the Place of the Man paying such Fine, or to pay any Allowance of Half of the current Price of a Volunteer, and if there shall be any Surplus of such Half of such Fine remaining after providing such Volunteer, or paying any such Allowance as aforesaid, the fame ft \ all go to the Rates for the Relief of the Poor of such Pan ffi, and the other Half of such Fine of Twenty Pounds as aforesaid, shall within Ten Days after the Payment of the Fire be paid to the Receiver General of the County, and by him into the Receipt of the Exchequer; and where the Whole of such Fine of Tventy Pounds shall not be paid to any such succeeding ballotted Man as aforesaid, then such Part thereof as ft vail not have been io paid, and also all Fines of Twenty Pounds which shall be paid by any Persons ballotted under tills Act for whom Volunteers shall not have been found by the Overseer of the Poor as aforesaid, and also ail Fiiics of Twenty Pounds which shall be paid by any Person ballotted, and making Default, shall be paid

within

A.D. 1807. 470 GEORGII III. Sess. 2.

C. 71.

229

Sum to he p iid Vulu i*t-e \ shall not exce-rt ioU f.r each Man.

within Tf n Days after the same shall be received, and also all Fines of Sixty Pounds for any Default under this Act shall be paid within Ten Days after the same shall have been assessfed, to the Receiver General of the County, to be by him paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer: Provided always, that no greater Sum than Ten Pounds for each Man* found for any Parish as a Volunteer, in lieu of any Man ballotted, and who shall have paid any such Fine, or for each Allowance of Half the Price of a Volunteer, which shall have been paid as aforesaid in such Parish, shall be tahen, received, or retained for the finding Volunteers for any Parish, or paying any such Allowances; and every Clerk of Subdivision Meetings and Overseer of the Poor or other Pevfou who shall retain in his Hands any such Part or Proportion of any Fine of Twenty Pounds as aforesaid, or any inch Fine of Sixty Pounds as aforesaid, for the Space of Seven Day3 after the Expiration of such Periods of Ten Days as aforesaid,

Hull forfeit Double the Amount of the Money so returned, to be recovered as any Penalty may be recovered under this Act, or any Act relating to the Militia.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where no Part of any such Fine of Twenty Pounds as App'ir.vion of aforesaid shall have been paid in Scotland to any succeeding Man, who shall have been ballotted and enrolled to faci'

serve in lieu of the Person who shall have paid such Fine as aforesaid, then the Half of such Fine of Twenty $colland-Pounds shall be paid to the Collector of the Cess of the County, for the Purpose of enabling the Herctors of the Parish for which the Man paying such Fine shall have been ballotted, to provide a Volunteer to supply the Place of such Man, and subject to the Order of such Heretors, or the major Part of them; and if there shall be any Surplus of such Half of such Fine remaining, after providing such Volunteer, the same shall be paid to the Treasurer of the Kirk Session of such Parish, fur the Benefit of the Poor thereof; and the other Half of such Fine of Twenty Pounds as aforesaid, shall also, within Ten Days after the same shall have been received, be paid to the said Collector of the Cess of such County, to be by him accounted for to the Receiver General of Scotland, in the same Manner that such Collector of the Cess accounts for the Land Tax; and where the Whole of such Fine of Twenty Pounds shall not be paid to any such succeeding ballotted Man as aforesaid, then such Part thereof as shall not have been so paid, and also all Fines of Twenty Pounds which shall be paid by any Persons ballotted under this Act, and making Default, shall within Ten Days after the same shall be received, and also all Fines of Sixty Pounds for Defaults under this Act, shall, within Ten Days after the same shall have been addled, be paid respectively to the Collector of the Cess of the County, to be by him accounted for to such Receiver General as aforesaid, provided that no greater Sum than Ten Pounds for each Man found for any Parish as a Volunteer, in lieu of any Man ballotted, and who shall have paid any such Fine, shall be taken, received, or retained for the finding Volunteers for any Parish; and every Person and all Persons who shall retain ia his or their Hands any such Part or Proportion of any Fine of Twenty Pounds as aforesaid, or any such Fine cf Sixty Pounds as aforesaid, for the Space of Seven Days after the Expiration of such Period of Ten Days as aforesaid, shall forfeit Double the Amount of the Money so retained, to be recovered as any Penalty may be recovered under this Act or any Act relating to the Militia.

XXI. And be it fui ther enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Deputy Lieutenant to direct any K»t mo- thaft larger Sum of Money than F've Pounds to be paid to any Substitute at the Time of his Enrolment, or 5.ihaM he paid before he shall actually join his Regiment; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Militia not with (landing.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall claim or have or he entitled to any Exemption from being ballotted to serve in the Militia under this Act, by reason of any such Person being enrolled and frning in any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, unless such Person shall have actually attended the usual under this Act Mutkr and Excrciie of such Corps for the Number of Days required by an Act, passed in the Forty fourth u'd' tnry , na, l Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to corf olid ate and amend the Provisions of the several Act rdating to Corps oj Yeomanry and Volunteers in Great Britain, and to male further Regulations relating tltreto', and if any Person who mail not have h» attended according to the Provisions of the said recited Act, 44. G. 3. c. 54 shall nevertheless claim any Exemption, such Person 11 forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of Thirty Pcjnds, notwithstanding any such Person may have a Certificate of being an effective Member of his Corps; arid from and after the passing of this Act no Certificate of any Commanding Officer of any Volunteer Corps Call he admitted by any Deputy Lieutenant upon any such Claim of Exemption, unless such Certificate shall certify the Number of Days on which the Pet fun producing the same shall have attended the Muller or Attendance. Exercise of ins Corps; any Thing in the said recited Act of the Forty-fourth Year aforesaid to the

Cuiitrnry notwithllauckug.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be exempt from being ballotted to- serve in the Persons b rtlared Militia under this Act by reaton of any such Person having been ballotted or enrolled to be trained and exercised umicr 4* G. 3.

1 SuMViture oil' Enro'.in-nt.

VoKinteers shall not be t-xcfiuK

have Invert the fart Number of Day s re -.pi ire cl by

Certificate shall. It ate the rc.il

by nafon of holding any Commission from His Majesty on which he shall receive Half-pay, be exempt trom unless they have Ling ballotted to lerve in the Militia under this Act, unhfs such Person shall have tendered his Service to the^oVi

LW Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant of the County in which he shall re side, either to fei ve as an Officer in the cers , ur iVj, hriiJ Mditia, or in forr.e Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, or shall be incapable ot Service; any Thing in any Act of Volunteer*.

Or Acts, of Parliament to the contrary not withlhmding.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the paiTng of this Act, ' it shall he law'fvrt for the If any Person Deputy Lieutenants in their respective Subdivisions, ami they are hereby required, at any Time during the Period allowed for ballot ting and enrolling Men under this Act, in calc any F.vfim ordered to be drawn out lhr-'s ^\i tod embodied shall have made or shall make Default by not appearing, or by Delation or Abicuce from Duty, n.it^?rear, d

and shall not betaken

a Mi»ntV, the Deputy Lieu

tenants Ihjil fill up the Vacancy. Clerks of Suhrii* vision Me' log* shall transmit the Cletks of the General Meetings Two Schedule* in the Form in Schedule F. cor-tainingthcNames

41 G. 3. c. 71.

Vacancies in li e Devon or Cornwall Miners IhnJl he filled up by Cal lot as under recited Act.

ThisAiff shall not extend to London.

Fine of 60 I. on the County, £cc. for every Man deficient.

If after Three Months, Man found in One Month, a Dcdu£lio>n or Return of 3-4111* ut ti e 601.; "Within Two Months, \; within Three Months

Commandants shall Uiiosmit to the General Quarter Sessions C ertificates, and thrjultices there assembled shall aflfeis 60 1. for each Man certifn d to be deficient. Commandants in Scotland shall transmit Certificates to the Clerk of Supply, and 60l. shall be afcfled for each Man certified to be deficient.

[.See 43 G. 3. c. 89.]

42 0.3. c. 91J

Places which have nor proceeded to

c. 71.

47" GEORGII III. Stir. 2. A.D. 1807.

and shall not be taken within Ten Taya from the Time of such Default, Desertion, or Absence, to declare a Vacancy, and foitlnvith to fill up the fame according to the Provisions of the said Acts and this Act, until the full Number icquired by this Act shall have been enrolled.

XXV. And be it further Enacted, That the Clerks of Subdivision Meetings shall within Fourteen Days after the Expiration of the Periods allowed under any of the Provisions of this Act, for the balloting and enrolling of any Meu in their respective Counties, make out and return Two Schedules in the Form to this Act annexed marked (F.) Duplicates of each other of the Number and Names of the Men ballotted in their Subdivision and of the Number and Names of Substitutes and Volunteers provided, and also of the Fines pa d by Persons ballotted to serve, and of the Application of such Fines, and shall transmit such Schedules to the Clerk of General Meetings, who shall forthwith transmit One of such Schedules to One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State. 4

0t the M n ballotted under this Act, the Fine* p*>d, and the Application thereof.

XXVI. ' And Whereas an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled, An Act for repealing an Act made in tb; Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Ala]efly t intituled, u An Act for rajjing a B dy of Miners in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon for the Defence of the Kingdom i( during the present War]' and for the more effectually raying end regulating a Body of Miners for the Dfen e f

Great Britain: And Whereas Doubts have arisen whether any Vacancies which have arisen or may arifeby Death or other wise, in the said Body of Devon or Cornwall Miners, can be applied under the Provisions of the said recited Act for Remedy thereof be it declared and enacted, That all Vacancies in the said Body of Devon or Cornwall Miners which have arisen since the patting of the said Act, or which may hereafter arise, may and shall be filled up by Ballot in like Manner as in the said recited Act provided for raising of Men under the said Act; and it shall be lawful for the Lord Warden of the Stanneries, and such Deputy Warden as are in the said Act mentioned, to cause the Lills and Returns of Men liable to be ballotted and enrolled to fenre under the said Act, to be corrected and amended, or Jiew Lifts to be made as shall appear to them to be necessary, in order to the filling up such Vacancies.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be conftmed to extend to the City of London.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every County, Hundred, and Parish, for which the fullNumbef of Men required by this Act shall not have been ballotted and enrolled withitf such Period as shall be allowed under any of the Provisions of this Act, shall be subject to a Fine of Sixty Pounds for every Man required to be ballotted and enrolled, in such County, Hundred, or Parish remaining deficient.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if within One Month after the Period within which all the Men required to be raised under this Act. ought to have been enrolled in any County, any Deficiency shall be supplied either by any ballotted Man or Substitute, then and in such Case the Paritti or Places on which such Fine may be assessed, and in which such Deficiency shall be so supplied, shall be entitled to dedu6t or have a Return of Three-fourth Parts of such Fine of Sixty Pounds, so payable in respect of such Deficiency; and if any such Deficiency shall be supplied within Two Months after such Period, then One-half Fart of such Fine of Sixty Pounds 5 and if within Three Months, then One fourth Part of such Fine of Sixty Pounds as aforesaid; and from and after the Period of Three Months after the Expiration of the Period allowed in any County for ballotting and enrolling Men under this Act, no further Ballot shall take place.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the respective Coloneh or other Commandants of the Regiments of Militia in England, shall, at the Expiration of the Period within which the Men required to be raised under this Act ought to have been enrdtted within their respective Counties, transmit to the Justices of the Peace or Magistrates assembled at the several General Quarter Settlors of the Peace, held for the respective Countie', at the Quarter Settlors of the Peace next after such Period, Certificates of the Number of Men remaining deficient in their respective Regiments under the Provisions of this Act; and the Justices of the Peace, or the Mag*istrates assembled at such Settlors, shall at such SeiTions assess the Penalty of Sixty Pounds*, 'for each Private Man so certified to be deficient as aforesaid, and such Assessment shall be forthwith returned by the Clerk of the Peace to His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in England.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the respective Colonels, or other Commanding Officers of Militia in Scotland, shall, immediately after the Expiration of the respective Periods within which the Numbers of Men to be ballotted and enrolled under this Act in their respective Counties are required to be completed under the Provisions of this Act, transmit to the Clerk of Supply of the respective Counties to the Militia of which they belong. Certificates of the Deficiencies and Vacancies that remain to befitted up in their respective Regiment* under this Act; and such CL rk of Supplyshall forthwith summon a Meeting or the Commissioners of buoply, and the Commissioners of Supply assembled at such Meeting shall assess the Sum of Sixty Pounds for each private Man so certified to be deficient as aforesaid in the Manner directed by an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Maji-fty, intituled, n A3 for providing Relief for the Wives and Families of AFilitia Aim in S* otland; and such Assessment shall forthwith be transmitted by the Clerk of Supply to His Majesty's Ccurt of Exchequer in Scotland; and all the Powers, Provisions, Clauses, 'Rules, and Directions, Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, relating to the making and levying of the Assessments directed by the laidlall recited Act, and the said A6! passed in the Forty-fecund Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Md; tia of Scotland, shall be and are hereby declared to be in full Force for the making and levying of inch Assessment for not completing the Number of Men required to be ballotted and enrolled under this Act, as fully as if the fame w ere herein re-enacted.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That in case the full Number of Men required to be bailotted and enrolled for any County, Hundred, or Parish, in England, shall not have been so ballotted and enrolled, it shall be lawful for the Court of Exchequer, in England, on Application of His Majesty's Attorney General (if it shall

lee

A.D. 1807.

47 GEORGII III. SciT.2.

C. 7 r.

231

fine cl l»y the Coui r of Exehtqjer on A pjilic uio 1 A tie A or .icy General.

be

fee fit) to grant a Rule calling upon the Treasurer of the County, the Chief Constable of the Hundred, or RHot may be Comhble or Ovevfeer of the Root* of any Parish, in respect of which such Application shall be made, to shew Cauleivhy such County, Hundred, or Fariih respectively should not pay iV.ch Sum of Sixty Pounds for every Man so deficient ns aforesaid; and if no sufficient Cause be shewn to tl>e Court, within such Time as shall be specified in such Rule upon such Treasurer, Chief Constable, or Con(1 aides or Overseer of the Poor respectively, lien to fmc such County, lhindieJ, or Parish, in relpcd of which such Application shall be made, in such Sum of Sixty Pounds per Man for every Man so deficient, and to cause such Fine to be levied by Distringai or other Prucefs applicable to the Nature of the Case, according to the Rules and Practice of such Court,

Upon the Chief Constable or Clerk of Subdivision Meetings as to Hundreds, or upon the Overseera of the Poor of the Parish as to the Pari files; and it shall aii'o be lawful for the said Court of Exchequer thereafter to remit any such Proportion of any such Fine or Fines as ii by this Act allowed to be returned, on Proof to the Satisfaction of the Court that the proper Ballot and Enrolment have been executed under this Act within the Time specified as aforesaid.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That in case the full Number of Men lequired to be ballotted and enrolled Pliers in

hr any County in Scotland shall not have been so hallotted and enrolled, it shall be lawful for the Court of ScjiUhJ wl icH-Exchequer in Uoiland, on the Application of His Majesty's Advocate, to make an Order, calling upon the l»*v: 'mt Clerk of Supply of the County, in respect of which such Application fhr.il be made, to shew Cause why such rj

County, or the Parish or Place therein in respect of which such Application shall have been made, shall not f1!lCr! on*pay such Sum of Si >ty Pounds for every Man so deficient as aforesaid; and if no faflicient Cause can be Application t shewn to the Court within such Time as shall be specified in such Order, then to fine such County, Parish or the Coins of Fbcc, in respect of which such Application shall be made, in such Sum of Sixty Pounds per Man for every fhxc^e(lucr Man so deficient, and to cause such l ine to be levied by such Pfocefs as may be applicable to the Nature of cr*the Case, according to the Rules and Practice of such Court; and it (hill also be lawful for the said Court thereafter to remit any such Proportion of any such Fine or Fines as is or are by this Act allowed to be returned, on Proof to the Salrifadion of the Court that the proper Ballot and Enrolment have been executed under this Act v.ithin the Time specified as aforesaid.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as all the Men required to be raised for the Militia of any County under this Act shall have been raised and enrolled, or the Periods allowed for raising Men under this Act shall have expired, all further Ballot in such County shall be suspended, and shall remain so impended until the Fu ll Day of January in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and t: n.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, at any Time Hi> MiR-fty map within such Period as aforesaid, if II<- shall think fit, to order and direct, by any Warrant under His Royal Sign

Manual, that such Ballot shall take place for the Purpose of supplying any Vacancies, or any Proportion of any fjc[^ Periodfc*1 Vacancies, which may have ari fen in the Militia of any County, Riding, or Place, after the Militia thereof shall fUpr>iying have been reduced to the Quota specified in the said Acts of the Forty-iecond Year aforesaid; any Thing in this Vacancies.

Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXV i. And be it further enacted, That wdiere Deputy Lieutenants are by this Act directed or empowered Deputy to do any Ad, Matter, or Tiling, in or concerning the Execution thereof, the same shall be good and valid, if L'ctncninr or it be done by any 011c Deputy Lieutenant, or in the Absence of any Deputy Lieutenant by one Justice of the any AtfTcqusrcd Peace, except as to all such Matters as are directed to be done by Deputy Lieutenants acting in the Absence of lo u dljr!C (, y a Lieutenant or Vice Lieuteua.it, or at any General Meeting, or at any Subdivision Meeting: Provided always, Deputy Licure-that where Two Deputy LieuUnanth only shall be able to attend any Subdivision Meeting for hearing Apoeals nunts under »i*

or making Apportionments, for iupe-intending any Ballots or Enrolments under this Act, it shall be lawful Q^er* for any one Justice of the Peace or Magi A »ate, or where one Deputy Lieutenant only shall be able to attend any Meeting*, such Meeting, it shall he lawful for any Two Justices of the Pence or Magistrates of the Division or District, to fit and ad with such Deputy Lieutc.r it or Deputy Lieutenants, with all such Powers and Authorities relating thereto as are in this Act, or any. w re aring t > -.In* M.litia, given to Deputy Lieutenants.

Wi en Mr 11

raised , & c. Iiallur.g un suspeaded till Jan. 1

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, T < frerin this Act contained relariwg to Icu. tV'i Shires, Divisions, Cities, and Places; a; : 3 a.l contained relating to Hundreds, shall extern i r. ether D vilions in or of any such County. X h Directions, Clauses, Matters, and Things in t to extend to all Townships, Tythinrs, ami

Provision* of tliL Act relating to Comties, exic ided to

t all Provisionp, 1 )iredions, Clauses, Matters, and Thingsxwhaf-.i.ali extend and be construed to extend to all Ridings, Stewarties, provisions, Directions, Clanles, Matters, and Things in this Act .: < do conilrucd to extend to all Rapes, Laths, Wapentakes, and Rid» g«, &c.

Div.u.ni, Shire, Stewartry, City, or Place; andall Provisions, flnd all Power of Ad contained relating to Parishes, shall extend and be construed : ».es, ard to all Extra Parochial Places united therewith for the

Co it able* 10

Tyrhiag-mcn,

&c.

Purposes of any Ad relating to the Militia; an*4 ah Powers by this Act given to any Constable shall extend to all Tythingmtn, Headboroughs, Peace Officers, a id other Persons acting as Constables in any Counties,

Hundreds, Parishes, and Places, in which lucre shall he no Constable, as fully and amply as if they were severally and respectively repeated in every such Provision, Direction, and Clause, and with relation to every such Matter or Thing.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Powers, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures,*u, v*rl of AdU Clauses, Matters, and Things contained in the said Acts of the Forty-second \ ear of His Majesty's Reign, or 9°

in any other Acts relative to the Militia of England and Scotland respectively, shall, as far as the same are applicable extended^ tbi* andean be applied for the Purpose of carrying ti.iu Ad into Execution, and are not hereby altered, varied, or Act. repealed, be applied for the Purposes of 11: i 3 Ad, in as fiui ai»d ample a Manner as if the said Powders, Provisions,

Rules, Regulation?, Penalties, Forfeiture#, Clauses, Matters, and Tilings were again repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

Tcfnnlty on High ConstabJci, &c. insuring for providing SuKftirotcs or Vuiuuteen, tool.

Recovery of Pcualnes under this Act exceeding 20l. b- fire Court of Record.

Justice of Peace or Deputy Lieutenant may dcteimine Penalties under this Art not exceeding ml.

V Jih .ippe; d ro Quartet Session;

Penalty on

W ilnelTe*

pegiedt'Hjf to

appear, 5l.

Form of Couvirtion.

Order* and Convictioni shall not be removed by Ceitiuurt.

0.71* 47° GEORGII III. Sell*. 2. A.D. 1807.

XXXIX. And be it Further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, if any High ConflaLle, or Chief or other Constable, or Schoolmaster, or any Commissioned Officer, Adjutant, Quarter Master, or Serjeant in the Militia, shall insure or take any Money for the tnfurance of, or be in any Way concerned in any Company, Society, Partnership, or Office for the Insurance of any Person or Persons for the providing any Substitute or Volunteer, or Substitutes or Volunteers, or for the paying or returning any Money for the providing any Sub-flitute or Volunteer, or Substitutes or Volunteers in the Militia, for any Person or Persons who maybe ballotted to serve in the Militia, every such High Constable, or Chief or other Con liable, or Schoolmaster, or vorc-missioned Officer, Adjutant, Quarter Mailer, or Serjeant as aforesaid, shall forfeit for every such Offence CHe hundred Pounds.

XL. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, which stall exceedTVtKity Pounds, ffiallbe recovered by Actio» of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, at the Suit of His Majesty's Attorney General for England, or Advocate for Scotland, or at the Suit of any Person appointed to fuefor the fame by any Lieutenant, or Deputy Lieutenants, or Vice Lieutenants acting for any Lieutenant, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or the Courts of Great Session in the Principality of Wales, or the Courts of the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster, and D irham '(as the Case ffipll require), in England, and in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, wherein no Essoign, Privilege, Protection, Wager of Law, orniore than one Imparlance shall he allowed.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace, or Deputy Lieutenant, residing near the Place where any Offence shall be committed against this Act, which subjects the Offender to any pecuniary Penalty, not exceeding Twenty Pounds, to hear and determine such Offence, at any Time within Six Months after the Offence committed; and such Justice of the Peace or Deputy Lieutenant shall, upon any Information, Exhibit, or Complaint, made in that Behalf, summon the Party accused, and also the Witnesses on either Side, and shall examine into the Mat dr of Fadl, and upon due Proof made thereof, either by the voluntary Confession of the Party, or by the Oatn of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to give Judgement for the Penalty or Forfeiture, as by this Act is directed, and to issue his Warrant, under his Hand and Seal, for the levying any pecuniary Penalties or Forfeitures so adjudged on the Goods of the Offender, and to cause Sale to be made thereof, in case they shall not be redeemed within Four Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus, if any; and where the Goods of the Offender cannot be found sufficient to answer the Penalty, to commit such Offender to Prison, thereto remain for any Time not exceeding Three Monthr, unless such pecuniary Penalty shall be focner paid and satisfied; and if any Person or Persons shall find himself or themselves aggrieved by the Judgement of such Justice or Deputy Lieutenant, then he or they shall and may upon giving Security to the Amount or Value of such Penalty and Forfeiture, together with such Colls as shall be awarded in case such Judgement shall be affirmed, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Sessions for the County, Riding, or Place, who are hereby empowered to summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the fame; and in case the Judgement shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such Justices to award the Person or Persons to pay such Costs occasioned by such Appeal as to them shall seem meet.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses, to give Evidence before such Justice or Deputy Lieutenant, touching any of the Matters relative to this Act, either on the Part of the Prosecutor or Persons accused, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable Excuse for such his, her, or their Neglect or Refusal, to be allowed of by such Justice or Deputy Lieutenant, before whom the Prosecution shall be depending, that then every such Person shall forfeit foreverv such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, to be levied and paid in such Manner and by such Means as is directed as to the other Penalties.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the Justice or Deputy Lieutenant before whom any Offender shall he convicted as aforesaid, shall cause the said Conviction to be made out in the Manner and Form following, or in any other Form of Words to the fame Effect, mutatis mutandis, (that is to say),

BE it remembered, That on the Day of in the Year of Our Lord

in County of A.B. of was convicted before

me, C.D. One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace [<?r. One of the Deputy Lieutenants, as the Case my beJ*for the said County, residing near the Place where the Offence was committed, for that the said A.B. on the 1 Day of now lask pall, did, contrary to the Form of the Statute in that Case

c made and provided [hereJldtc the Offence against the Act] and I do declare and adjudge that the said A.B. hath*forfeited the Sum of

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That no Order or Conviction, made in England in pursuance of this Act, by any Lieutenant, Deputy Lieutenant, or Justice of the Peace, shall be removed by Certiorari into any Court whatever, and that no Writ or Certiorari shall superlede Execution or other Proceedings upon any such Order or Conviction, but that Execution and other Proceeding shall be had thereupon, any such Writ or Writs notwith-{landing; and in like Manner no Sentence, Warrant, or Order of any Deputy Lieutenants or Justice or Justices of the Peace in Scotland, shall be removed into any Court whatsoever by Bill of Advocation or Suspension, or JWefs of Reduction, or in any other Manner whatsoever; and that no such Bill, Process, or other Application Hull fill Execution or Procedure upon any such Sentence, ^Warrant, or Order, but that the same shall be carried into Execution notwithstanding thereof.

SCHEDULES

A.D. 1807.

470 GEORGII III. Sess. 2.

C. 7l.'

233

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

(RETURN to be made by Clerk of Subdivision Meeting to Clerk of General Meeting.

Dcfciipiion of Persons liable to serve in the Militia. Totil liable to serve in the Militia. Persons liable to be trained. Perfom exerr.pt.

PatiCh. HavingnoChildrcn Having Children. Exempt from Total Yeoman- Clergy, ^Liccnh (1 Army, Navy, Mariner, Sea Forcible*. In fi rm, Tot.l Apprentices, Clo kv, Pci Ions Total exempt (rum

Under 30. Above 3°. KoChild .inder 14.. Any Child underiH. Militia, but liable to be trained. liable to be trained. ry and Volunteers. Teacher*, Medical M. n, C<m(iab!c$ Aged, Si c. e .< my ted f r. s m Trainingctvii'g by Sub-llit^tc. &c. exempt fio n Militia, bat bamt to bctrained. Militia.

A. 130 150 120 135 535 104 639 "5 7 94 44 260 53 313

B. C. 210 200 214 849 216 1065 223 11 129 37 400 7i 471

General

SCHEDULE (B.)

RETURN to be made by Clerk of General Meetings.

Descripnon of Per font liable to lerve in tnc Militia. Total liable to serve in Persons 1; -blc to be trained. Persons Exempt.

SaWivi- ban. HavmgncCbildrcr Having Children. Exempt born Total Yeoman- Clergy, I.icenlec! Annv, Navy, Ii firm, ! 4, 6 1 Total exempted from Training \ pp-cn tiers, }Ci: ikv, Pci fusts serv ing by Sul-jll 1'ire, Sic. r \. fc.'-pt 1 s vm M, lit.a, h.it liah, to be ruined. T0l.1l cxc'. p; Hum

Under 30. Above 30. NoCUik under 14. Any Child under 1 4 the Militia. M: l'ri*» hut iable to be tram*, d. liable to be trained. tv and Volunteer*. Teachers Mi dir.il Men. Con tabic.' M1 /nes, Sea TurcrMes. Miijin.

A. 230 250 220 235 935 210i*4545 20 207 94 566 691

I. 410 300 314 3*5 >349 464 1, 813 4: 7 36*5 97434 [, 20S

General Total*.

47 Gw. III.

HU

SCHEDULE

234- C. 71. 47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. A.D. 1807.

SCHEDULE (C.)

LIST of Persons between the Ages of Eighteen and Forty-five, dwelling within the Parish oiA. in the County of B.

in Scotland,

Kane* Age. Having no Children. H iving Children. Yeomanry Cl-gy, Liccnled Army, Apprentices,

a>.d and Teacher*, Navy, In film. tVrfon* frrvrii;

Dcfcnption. Under 3c. Above^o. No Child «"di r 1 \ Child or Cmldion .ind.r 14 Volunteers. Medical Men, Constables, Schod ma sters. M rinci, Sea Fer.cibles. by Subrt itute

A.B. Under. - None.

C.D. - Above. - None.

E. F. - Ab^ve*. - - 2

G.lh /. K. Private in Corps.

SCHEDULE (D.)

RETURN to be made by Clerk of Subdivision Meeting in Scotland to Clerk of General Meeting.

farx/Ji Description of Perform liable to serve in the Militia. Tota' liable r<' serve in the Militia. Pctfons exempt from the Militia. > Total exempt from Militia. Toi^umbei of Ptrfom be two- n r r Ages of 18 and 45.

Having r.o Children. Having Children. Y< umir.ry and Volunteer*. Clcruv, Lia nli d T rachers, M« (l»c-ii Men, Coe ft al bs, Seho Imalters. Army, N >vy, M cinfi, Sea Fencibles. Infirm. Apprentices, IVi Ions fervinf by itute, 6c c.

Under 30 A hove 30.! |no C i Id under 14. 1 Any Child under 14.

*5 53 20 33 I25 35 3 zS 8 TO 74 19)

B. 4* 40 43 45 16S 53 5 4? 75 no 283

C. '

SCHEDULE (E.j RETURN to be made by Clerk of General Meeting in Scotland.

Descripnon of Perf«m» liable to erve in rue Militia. TomI Pcifotis exempt from the Mili tin. Total Tofal Ntim'e;

County of Having 1 u Ci.iliiien. H i\u g 1 Children. liaV-lc to serve m Id/) , Li enl-icomanty; rd Tcachrts, Arm'. N-ivy, Ap, r. - t.ccf, c xcmpr uoin M1 lit ra. v t»I 1 Mli be r , 1 ecu Inc

Under 30. Above 3°* No Child under 14. AnvChib* under 14. I nc Militia, and V o!un- Ittrs. dieal Men, C» nft able*, Sch. olmasters. Mai t c s, Sea Fei cibl. s. Infirm. !( ' "tf hY b ut.lt itute. Ago of 18 ai.ci 45.

P.inlh 0 CV. 25 50 20 33 i25 35 3 i3 8 10 7479

- of J C 43 40 43 45 168 50'5 43 7 15 120 288

r-'T'so 1 To; : !s. 1 1

Dy

235

A.D. 18c>7« 47° GEORGII III. Self. 2. C. 71 — 74-

schedule (F.)

SUBDIVISION of County of

Number of Men required to be ballotted.

21.

pari&es, itc. Number rtqmicd. Principals. SubAituics. Volunteers. Date of Enrolment Fines paid by Balloted ty.n. Sum paid to Ovtifeers c» Collator of Cef*. How applied. Sum paid to Uecci\cr General or Collector of Ccf*.

St. 7 Thomas William* S 'mad Junes E«4.mrid Giay William Smith Samuel Davit William Jontk Thomas Smith 0*. 2. O&.4. £io 20 20 20 £ 1 o Tinding Volunteer* 2(1 Balloted Man V £\<; P*'d to 7 I : d BalJolled Man y £to to 5

Sr. Thtmai. 10

St. James 4

Trtau. 21

(Signed) A.B. Clerk of Subdivifi<m Meeting.

CAP. LXXII.

An Act for raising the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds by Treasury Bills for the Service of Irclatul for the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven.

[14th August 1807.]

[As 47 G. 3.JI. 1. c. 10.]

CAP. LXXIII.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Four millions five hundred thousand Pounds for the Service of Great Britain. [l4^h August 1807.]

Treasury may raise <1, 500, 000l. by Loans or by Exchequer Bills as under Malt Act, 47 G 3. Jl. x. c. 3* § I, i. — Such Bills shall bear an Interest not exceeding ^d. per Centum per Dnm, §3. — Such Bills shall not' betaken in Payment at the Exchequer before April 5, i8c$, &c.§ 4. — Such Bills charged on the Firit Supplier u of the next Session, §5. — Bank may advance 4, 500, 000l. on the Credit of this Act, §6.

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act for more effectually securing the Payment of the Debts of Traders.

[14th August 1807.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Payment of the Debts of Persons in Trade flioulcl be secured more effectually than is dime by ti c Laws now in force; Be it therefore enacted by the King s rr.oll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tempo; -.), and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the When a passing of this Act, when any Person, being at thrt Time of his Death a Trader within the true Intent and TucJer lhaild.'e Meaning of the Laws relating to Bankrupts shall die foiled of or entit'ed to any Ellate or Intend in Lands, fr, :, cd t*» any Tenement^ Hereditaments, or other Real Eitnic, which lie shall not by his laii Will have charged wkh or

devised subject to or for the Payment of his Debts, and winch before the passing of this Act would have been f*n.c ihaiM* Aflcts for the Payment of his Debts due on any Specialty in which the Heirs were bound, the same shall be AfVrs.obe Alfcts to be administered in Courts of Equity for the Payment of all the jult Debts of fitch Per foil, as well 1 ln Debts due or Simple Contract an Specialty; and that the heir or Heirs at Law, Devi fee or Devisees of TJt) : or

such Debtor, shall be liable to all the fame Suits in Equity, at the Suit of any of the Creators of such in* nl"1"Uc Debtor, whether Creditors by Simple Contract or by Specialty, as they were before the pafii »g of tki. Act*

H k 7 ° liable

A'*

n, 't to '* i-ifh Act C 2. C. 14.

V' c.

§ j»4.

3-

t.33.

Pofons wr.o, r>*

or: any Time aiu-r viie tii it Day of this hctl'on, wi re lawful Incum-be.m, Tirncugh

5fuy nave accepter! ring-nr'i.icd Cure?, Ih.'li lemain Inoimbcut* tiM the So.mrh D.ty ot iiic next ScfTun, ice.

C. 74, 75..470 G EO R G11 III, Sess. 2. A.D. 1807.

liable to nt the Salt of Creditors by S ecixlty, in which the Heirs were bound: Provided always, that in the Administration of Abets by Courts ot Equity, under and by virtue of this Act, all Creditors by Specialty, in which the Heirs are bound, shall be paid the full A*mount of the Debts due to them, before any of the Creditors by Simple Contract or by Specialty in which the Heirs are not bound, ilie.ll be paid any Part of their Demands.

II.Provided alto., and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend orbedeemed or could rued to extend to repeal, or alter, an Act of Ihirlament made in Ireland in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign ot King George the Second, intituled, sin Ad fjr ri periling an Act p /pa' in this King otn in the Eighth Tear oj the Reign of King George the Fir/?, it. tii idea, '.n sic! for the Idler Retiring the Payment of Bankers Notes9andf r j ruvidirtg a more ejidual Remedy J\r the Security and day, nerd of Debts due by Bankers!

CAP. LX XV.

An Act for fufpcnding the Operation of an Act of the Thirty-six to Year of His present Majesty, for the further Support and Maintenance of Curates within the Church of England) and for o: her Purposes in the said Act mentioned, so far as relates to the Avoidance of Benefices by the Incumbents thereof having accepted augmented Curacies.

[14th August 1807.]

\KT12EItEAS by an Act passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, c T An Act for the farther uf port and Maintenance of Curates within the Church of England, and for making ' certain Regulations rifpitting the Appointment of furls (urates, and the Adnafion of I'd Jons to Cures augmented by i Queen Anne's Bounty, with ref peel to the Avoidance of other Benefices; after reciting that, by an Act passed in

the FirII Year of His late mo-l gracious Majesty King George the Fu ll, it was enacted th3t all Churches,

Curacies, and Chapels which should be augmented by the Governors of the late Queen Aune*s Bounty, Should

be from thenceforth Perpetual Cures and Benefices; and that it was expedient that such augmented Churches,

Curacies, and Chapels, Should be subjected to the fame Rides as Benefices with respect to the Avoidance of

other Benefices; it was enacted that such augmented Churches, Curacies, and Chapels, Should be con-

I'd-red in Law as Benefices Prefenlative, so as that the Licence thereto Should operate in the same Manner as.

Institution to such Ben -fices, and should render voidable other Livings in like Manner as Infiitution to the said

Benefices; and also after reciting that Doubts had been entertained whether the Acceptance of such augmented 1 Churches, Curacies, and Chapels had rendered voidable in Law such other Benefices as the incumbents ponlileJ

before their Acceptance of the fame, nr.d that it was fit that many Incumbents who had accepted inch Churches,

' Curie i'S, and Ch.apeL*, should be quieted in the Possessio.i of the Benefices they enjoyed before the Acceptance ' of the i '-no, it war further enacted and deefe eu*. tint all such Benefices as were held in Conjunction with ' augmented Cures before the pairing of the find AG, should continue to be field by the then Incumbents thero- with, and thr t it should not be lawful to pivf--.it to the said Benefices until they Should become void or voidable c by Death or Ceffi >n, or by other lawful Cause of Avoidance arihng after the passing of the said Act: And 4 V/hereas many Clergymen have innocently and unwarily iince the iaid Ad, and after they were Incumbents of o1.' or Benefices, accepted Churches, Curacies, and Chapels, which were augmented as aforesaid, without r any K iowlcdgc that they would by Rea son thereofca*: fe an Avoidance or Right of i re feat at ion to their former

Bea. lice t: And Whereas it may be expedient that fume Regulation Should hereafter be made reflecting the ' Ac vjuaucc of such augmented Church.es, Curacies, and C: up K, and that for a Time to be limited in that

Ueh-ilr, no K'glit of Deprivation or of P/dentation shall be exm'cised in ivfpedt of the Acceptance of any Inch ' an -/ni'r.i- d C l-.uvii, Curacy, or Chapel Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and w >!> t!u- Advlc'* and Consent oi the I .or-is Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament ahan bled and by the Authority of the same, That all Periods who, upon or at any Time after the First Dry of this preftnc Seifnm of Parliament, were or have been the lawful incumbents of any Benefices, shall, net-with handing th*y have or had accepted any such augmented Cures, but without Prejudice to the Avoidance or Right of Preic .iation, aiii-m from any other Cause, remain and be the Incumbents of such Benefices until the Fortieth Day of the next Session of Parham mu, or until the Death or Oefiion of such Incumbent respectively, or other lawful Caule of Avoidance of such Bcneiicfs respectively, other than the Acceptance of such augmented Cures re fp actively: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall have any other Operation, than to suspeml, during the Time herein-betorc lirwt-d in tli: tt Behalf, the Effect of any PrefenUtions or Inllitufons which have been made or taken place, or lit ill be made or take place in the intermediate Time, to be computed from the said First Day of this present Session of Parliament; provided that the Time during which any Siifpenlion shall tskenlact? of the Effect ol any Preicatation or Imlitution made, or to be made as afore I aid, lhuil not be reckoned Part of the Time during which there hath been a Vacancy, in any Question of Lapse.

C AT;

C»

A.D. 1807.

47° GEORGII III. Se/T.2.

C. 76.

CAP. LXXVI.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[14th August 1807.]

VI.

VII.

VIII.

3, 750, 000

It; , 800, 000

d.

O

o

III. 4, 500, 000 0 0

IV. 3

V. 92, 666 13 4

4^>3j3 6 8

Out of the Surplus of British Consolidatei Fund From the following Duties, viz.

Additional Customs under 43 G. 3. c. 70.

Additional Excise c. 81.

Duties on Property - c. 122.

Additional Cultoins - 44 G. 3. c. 53.

Additional Duties on Property 45 G. 3. c. 1$. AdJitionalExciseonTobaceo, &c. 46 G. 3. c. 39.

Additional Customs -. c. 42.

Additional Duties on Property c. 65.

Part of the Sum of 18, 020, 000 granted by - - 46 G. 3. c. 149, §2.

Surplus of Grants for 1806 being the Profits of the 4th Lottery 1

Profits of said Lottery for Service of >^er 9

I: eland -.. j 46G.J.CM48.J

Granted to make good the Supply for Service of Great Britain for 1807.

The following Sums, viz. Produce of Malt Act

2, 000, 000 0 0 Pensions

10, 500, 000 3 0 Exchequer Fills

12, 200, coo 0 0 Annuities (after d remitted t; > Jr da

3, 000, 000 0 0 Exchequer Bills

1, 500, 000 0 0 Do.

4, 500, 000 0 0 Do.

47 G. 3. ScfT. 1. c. 3.

- <r. 4

- c. 2.

7, OCO, COO

Lotteries (deduetirg On

19.800.000 o o < hit

4.300.000

9: , 666,

3>7 50>^00

-third for I re!a ml)

granted; o Granted above (s' 3-)

Surplus of Grants (granted above §4 )

Profits of Lottery (granted above §3.)

War Taxes Granted above (s' 3.

- c. 23

Sess. 2. c. 6.

- c. 7.

- c. 73.

'* 9

Appropriated to the Lies after expressed See § S, kc.

above, fee §2.)

o 5

13.

o o Out of Consolidated Fund (granted above §1.) J

The following Sums, viz.

i, coo, oco o o (Tivafury Bills) ") p .^47G.3. Sess. i. c.iu.l

co, 000 o o (Part of British Loan) |.omlnf % I - 1

e - J j into Irt'h 1

2 g

1, 500, 000 o o Slime of Lotte; 500, 000 o o 4*333 Application,

17 »4°°> 3 J 7

3, 126, 500

6 8

viz.

9 3 o o

(Loan) - yExchequerV ___

Treasury "Lilia'j UK^the / -

Share of 4th Lottery J c S ^46 G.

c. 20. c.

ScfT.2. c. 9.

- c. 72.

3.--- c. 148.-

Appropriated to the Uses after expressed. See §21, kc.

3, 211, 000 5, 070, coo 422, 300 1, 135, 4*4

At per

Man

per

Month.

o

17

ib

o

IX.

14 To enable H

X.

XI.

XII.

2, 134, 90.3 O 0

1, 500, 000 0 0

300, 000 0 0

500, oco O 0

4.900, 000 0 0

' His Majesty totals

500, 000 0

180, 000 0 0

*9.«7S.94<5 12 6

1, 623 O 6

2, 609, 1433 9

For the Navy Services following, viz.

Wages for !3?, ooooMen, including 3; , 400 .marines Their Victualling Wear and Tear of Ships Por Ordnance for Sea Service Ordinary of the Navy (including Half Pay)

Building, rebuilding and repairing Ships, extra Hire of Transporis -

Sick and Wounded Seamen at Home and Abroad Prisoners of War at Home and Abroad

For the Service of Great Britain: such Measures as the Exigencies of Affairs may require. For the Service of Irehrd for like Purpose.

A dvanced to King of Praffia.

For the I, and S u vice following, v'rz.

For 113.793 effective Men in Great Britain and I relax b For the Forces in the Plantations, c\c. including Gibral-tar, the i> I edit err a man, Cape of Good Hrpe, Cry lot7, New Sout/j Ji'alcsi and on Special Service

° i

o }> For it

Months.

For the Year 1807.

f Out of all or any of < the Aids or Supplies £ aforesaid.

From

>25 th I)eremier 1 So 6 to 241 \\2Duculler l bo7.

A.D. 1807.

C. 76.

XII.

continued.

47" GEORGII III. Sess. 2.

tC

25.314 10

d.

o

377.349 0 10

17

7

17 16 11

18

190, 529 2, 493, 644

62, r53 157.327 34.4*8

-221, 2CO

4*7.373

286, 982 I95>53S 1 2

44, coo o o

o

4

o

5 11

76o

406, 383

7 5

4^58 7 1*49°^°1 4 832, 540 19 18, 208 15 18, 461 10

6

8

9

11

TO

5

From

25 th December 1806 to 24th December 1807.

From

25 th December 1806 to l^thDeccmber 1807.

469, 450 12 6

12, 000 0 0

841.536 6 5

506, 237 0 0

5*.93+ 7 3

15, 000 0 0

793, 710 0 8

2, 950, 000 0 0

600, 000 0 0

XIII. 2, 278, 197 0 10

301.4069«

262, 367 14 2

4: 9, 246 19 7

XIV. I c. 500, 0 0 0 0

XV. 4, 3^0, co 1 0 0

XVI. 3, 0 0, 000 0 0

XVII. 1, 500, 000 0 0

xviii. 5>3ff2 17 8

XIX. Civil Establ lishments.

For Five Troops of Dragoons and Thirteen Companies of'

Foot for recruiting the Regiments serving in India On Account, for Recruiting and Contingencies for th Forces in Great Britain and Ireland, See.

For General a*.d Staff Officers and Hospital Officers in 1 -, xr n

Great CrUah, and Ireland, ccc - - .} For the Year >827

For the embodied M; : itia and Fcucible Infantry in Great'

Britain and Ireland -

For Contingencies for Ditto -

For cloathii.g the Militia of Great Britain Supernumei ary Officers of the Forces -

Principal Officers of Public Departments in Great Britain and Ireland\ and Exchequer Fees -

Increased Rates to Innkeepers on quartering Soldiers and Allowances, &c. - - Ji

On Account of Half-Pay to reduced Officers of Land Forces -

For Military Allowances to reduced Officers of Land

For Half Pay and Allowances to reduced Officers of*or ^ie Year British American Forces -

On Account of Officers late in the Service of the States General -

Chelsea and Kilmainham In and Out Pensioners and From 25th Dec. 1806 Expences of the Hospitals - - - j to 24th Dec. 1807.

Widows Pensions in Great Britain and Ireland - - For the Year 1807,

Volunteer Corps in Great B ilnin and Ireland Foreign Corps in His Majesty's Service Allowances to Chaplains of the Forces General Hospital Expences, ike. for Ireland, Military Infirmary in Dublin -

Barrack Department in Ireland

On Account of Land Officers* Children and Widows not entitled to Pensions -

Extraordinary Expenditure of Commissary General Department of Great Britain Barrack Department in Great Britain For defraying the Charge of fuodry Additions to the Establishment of the Army - For Charge for attaching Inspecting Field Officers to Volunteer Corps of Great Britain

Army Extraordinaries not provided for

Army Extraordinaries in Great Britain Litto Ireland

For Ordnance Office for Land Service in Great Britain Litto not provided for -

Litto Ditto -

For Ordnance Sendee in Ireland -

To discharge out (landing Exchequer Bills under 46 G. 3. c. 25.

Ditto issued for the Service of 1806.

Ditto 46 G. 3. c. 41.

Ditto ----- c. 26.

To make good Money issued by Addresses of the House of Commons.

From

25 th December 1806 to 24th December 1807,

> For the Year 1807.

) From 25th De\ 1805 J to 24th Dec. 1805.

J For the Year 1807.

For the Year 1807. In 1^05.

In 1806.

For the Year 1807.

8.280 0 0 Upper Canada, 0

7.163 O 0 Nova Scotia. 1, 0^0 0

4, 650 0 0 New Brunswick 600 0

3 100 0 0 Prince Edward Island. 12, 705 0

2, 040 0 0 Cape-Bret n. 18, coo 0

1, 865 O 0 Newfoundland. 14, 000 0

22, 17>' 3 \o Royal Military College -

21, 227 8 4 Ro\; d Military Asylum Chelsea

6, 853 0 0 Sup* rintendance of Aliens

J 2, 0 JO 0 0 Pubnc Offirce Bow Street

d

o

o

o

o

o

o

Bahama Iffands. Bermuda's Iffands. Dominica.

New South Wales. Forts in Africa. Sierra-Leone.

J From \ Jan. 1 \ol)ec 31

1 1807.

For the

Year 1807.

C.j6

239

}XX.

tontinued.

5 Wo

15.000

12.000 175, coo

20.000

3, 000

11, 600 140^99 17

M32

9>9S*

1 ,28

i, 9H

5, 210

39.7 r-o

i f , 800

1, 200 COO 196, 949

*39>X3S

11, 750

29, 500

20.000

10.000 4, 000

5

4

o

o

o

o

r9

16

H

o

o

o

o

d.

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

6

6

4

5 o o

o

o

} For the Year 1807.

J

Convicts at Home -

Extra Contingencies of the Three Secretaries of State Extra Messengers to Ditto -

Foreign and other Secret Service Money Law Charges -

Prosecutions relating to the Coin Conviction of Fe lons

Freri h Clergy, Toulouse. Dutch, and Corsican Emigrants, and American Loyal ills Ditto Deficiency of Grant

Protestant Fificnting Ministers in England and Ireland, and French Refugees -

The Ministers of the Faudois Churches S, c.

Stationary to the Court and Offices of Exchequer Salaries, See. to O ficers of Loth Houses of Paishment

Work done at the Two Houses of Parliament, and at the Speaker's Home lines 5th April 1806, N: c.

Ditto for Deficiency irr 1806,

Interest on Exchequer Bills paid off in 187

- s — r " <. 1

April 1^07.

October loO".

For the Year i$c6.

For the Year 1807.

For S'ffi on 1806, 7.

the-

Discharging 5per Cent. Annuities Ditto

m m i o7.

r Under V G. 3 c. 10.lQn , w

j g'd p-b'A to., , oj,

L 4? (r 3 c 7 1 J

9'"s9II 8;

14, 881 l6 2

459 2 4

70, 977 n 0

2, 046 6 0

10, 2504 0

51, 2504 0

5>coc 0 0

25, coo 0 0

11.5: 8 J4 6

5>5v 7 2 0

5, 000 0 0

4, 252 1 1

731 11 11

1, 216 17 10

7, 549 0 2

2H 10 0

762 10 0

6.19 12 0

224 12 0

974 3 6

272 5 4

3* >72 18 0

53590

1, 622 19 6

7i 4 0

114: 1 0

2»r>37 T3 6

29*4 0

27* 12 6

434 17 0

ii-60 39 0

1, 533 0 0

«, 5<; 3 J3 0

6>J5<5 9

Purchase of Premises in iSo7, in and near Palace Yard (See a6 G. 3. c 8y.) Printing and Stationary for both Houses of Parliament, in the Year lSoy.

Printing Votes, Bills, Reports &c during the Two Seffiuns ib. 7.

Reprinting Journals of the House of Commons in 80?.

Printing the 59th Volume of the Journals of the Commons in 1v 07.

Deficiency of Grant for Printing &CC-, for both Houses* J Ditto for Printing Votes, Bills, &rc. House of v ommons '? In 1806.

Ditto for Printing Journals - j

Building a New Mint on Tower Hill for the Year 1807.

I rinting Articles of Impeachment, Evidence, Trial Sec. of Lord Viscount Mcivile. Roads and Bridges in Scotland - - "4

Inland Navigation from the Er.flcrn to the Western Sea Fees passing Publick Accounts Discharging Bills drawn from Nezu South Wales For t!ic Loss of the Dunkirk on the Coast of Denmark.

>For the Year 1807.

1

Salaries to additional Commissioners, &c. for Auditing For Half a Year to Publick Accounts)I w-th October i8c6.

To James Join fan Architect of New Mint.

Additional Allowances to Clerks in Auditors Office to loth 'ept mlcr 18c6. 'lo Dr. Clarke for his Trouble relating to an At\ for the Residence of tin* Clergy.

To Deputy Great Chamberlain for Expences of Trial of Ld. Mel Hie.

Q ( To Solicitors for earn ing on the Impeachment against Lord IIcLille. v j At tendance on Committees House of Commons for the Year jSc6.

"5 i Counsel to the Chairman of the House of Lords for the Sefiiou 1806.

To T/j 'tnes Police Ouice for Plan for Security of Shipping.

Clerk Aliidant to House of Lord- for additional Trouble during the Trial of Lord Me hide.

To various Persons attending the Trial of Lord MclvJe.

House in Downing Su cct for an ( I lice of the India Boaid of Co: »trou!.

Ilorfe. Patrole round the Metropolis.

Bounties on Fish

Expences of the Office of Military Expenditure in th.* West Indies under 41 G\ 3. c. 22.

Sir If. ac Heard for extra Expences at the Funeral of Lord Nelson.

Books of Science, £zc. fur New South Wales.

Expences of Office of Comitikmens of Military Inquiry linear 4c G. 3. c. 47 Deputy Serjeant at Arms to I louse of Commons fur Ho le to ALdj'um. 1806.

U) o

Bounties on I*iill imported into D min': ca. c PuMishing Average Price of Brown oii'gar.

Expences of Commissioners of Inquiry into Naval Abuses ( ^443 0.

45 O.3. c. 46.)

Se; Jeant at Arms to the House of Lords for Service during 1806. ^Chairman of the Committees of Ilouf- of L' ids for Selii u 1806..Expences of the Lord Chambcrlaiu on the Trial of Lord Melv.hc.

3"

16*

C. 76.

k XX.

continued.

XXI.

XXII.

XXIII.

XXIV.

47" GEORGII III. Sess. 2.

A.D. 1807.

£ s. d.

377 8 6

<, 210 0 0

10, 306 18 5

4>925 0 0

2, 000 0 0

20, 000 0 0

S»55* 5 0

3, 000 0 0

1, 200 0 0

94*33* 18 si

29, 000 0 0

30, 000 0 0

4*993 5 0

£ /. d.

340 0 0

240 0 0

200 0 0

2$0 0 0

2CO 0 0

2 00 0 0

GO 0 0

2CO 0 0

25, 000 0 0

t , 2 00 0 0

20, 500 0 0

2 J, 2C8 0 0

25: OCO 0 0

2, 500 0 0

9 4: 9 18 0

J*c47 JO 2

(CO 0 0

6, Or 0 0 0

i, oS6 0 0

740 0 0

22, 500 0 0

3, 4°S 0 0

6*33° 0 0

6, 330 0 0

7 >77* 16 O

21, 600 0 0

5, 000 0 0

12, 000 0 0

5, 000 0 0

IO, COO 0 0

4 >500 0 0

23, 270 0 0

22, 500 0 0

6c90 O

j 1, 626 0 0

j, 3°6 0 0

1, 262 0 0

7*957 0 0

*5*997 0 0

3»°; 2 0 0

M33 0 0

For Deficiency of Grant in 1806 for Protedant Difienting Ministers, &c. Salaries, &c. to Officers of both Houses of Parliament for SeiTion 1807.

Captors of the Second Swedish Convoy.

British Mujettm, to purchase the Lansdown Manuscripts.

Repair of henry the Seventh's Chapel.

To Doctor E. Jenner as a further Reward for discovering the Vaccine Inoculation,

British Museum for general Purposes.

Board of Agriculture Veterinary College -

j- For the Year 1807.

VIn Ireland. f ^7 ?ne Yeaning 15th January 1007.

{From 5U1 Januan if 07 to 5th January iSoS.

In Ireland

) from 5th January 1807 to 5 ih January 1808.

-J

Purchase of Buildings in PaLcc Yard [See 46 G. 3. c. 89.] For the Year iSo\ Naval Asylum.

The Military Roads in North Britain - - For the Year 1807.

Irish Currency

Accountant General for preparing Public Accounts for Scfijons 1806 and 1807. His Deputy -

Examinator of Corn Bounties Iniperior General of Imports and Exports, preparing Accounts His l'irft Clerk for extra Trouble Examinator of Excise, preparing Accounts His Assistant Clerk in Auditors of Exchequer Office, preparing Accounts

Civil Buildings in Ireland

Printing, Sec. 250 Copies of Acts 47 G.

Proclamations and Advertisements in the Dublin Gazette Printing and Difimrfcments for Secretaries OHice, and other Public Offices in Dublin Castle Criminal Prosecutions -

Apprehending Public!; Offenders Non conforming Ministers Expenc of Pratique in Dublin Port The Gold Mine of IVicklciu

Incidents of the Treasury Cloathing the Heralds, &c. For Three Years Cloathing Battle Axe Guards. For 18 Months Commissioners to enquire into Fees, &c. in Public Offices in Ireland (iee 45 G. 3. c. 65.)

Irish Commissioners for taking Evidence on Petitions against Returns to Parliament Commissioners, &c. for granting Lottery Licences - For 2Years to 25 June 15*07. Commissioners for certifying outstanding Prizes - To 25 June iSo'j.

El ecting a Buoy at Dundrum Bay in the County of Down

Trustees of the Linen Manufactures for One Year Board of First Fruits for building and rebuilding Churches, &c.

Dublin Society for promoting Husbandry, &c. (2000l.

in Aid of the Institution at Cork)

Farming Society of Ireland

Paving, Sec. the Streets of Dublin Commissioners for making wide and convenient Streets in Dublin -

Incorporated Society for promoting English Protestant Schools -

Foundling Hospital in Dublin Hibernian Marine Society Hibernian School for Soldiers Children Female Orphan House, near Dublin Association for discountenancing Vice, &c.

Westmoreland Lock Hospital -

House of Industry and Penitentiary 80 Patients in Fever Hospital in Cork-street

Lying-in Hospital -

from 17 March 1807. from 1 June lio).

For the Year 1827.

'I

ending 5 Jan. 1807.

y From 5 Jan. 1807. to 5 Jan. j8o8.

A.D. 1807.

470 GEORGII III. Seflf.2. C. 76 — 7#.

d, Irish.

J XXIVr 400 o o Commissioners For Charitable Donations

mtinurd.

[13, 000 o o query British] Roman Catholic Seminary

C03 o o Stevens's Hospital -

9 5r7 o O Surgeon's Hall -

04 o O Sir Patrick Dun 8 Hospital

XXV. — Supplies Ilia! be applied only to the Purposes authorized, lcc,

XXVI. — Rules for receiving Haif Pay

XXVII. — Application of Overplus of Sum (under 46 G. 3. c. 149.) to Reduced Officers

From 5th Jan. 1*07, to 5th Jan. 1808.

J

in former Acts.]

CAP. LXXVII.

An Act for confirming Articles of Agreement for an Exchange of Lands between His Majesty and D.: vid Jel'b Esquire, in the Parish of Egham, in the County of Surrey.

[14th August 1807.]

CAP. LXXVIII.

An Act for v*fling the Capital M flu if e, with the Appurtenances, situate in William c//vr/, in the City of Dublin, now or lately inhabited by the Ri^ht Honourable Lord Ponverfiourt9 in His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and for applying the Purchase Money in Manner therein mentioned.

b [14th August 1807.]

H Premises belonging to Lord po*wcrfourt veiled (on Payment of £l5>000 ^7 Commissioners of the u Stamp iJutics in Ireland) in His Majesty.

*4*

1

47 Geo. III.

1 i

LOCAL

242 C.i — iv. 47 GEORGII III. Sess. 2. A.D. 1B0/* LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED, OR PRINTED COPIES WHEREOF ARE DECLARED TO BE EVIDENCE.

; Af. B. — The Continuance of such of the ensuing Acts as are temporary will he known (where it is not expressly fated) by referring to the following Lift, according to the con cjiponding Letter in the litle. (a) For 21 Years, lAc. [i. e. to the end of the then next Section] from a Day named in the Ad., ib) For 21 Years, from the passing of the Ad. (c) For 21 Years, lAc\ after the End of the Term under former Acts. All Acts in this Lift, not distinguished by the Letters (q. P.) are Public Acts; to each of which is annelid a Clause in the Form following. 44 And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, juitiecs, and others, without being specially pleaded/1 (q. P.) Quasi-Publick A fts, i. e. Acts to each of which is annexed a Clause in the Form following. 44 And be it further enacted, That this Act: shall be printed by the Printer to the King's most Excellent* Majesty, and a Copy thereof so printed shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others."

t; Cap. i.

\\ f A N Act for the more speedy and easy Recovery of Small Debts in the Borough and Parish of Boftont and I be /I. Hundreds of Skirkbeck and Kirton (except the Parishes of Gojbcrtcn and Suifeet) in the County of Linscln.

[25th July 1807.]

-11 1* Former Act 26 G. 2. c. 7. repealed, and also so much of former Act J9 G. 3. c. 43. as relates to the Parishes of Wrangle, Leake, Lever ton, Bennington, Butterwick, and Fi ecston.

P<*rfons destroying the Works deemed guilfy of Felony. Cap. ii. An Act for constructing a Pier and Harbour at or near the Town of Folkestone, in the County of Kent.

[25th July 1807.) 44 The Folkcjl'ine Harbour Company incorporated, § t. See. — Duties on.Coals under 6 G. 3. c. 63. applied to the Purposes of this Act, §35.; and new Duties imposed, §36. — Tonnage and Harbour Duties allowed to be imposed. §37, 3S. — Duties on Herrings and Mackarel, §39. — Duties on Exports and Imports, §40, 41. 44 and Schedule. — Wharfage Duties, §43* — EVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons whom foe ver, who shall atanyTime or Times hereafter wilfully or designedly demolilb, break down, damage, or set on Fire the said Pier, Quays, Wharfs, or any of the Works which shall be conilrufted in or which shall belong to the said Harbour, or who shall wilfully do any Damage to any of the Shipping or Goods within the same, or who shall wilfully or design-edly extinguish or put out any of the Lights 11 fed in or belonging to the said Harbour, for the Safety and Protection of the Ships or other Vessels resorting to the fame, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony* and the Court, by and before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried and convicted, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person or Persons to be transported for the Term of Seven Years, or in Mitigation of such Punishment may award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petit Larceny.

zt G. 3. t. 5*. 33 G. 3. c. 19. 39 G. 3. c. 44. Cap. iii. An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act, of the 'Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty, for arr.cadfog Two Acts, of the Twenty-eighth and Thirty-eighth Years of His present Majesty, for enlarging and improving the Harbour of Leith, for making certain new Streets and Roads, and widening other* adjacent to and connected with the Acid Harbour.

[25th ^07 ] 44 Tonnage Duties allowed to be imposed, §25. — Dock Duties, §29. and Schedule. Cap. iv. An Act for erecting a County Hall, and other Offices, for the CouHtr of Perth.

[25th July 1F07 ] c*

A.D. 1807.

47O GEORGII III. Self. 2

C.v — x

243

Cap. r.

An Act to enable the London Dock Company to purchase certain Water Works in the Parishes of Stratford.

IPejlham, Bow, Bromley, Mile End, and Stepney, and other Parishes adjacent; and to amend the several Act for making Wet Docks and other Works for the Accommodation of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London.

[25th July 1807.]

" Recital of 3 & 4 W. &c M % c. 37. and 21 G. 2. c. 8* as to Shadwell and Stratford Water Works; and also of 40 G. 3, c. xlvii. 44 G. 3. c. ii. 45 G. 3. c lviii. and 46 G. 3. c. lxix. for establishing the London Dock 14 Company; and also of the Warehousing Ad, 44 G. 3. c 100. London Dock Company empowered to 14 contract for the Purchase of the Westham, &c. Water Works. §1, 2. — The Paid Company empowered to " hare and use a Common Seal, §3, 4. — Directors and Managers of the said Dock Company shall be the Governors and Managers of the said Water Works, without being elected in the Manner prescribed by said Acts of 3 & 4 IV. & M. and 21 G. 2 $ 5, 6. — So much of former Act ns required the Company to put up

" a Foot Bridge at the inner Part of the Entrance Lock repealed, §7. — The Co mpany retrained from reclaiming' a certain Portion of Ground given up by them in Wafping Street, &c. and compelled to keep in Repair the 14 Bridges, idc. over the Entrance Dock, §8. — All Actions may be profecULcd and defended in the Name of 14 the Treasurer to the London Dock Company, § Q. — Saving for Rights of the Trustees of the River Lea,

44 § r\ — Saving for the Rights of the Lords of the Manor of Westham, § II. — Expences of this Act, §12. —

Public Act, §13.

Cap. vi.

An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act, pa .Ted in the Twenty-eighth Year of His present 2S G. 3. c. 82; Majesty, for taking down and rebuilding the Gaol of the Cuille of Chisler, the Prothonotary's Office, the Exchequer Record Rooms, and other OiTiees and Buildings adjoining or near to the said Gaol.

[23th July 1807.]

Cap. vii

An Act for the more cafy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parishc9 of Saint John the Baptist, SJtnt Peter the slpjlle, and Birching ion, and the Fill of H' cod, in the JJle of Thanet, and County of Kent.

[2Jth July 1807.]

tf Jurisdiction of the Commissioners extended to /£$,

XXVI. And ns it may happen that Persons served with Process issuing out of the said Court of Requests, RcCorrj Of may, in order to avoid Execution, remove their Persons and Effects beyond the Limits of the Jurisdiction of judgement may the said Court; be it therefore enacted, That in all Cases where a final Decree or Judgment for any Sum or foe removed into bums exceeding Ten Shillings, shall have been obtained in the said Court, it IhVl and maybe lawful to and forJJr

any of His Mnj- ily's Courts of Record at Westminster, upon Affidavit made and filed of such Decree or Judgment being obtained, and of diligent Search and Enquiry having been made after the Person or Persons of Execution issued the Defendant or Defendants, or his, her, or their Goods and Chattels, and of the Precept of Execution to the Sheriff of having issued again! the Person or Persons or Effects, as the Case may be, of the Defendant or Defendants, and any County, t: at the Person or Persons, Goods and Chattels of such Defendant or Defendants, is or are not to be found wrtbin the Jurisdiction of the said Court, which Affidavit may be made before a Judge or a Commissioner authorized to take Affidavits, to canfe the Record of the said Decree or Judgment to be removed into such Superior Court, and to issue Writs of Execution thereupon, to the Sheriff of any County, City, Liberty, or PKce, against the Person or Persone, or Goods and Cliattels of the Defendant or Defendants, in the fame Mi, arras upon Judgment obtained in any of the said Courts at Westminster; and the Sheriff upon every such LVcution fli.il! and lie is hereby authorized to detain the Defendant or Defendants until the Sum of Ten Sailings be paid to him, or to levy t!ie fame out of the Effects, according to the Nature of the Execution, for t; ie extraordinary Coll? of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in the said Court, subsequent to the said Decree or Judgment, a id of the Execution in the Superior Court, over and above the Money for which such Execution shall be 1'nied.

Cap. viii.

An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for the^q^c> I0> better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets and Lancs in the Parish and Borough of New JVitJjjr, in the County of Berks, and for preventing Nuisances therein.

[23th duly 1807 -J

Cap. ix.

An Act for amending several Acts, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal , ? r; Navigation, to tliva City of Oxford.

[25th duly 1807.] r; . 3. c to.

34 G. 3. c. 3?, 1034 36 U. 3. c. 95i 39 G. 3 c 5.

Cap. x.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to join the Lichfield Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Shcnstone, in the County of Shtfilrd, and for making a Branch of Road to communicate therewith. (£) [23th July 1807 ]

Ii*

Cap.

A.D. 18Joy.

Cap. xu

An Act for repairing and maintaining certain Roads in the County of Dumbarton, and building Bridges thereon, (b) [25th July 1807.]

Cap. xii.

31 f; '*cc67't An Act for the more etteftually repairing certain Roads in the Counties of Salop, Denbigh, and Merioneth. (0) 11 G. 3. c. /03.

[251b July 1807.]

Ca/. xiii.

An Act for making and maintaining Roads from Percy's Cross to Mi (field Bum, and from Woolcr to Bowfdon Bum, in the County of Northumberland, (b) [25th JWy 1807.]

Cap. xiv.

s*G 3 c 760 Act ^or continu'n^ Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Fourth

5.3. c. no. an(j Twenty-fifth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Beverley to Kexby, Bridge, in the County of York, (c) [25th , /Wy 1807.]

Cap. xv.

An Act for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from Brampton to Longtonvn, in the County of Cumberland, and for erecting a Bridge over the River Line upon the said Road, (a) £25th July 1837.]

Cap. xvi.

*6 G. 3. c. 139. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from Flooierjbrook Bridge to the South End of Wilder}-pool Causeway, and from the Town of Frodsham to Ashton Lane End, in the County of Chester, so far at respects the Chester Dili rift of the said Roads, and for extending the fame fr^in the prefei.t Termination thereof at Flooierjbrook Bridge aforesaid, to the North End of Cow Lane Bridge, in the City of Chester^ and for making a new Road from such proposed Extension of the said Road to the North End of Queen treett in the fame City. (b) [25th July 1807 ]

Cap. xvii.

46 G. 3. c. 139. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from Flooierjbrook Bridge, in the Township of Newton near Chester, to the South End of IVilderfpool Causeway, and from Frodsham to Ashton Lane End, in the County of Chester, so far as relates to the Frodsham District of the fame Road, (c) [25th July 1807.]

Ctp. xviii.

G. 3. c. S3. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Fifth and aSG. 3. c. 134. Twenty-sixth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Kipping's Cross, in the Parish of Brenchley, in the County of Kent, to JVilJley Green, in the Parish of Cranbrooke, and from a Place near Gomhurst Gore to Stilebridge, and from Underden Green to Wanjhutt's Green, in the County of Kent, (r)

1*5* July 1807.]

Cap. xix.

1; G. 3. c.l©8. An Act for reviving, continuing, and enlarging the Powers of an Act, of the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from the South-east End of Loughborough, in the County of Leicester, to Derby Bridge, near the Rallies, and from thence to the South End of Cavendsjh Bridge, in the same County. (J) [25th July 1807.]

Cap xx.

An Act for repairing, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in the County of Perth. (b) [25th July 1807.]

*, Cap xxi.

5 G. 3. c. 71. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts, passed in the Fifth, G. 3. c. 91. Sixth, and Twenty-sixth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Tonbngt

«6 G. 3. c. 154. to Maidstone, and from Wi tt's Cross to Cowden, in the County of Kent, so far as they relate to the Road from Tonbridge to Maidstone. (r) [l$l)\july 1807 ]

Cap. xxii.

5 G. 3. c. 54. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, of the Fifth and 16 G. 3. c. 157. Twenty-sixth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Wadhurst, in the County of Sussex, to the Turnpike Road at Lambe> hurst Pound and Pullens Hill, in the County of Kent, and from thence to West Farley Street, in the County of Kent. (c) [25th jWy 1&07J

Ctp.

245

C<p. xxiii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Stibbington-cvm-Wandesford, otherwise Wands ford, and the Hamlet of Sifon, within the said Parish, in the Counties of Huntingdon and Northampton. (q. P.) [25th July 1807.]

[And for moling Compensation for Tythes.]

Cap. xxiv.

An Act for Inclosing Lands in the Parish of Longhoughton, in the County of Northumberland, (q. P.)

[35th July 1807.]

Cap. xxv.

An Act for inclafing Lands in the Manors and Township of Hunton, in the North Riding of the County of York. (q. P.) [25th July 1807.]

Cap. xxvi.

An Act for inclosing Chew Moor, in the Township of Lojloch, in the Parish of Bolton in the Moors, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. (q.P.) [25th July 1807.]

C<p. xxvii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of IVarkwoJth and Lesbury, in the County of Northumberland. (q.P.)

[25th July 1807.]

Cap. xxviii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Great Staughton and Grafflsam, in the County of Huntingdon. (q.P.) v [And for making Compensation for Tythes [25th July 1807.]

An Allotment made to His Majesty; and so much of the Award of the Commissioners as relates thereto Hull be transmitted to the Office of Land Revenue, §36.

Cap. xxix.

An Act for amending, rendering more effectual, and continuing Parts of an Act, of the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, for extending the Royalty of the City of Glasgow over certain adjacent Lands, for paving, lighting, and cleansing the Streets, and other Purposes in the said Act mentioned.

£ 1st August 1807.]

The Rates to continue for 14 Years, lAc. after passing the Ad.

Cap. xxx.

An Act for the better Relief of the Poor of the Parish of Christchurch, in the County of Midd/efex.

[ 1st August 1807.]

Cap. xxxi.

An Act to authorize the Advancement of further Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund to be applied in completing the Canal across the Isle of Dogs, and erecting other Works there, and for effecting other Improvements of the Port of London, in Execution of certain Acts already passed for those Purposes.

[ 1st August 1807.]

*4 Recital of former Acts, 39 G. 3. c. lxix. 5 42 G. 3. c.xlix.; 43 G. 3. c. cxxiv. 5 45 G. 3. r.lxiii 545, 000! more <4 may be advanced out of the Consolidated Fund for the Purposes of the said Acts, §1-3. — Former Acts 39 G 3. e. lxix.; 42 G. 3. c. cxiii.; and 44 G. 3. c, vii. recited. — For the Puq^ofe of building a Wall on

1 the South Side, and at each End of the IVJl India Export Dock, and also Offices for the Revenue, and Barracksfor Soldiery on Duty at the Docks, 3 , ocol. more may be advanced out of the Consolidated Fund, §4.4 — All the said Sums shall be paid out of the Rates and Duties payable under former Acts, §3, 6, See.

See former A A, 37 G. 3. c. 79.

Cap. xxxii.

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant the Citadel and Walls of the City of Carlisle, and certain Grounds adjoining thereto, to the Justices of the Peace for the County of Cumberland, for building Courts of Justice fop the said County, and for other Purposes relating thereto. [ 1st August 1807.]

Cap. xxxiii.

An Act for ascertaining and establishing the Rates of Wharfage, Cannage.Plankage, Anchorage, and Moorage* to be received at the lawful Quays in the Port of Bristol; for the Regulation of the Cranekeepers in the said Port 5 and for the better Regulation of Pilots and Pilotage of Vessels navigating the BrJlA Channel.

[jft August 18^7.3

u Former Acts ?i & 12 W. 3. c. 23. 5 43 G. 3. c. cxl. recited. — Tonnage-Rates, and Rates for Anchorage,

#< Wharfage, Cranage, &c. granted, § I. and Schedules. — Vessels navigating the Bristol Channel shall be piloted

*4 by Persons lice/ifed by the Corporation, §9. 6zc.

1 XXXI. And

246

Pci so is cfoping

i'ttr, other

C iiiuh s m3) be liUloWcd.

43 C. 3. c. lviii.

JwAires of Ptuce, in

S' on* m Y alRfs the C unty.

Rental of the County shall He Jivered to ne.; t Quarter S'.fuons.

RmtalofPa'irtics i; d)i be icturm d at, mi iilv to the ^uurttr icfficnj*

C'.xxxiii, xxxiv. 47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. A.D. 1807.

XXXI. And be it further enaHcd, That in case any Person against whom a Warrant shall be issued by any Justice or Justices before or after any Conviction for any Offence against this Act shall escape, go into a Residence, or be in any County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place out of the Jurisdiction of fuc.li .luilice oi Justices granting such Warrant or Warrants, or if the Goods and Chattels vf any Offender con video of any'Offence in pursuance of this Act ttuil be in a different County, Riding, Divisi n, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, than where the Lid Party was couvidedf or Warrant of Dili refs granted, it shall be lawful for ary Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, down, or Place, into which the Party shall cfcat-e either before or after Conviction, and they and every of them are hereby required, upon Proof made upon Cuth e>f the Hand Writing of any Justice or .lattices granting such Warrant or Warrants, to iutlorfe his or their Name or Names 011 such Warrant, and the fame, when so indovfed, shall be a fuffLient Authority to all Peace OJirers to execute fir. h Warrant in such Con. tv. Riding, Division, City, Town, or Place out oi the Jurisdiction of the Justice or J nit ices respectively. on the Offender or Offenders being apprehended and brought before him or them within their respectiv? Jurisdictions, may proceed to hear and determine the Complaint, and may direct toe Offender or Offenders to be carried to the Justices or Justice who granted the original Warrant, to be dealt with according to Law.

Cap. xxxiv.

An Act for empowering the Justices of the Peace for the County of Kent, to make n fair and equal County Rr'e

for the said County, and provide convenient Court Houses for holding the Affi/es and General' Q'.art r

Sessions of the Peace, and other Publick Meetings, within the said County. [itt AujuJl 1807.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intitul'd,

An Act for repealing so much of an Act, mad: in the Ninth 2\ar of the Reign of King George the Secon.,

intit uhd, " An /id to enable the Justices of the Peace, aiding for the IVi/l.rn Difion of the County of Kent to* parch, fe a convenient Piece of Ground for building a Gaol for the said County, and J\>r empowering the fuddifiiw " to apply Part of the County Stock of the said Division towards the fame R as requires ihcA the f ml Gad fir.hi I: " repaired exsht/ivefy at the Expect e of the said JEeJlern Divisi.n, and for the letter Regulation and Payment oj the " pub icl Expences of the said County And Whereas it is expedient that Power and Authority should be given to the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Kent in their General or Quarter Sessions attorn bled, to make a fair and equal County Rate, and for that Purpose to assess and Tax rateably and in due Proportions r all and every the Parishes, Towns, Liberties, Precincts, Villages, Ilamlets, and Places within ll>° said County, according to the annual Rent or Value of Estates therein, for and towards the fame: And Whereas the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County of Kent are hokion at Maidfloue in the Weilera Division of the said County, and at the Old Caille of Canterbury, nc£.r the City of Canterbury in the Eastcm ' Division of the said County: And Whereas the Court Houses or Buildings in which the Affixes and the said General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County have been so hidden as aforesaid, arc too smallaml otherwise inconvenient and incommodious; and it is become expedient and necessary ior the Administratiun of Justice, that the Justices of the Peace for the Lid County should be empowered to cred, build, or other- wife provide, as when and where occasion may require, j)ropcr Court-Houses with other Accommodations to answer the public Purposes of the Lid County, and to purchase such Lands, Buildings, Hereditaments, and Premises as maybe necessary for such Purposes, and to defray the Expences thereof by ami out of the public Stock and County Rates of the said County; but such Purposes cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of I nrliament May it therefore please Your Maj.-fty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Mbelly, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament, assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act the Justices of the Peace for the Lid County of Kent in their General or Quarter Sessions assembled, or at any Adjournment or Adjournments thereof, shall have full Power and Authority, and they are hereby required from Time to Time to' assess and ta <: to the Comrty Rates all and every Parish, Town, Liberty, PrecinH, Village, Hamlet, and Place within the Lid County, rateably and in equal Proportions, according to the annual Rent or Value of ERates within such Parish, Town, Liberty, PrccinH, Village, Hamlet, and Place respectively.

II. And in order the better to enable the said Justices of the Peace for the Lid County of Kent, to assess and tax rateably and in equal Proportions, all and every such Parishes, Towns, Liberties, Precincts, Villages, Hamlets, and Places; be it further enacted, That at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to beholden in and fur the said County of Kent after the passing of tin's AH, the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Lid several Parishes, Towns, Liberties, Precincts, Villages, Hamlets, and Places, shalt and they are hereby required to make a Return in Writing to the said Justices in Sessions assembled, which Return shall be veil tied upon Oath in open Court at the Time of delivering in the fame, by the Person or Persons so delivering in the lame, of the total Amount of the Rental or Value of the several Estates, and rateable Property within the Puriih, Town, Liberty, PrecinH, Village, Hamlet, or Id ace to which they shall respectively belong, charged or afh tted to the Poors Rate of and in Inch Parish, Town, Liberty, PrecinH, Village, Hamlet, or Place at the Time of making such Return, or liable so to be, and the Mode adopted of making such Rate shall be Rated and pointed out in Writing upon such Return, and verified as aforesaid by such Churchwardens and Overseers, in order that the said Justices may be enabled to discover the real Amount of the Rental or Value of the Estates within such several Paritties, Towns, Liberties, Precintb, Villages, Hamlets, or Places.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of all and every Parish, Torn, Liberty, Precinct, Village, Hamlet, or Plane within the Lid County, or some or one of them shall in the Year One thousinid eight hundred and fourteen, and in the Seventh, and evory succceding Seventh Year, from

and

C. xxxiv.

247

and after the said Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, at the M'icharlmas Quarter Sessions to he holden in and for the said County, or at some Adjournment thereof, and oftener if the Justices in Sc (lions shall Itqmro, make a Return to the .Indices of the Peace then and there assembled, of the total Amount of the Rental Or Value of Estates within such respective Parishes, Towns, Liberties, Precincts, Villager., Hamlets, or Place* at the Time of maxing the lait preceding Rate for the Relief of the Poor, together with the Nair.es of the fevcial Persona and Parties charged with such Rate, and the Sum and Sums of Money rated or charged on such feverrd JVrfonsand Parties respectively; and shall also (late and point out in Writing the Mode adopted in making Inch.Rate upon such Return, and Ih.-dl verify every such U- turn upon Oath in Manner aforei.uJ, and every such Rrtur.i Audi be signed with the Name or Names of the Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overiver or Overseers R) nnking such JLte.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor of any of the several ParishfS, Towns, Liberties, Precincts, Ydlnges, Hamlets, or Places within tee ibid County, shall neglect or make Dcrault in making any such Returns in Manner aforesaid, then and ia every such Ckie each ai: d every inch Church-Warden and Overseer of the Poor lo ncelectir-g or making Default (without lufivcient .Exc i to be allowed by the said Justices in their said General or Quarter Sduous) mail forfeit and pay such Sum and Sins of Money not preceding Fitty Pounds as shall or may be ordered or adjudged by the said Justices in tliei; G r rial or Quarter SdTions assembled, by way of Penalty for such Neglect or Default, and in case any Rich Pcud.y shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful to ami for the said Justices in such Sefiicns assembled, and they are hereby directed to ilTuc their Warrant to the High Constable of the Division where such Paiiiii, Tnvn, Liberty* Precinct, Village, Hamlet, or Place shall be (imated, directing him to levy such I'cni-ty upon ti e n spective Goods and Chattels of each and every Churchwarden and Overseer of the Poor of the Par: !]; , Town, Liberty, Precinct, Village, Hamlet, or Place so neglecting or making Default, in IiIce Manner and with fuc.ii Powersnd Authorities as the said High Constable is by a Statute made in ihj Twelfth Year of tire Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, s!n Act for the more easy njfffing, eoiLftm^y /evyirrg County Rat: x, veiled with for levying on the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, the Sum a defied for the County Rates.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Churchwarden or Churchwardens or Overseer or Overseers of the Poor shall neglect or make Default in making such Return or Returns as aforesaid, or if it shall happen that, notwithstanding the incurring of any such Penalty or Penalties as aforesaid, for or on account of such Neglect or Default or Return for any Parish, Town, Liberty, Precinct, yillage, Hamlet, or Pl.ce, shall not be made within the Time before limited for the making thereof, then and in every such Case it shall and may be la.vful to and for the said Justices, and they are hereby required, either at the said Qua ter Sessions, or at any Adjournment or Adjournments thereof, or at forr.e subsequent General or Quarter Selfionsto be held for the said County, or at some Adjournment or Adjournments thereof, to rate and aliefs each and every the Parish, Town, Liberty, Pnciiaft, Hamlet, or Place, of which the Churchwarden or Churchwardens, or Overseer or Overseers of the Poor, shall have so negletled or made Default in making such Return as af< relaid, for and towards the said County Rate, according to such Eilimate, of the just and fair annual Rent or Value of the Estates within such Panfli, Town, Liberty, Precinct, Village, Hamlet, or Place, or Parishes, Townships, Liberties, I rccintts. Villages, Haml ts, or Places respectively, as the said Justices shall be able to procure by any other Means than the Returns which are by this Act required to be made as aforesaid, and to order such Allowance and Compensation to be made to the Constables and other Persons within the several Ddhictsand Divisions in the said County for their Expences and Trouble in procuring, collecting, and levying the f-me, as to the (a d Justices shall appear reasonakle and proper, and all such Allowances, Compensations, and other Expences as shall be there y incurred, shall be by the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Kent in their General or Quarter Sessions, or at any Adjournment or Adjournments thereof nftembled, chaigej upon the Panlb, 1 own, Liberty, Precinct, Hamlet, or Place, of which the Churchwards n or Churchwardens, Oversed* or Cv-rfcers of the Poor shall have io r.eglcCh: d or made Default ns aforesaid in Addition to the Proportion of the said County Rute to be paid by such Parish, Town, Liberty, Precinct, Village, plan.let, or l)lncc, and such Allowances, Compensations, and Etpencca, shall and may be raised, levied, and collected by such and the like Ways and Means at the said County Rate can or may be raised, levied, and collected, and (halt be paid therewith

VI. And be it further enacted, That in any Parish, Towuft.ip, Liberty, Pro indt, Hm let, extra-pnroohird Place or other Mace in the said County of AG//, where no Rate is or shall be made- and collected for the Relief of the Poor, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Jullicis of the Peace for the i.-id Comte, in their General Quarter Sefiior.s assembled, or at any Adjournment thereof, to order and direct the Sum of Money which shall from Time to Time be afllfted as or for the County Rate upon such Panlb, 1 o\\ n'tup. Liberty, Precir.ct, I lan.kt, extra-parochial Place or other Place, to be rated and levied on Me Inhabitant or imnbit.ints, or Occupier or Occupiers of Lands therein, by such One or more Inhabitant or Inhabitants, or Occupier or Occupiers in Inch and the same Manner as any Rate for the Relief of the Poor is by Lave directed to b'fated or levied, which Sum so rated and levied shall be paid by such One or more Inhabitant or Occupier, or Inhabitants or Occupier? tn the Chief Constable of the Hundred or Div.lion wherein Inch ! ariih extra parochial Place or ether Place doth lie, within the Space ot i cutv iu Writing, to be given to inch One nr more Inhabitant or Iuha'v.lr.ut: hb, her, or their Dwelling House or Houses, by the said Cl.: cf Conical Dtmand the said Chief Co; .liable is hereby reciuiiid to make at Inch 'I ui by their Order in Sessions direct; and in case Inch One or mere Inhabits picts, shall neglect or refuse to pav the Sum or Sums so aUefted, as and i

as aforesaid, such Chief Cordlable shall, and is lie.eby empowered to lev

Goods and Chattels of such One or more Inhabitant or Inhabitants, ot* Occupier or Occupiers to retd;

Pcnjj'v on

Cl'uu ..»<(irni j C)v. 1 : r< ri

Krtui ii 9.

['oxTiiship, i iber : v, Precinct, Han .let,

'-one Day s after Demand thcrcu* m r.de

or Cecil pier or Occupier1*, or V? t at

of such Dm*d or Divimu, w dell

s as the f: dd Justices of the Perce hill

or Occuj pier, cr Inhabitants or O. cu*

r a Count y Rate after Demand iv mde

the fame by Di itrefs and Sale ot t fie

12 G

2. c. 29.

o1, n.rr re

ail' lt< f! '* g'i no K.iu.ti ni- Uc.

P

A-V. \\ U w; i. r 1.» .1 ^' Hn: t is col Cell' J.

V f c

G or -iectiim

248 (7.xxxiv. 47° GEORGII III. Self.2. A.D. 1807.

Allowing an Arpc^l (or over-ming.

Anpnt in

oiitvi C-Uei.

Etpe-ic*? f»f A n «; !' ' iiC p, kJ J*v J jib* t a; yc4.:$.

rfeglecting to pay the same as aforesaid, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Kent* rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after deducing the Money assessed and the Charges of the Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners thereof; and if such One or more Inhabitant or Inhabitants, or Oc'vipier or Occupiers, shall pay such Sum before the same shall be so by him rated and levied as aforesaid, he, she, or they may afterwards rate and levy the same, or shall and may be allowed and reimbursed the said Sum of Money, by a Rate made or to be made upon all and every the Inhabitant or Inhabitants, or Occupier or Occupiers of Lands within such Parish, Township, Liberty, Precinct, Hamlet, extra parochial Place or other Place, which any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County shall order and direct, and shall be subjrcl and liable to the fame Powers and Remedies for the Recovery thereof, by Distress and Sale, in Cases uf Non-payment, as are herein-before given to the Chief Constable.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overseer or Overseer of the Poor of any Parish, Town, Liberty, Precinct, Village, Hamlet, or Place in the said County, shall at any Time or Times have reason to believe that such Parish, Town, Liberty, Precinct, Village, Hamlet, or Place, is overrated by any Rate to be made in pursuance of tins Act, then and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Churchwarden or Church wardens, Overseer or Overseers of the Poor to appeal to the Justices of the Peace for the said County at their next General or General Quarter Sessions, or at any Adjournment thereof, against such Part of the Rate only as may afreCft the Parish, Town, Liberty*-Precinct, Village, Hamlet, or Place in which such Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overseer or Overseers shall serve such O trees respectively, and the(aid Justices are hereby empower? cl to hear and finally determine the fame, and to give such Appellant or Appellant* such Relief as to them the said Justices in their Discretion shall appear fair, just, and equitable; Provided nevertheless, tha* upon such Appeal no such Rate shall be quafticd or destroyed in regard to any other Pa.ilh, Town Liberty, PrecinA, Village, Hamlet, or Place, or Person or Persons a.TeTed thereby; any Thing in this Act, or any Law. Usage, or Custom to the contrary thereof, in anywise notwithstanding.

VIII Pmv'ded also, Tint if any other Person or Persons shall think himself, herfeif, or themselvesaggrieved by any Act, Matter, or Thing done in pursuance or this Act or the Powers hereby given, then and in every such Case, he, ihe, or t hey shall and may appeal to the said Justices of the Peace of the said County, at their next Gem ral or General Quarter Sessions to he hohlen nevt after any such Cause of Appeal shall have arisen; and tie said Justices at such General or Quarter (lions aftlmbled, or at any Adjournment of Adjournments thereof, are hereby empowered to hear and thlally determine the fame, and to give to all such Appellants such Relief as in their Discretion shall appear fair and j.ilL

IX. And be it further enacted. Thit in case of any Appeals, Actions, Suits, or Proceedings at Law, as betwixt Par*lh a id P .rifli, or betwixt any Person or Persons and any Paridior Parishes, or any Periou or Person* reflecting any Thing done in pursuance of this A -, or any other Act or Acts relating to the County Rate, the l.xpcn rs of ail Inch Appeals, Actions, Sims, or Proceedings at Law, shall be borne and paid by such rrfpeft >v* Parish s and Persons, or inch of them, and in such Proportions as the said Justices upon any Appeal in their General or Quarter Sessions shall award and order the fame, or as such Courts wherein such Action*, Suit*, or Proceedings shall be inllituted, shall adjudge and order, and shall not be charged to or be paid out of I he Court; Rate.

Powers of 12 G. 2. c. 29.; 43 G. 3. c. lviii. 5 13 G. 2. c. 18.; as far as relates to County Rates, extended '* to this Act, § le.

Expences of the A<U, ns, u <icr 43 G. 3. c. lx lii.

1 n i r r % rmy vi'A-r Allowances to Coiill c>.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all the Cods, Charges, and Expences of obtaining this Act, and of carrying the several Powers and Purposes thereof into Execution, shall be borne and paid by the said County, iii inch Proportions as the Charges, Burthens, and rixpences arising within the County, to which a County Rate is or may be applicable, are, by the said recited Act made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Mah fly, directed to he paid; that is to (ay, ) One fourth Part thereof shall he borne and paid by the Euftcrn Division of the said County, and the other Three-fourth Parts thereof shall be borne and paid by the Western Division of the said County.

XI L And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Kent, in their General or U uarter Sessions assembled, to order such Allowance and Compensation to be made to the Constables and other Porlons within such Distriels and Divisions in the said County, where no Rate is or shall be made for the Relief of the Poor for their Expences and Trouble in collecting and levying the Lid Comity Kntc, within such Districts and Divisions as to the said Justices shall appear reasonable and proper, ami to charge such allowance and Compensation upon such Diihictsaud Divisions, in ad J it ion to their Proportion of tb h.nd County Rate; and all such Allowances, Compel) fations, and Expences, shall and may be raised, levied, and coileded by such and the fame Ways anJ Means as the said County Rate can and may be raised, levied, and collected, and shall be paid therewith.

Justices may order one or more Court Houses to be erected; and purchase Land, See. for that Purpose, §13. " &c. — and fell old Court Houses, §22, 23.

Pu'ffhitig

Person*

d-irrujjirg Court Haf'i,

Smgf« PeJ-.ny*

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully and maliciously break, pull down, or in any Manner damage or destroy any of the said Court HouLs or Buildings so to be j paired, maintained, supported, provided, erected, or purchased as aforesaid, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, or any of the Appurtenances thereunto belonging, such Person or Persons being lawfully convicted theirot shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and the Court before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried, shall have (till Power and Authority either to order such > erion or Persons to be transported (or the Term of Seven Years to such Place, and in such Manner, as other Felons are directed to be transported by the Laws and

Statute*

A.D. 18

47° GEORGII III. Sen: 2. Ctxxxiv — xxxvi.

249

Statutes of this Realm, cv to suffer such Corporal Puni^mort, or to he pumflied by Fine, tmprifomr.ent, or t*.'rrwn'e as the Court beLrc whom such Person or Persons shall be tried shall seem proper to order or infliat;

Mid dir J nil ices of the lVxe forth: said County in Quarter Svdfions assembled, are hereby authorized from Time to Time to order such Olf'nder or Oifndcm uv af.vcsaid, to be prosecuted by Indict, r.cvit <n* Indictments at the Alf: /cs for the County of Knt, and to direct the Ex per. cos of such Prosecutions to be pud by the Treasurer or Tvcaiurers of the said County for the Time being, out of the publick Stock and County Rato., of and b longing to the said County, and in every such Indictment or Indictments, such Court House or Court-Houses or other Building or Buildings lhr.ll be uli-dged and described, and deemed and lakn to be the Court House or Court Houses, or Building or Buddies (as the Case may happen) of " the Juliicei of the Peace for the County of AM; //' without particularly dating or fpceifving the Name or Names of all or any of the said .Indices.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may'be lawful to and for the said Justices may Justices a (Tom hied in such General Quarter Sessioms as aforesaid, to make any Order or Orders for the granting 01 dor Money so and contributing by and out of the pul lick Stock or Comity Rates of the said County, of such Sum or Sun.a ^, d/°Jther of Money as they the said justices or the major Part of them so assembled as aforesaid shall from Time to Time ciun House^ dam RCjuiiite and necessary for the Purpose of rebuilding, repairing, altering, or enlarging auv Court House or Court Houses, or any Building or Buddings tiled for that Purpose, now the Property of any Corporation or Corporations, Bodies Politick or Corporate, or of any Lord or Lord?, Lady or Ladies of any Manor or Manors in any of the said Towns or Places at which the said General Quarter Sessions of the Peace have been usually held: provided that the free and uninterrupted Ufc Pnd Enjoyment of any such Court House or Court Houses, or Euilding or Buildings used for that i urpose, towards the rebuilding, repairing, altering, or enlarging, whereof any Sum or Sums of of Money which shall be so granted nr contributed as aforesaid, shall be for ever aftei wards cfirdtually secured to the Use of the Justices of the Peace for the said County for the Purposes herein after mentioned; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every tin* said Court Houses and Buildings so to be provided V ffine the

6r crvfted as aforesaid, and the Buildings, Lands, or Hereditaments so to be purchased as aforesaid, and every Cours Hc.uics H Matter and Thing appertaining, or in nnywife relating thereunto, or to any of them, shall at all Times from lheJuluccl*

?nd after the purchasing thereof, be veiled in, and the lame are hereby declared to be vested in the Justices of the Peace for the County of Kent for the Time being, upon the Trull, and to the End, Intent, and Purpose that the fai l Justices (luill and do from Time to Time, and at all Times for ever hereafter, peaceably and quietly ilW, permit, and fufRr the Assizes, the Courts of Quarter Sessions of the Peace, and all other Courts and Meetings to be holden for the Public Administration of Justice, or for trap, fa cling the Publick Affairs and Business of the said County, to be holden and kept in the said several Court Houses or Buildings, and the Appurtenances therctinto belonging, and also allow, permit, and fuller the same to be had, used, and enjoyed for all such other Publick Uses and Purposes as the Justices of the Peace for the said County or the major Part of them, at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace shall from Time to Time direct, order, or appoint, with free Liberty for all Per foils whom it shall or may concern to act and officiate in, and to resort to, and attend upon the said Courts and Meetings as they shall have occasion or think proper.

4' Justices may sue in the Name of the Clerk of the Peace, §27. — Twenty-one Days Notice of Action; Plaintiff " frail not recover if sufficient Amends be tendered, §28. — Limitation of Actions Six Months; Venue in u Kent\ General Issuej Treble Costs, <J 29. — Public Act, §30.

Cap. xxxv.

An Act to enable the Reverend Allan Thomas Jours Givynnr, his Heirs and Assigns, to repair and enlarge, or

n bmld the Quay or Pier within the Harbour or Port of Abcra', ron, in the County of Cardigan, and to improve the hid Harbour, and to regulate the Moorings of Ships and Vessels therein. [lit August 1807.]

u Old Quay Duties abolished and New Duties granted, § <6, and Schedule.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully and maliciously demolish, break down* or destroy, any Pier, Quay, Wharf, Slorehome, or any other Building or Work tube conllruded, rricud, or made under the Authority of this Act, every Person or Persons so offending shall be subject and liable to the like Punishments and Penalties as in Cases of Felony, and the Court by or before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried and convicted, shall and may and they have hereby Power and Authority to cause such Person and Persons to be peuished in like Manner as Felons arc directed to be jumished by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm; or in Mitigation of such Punishment such Court may, if they think lit, award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Felony.

Penalty o* ter tons ciertroybig XVutk. % , Felony.

Cap. xxxvi.

An Act to enable Flis Majesty to veil the Sind*} of Traelh Alaiur* dividing the Counties of Carnarvon and Merioneth, in William Alexander Ma Jerks El quire. [ill August 1827.]

WHEREAS there is a certain Tcadl of Sands situate on the Eflunry called Trarth-Mazer, dividing the

Counties of Carnarvon and Merioneth, and extending from Pont Alrrglajlyn to the Point of G.jf), which,

in its present State, is unproductive and incapable of being cultivated, and the Pa Cage over tli*fame is frequently attended with great Inconvenience, Delay, Difficulty, Expence, and Danger: And V hereas, if the faitl

Sands were protected from the Sea by Embankments ami other necellnry Works, the fame might be cultivated and rendered productive, and the Communication between the said Two Counties would be thereby greatly facilitated and improved, and such EmbaukmeflU and Works would also be of publick Utility, but the making and

47 Geo. Hi. Jv k*maintaining

250 CLxxxvi — xlii. 47 GEORGII III. Sess. 2. A.D. 1807.

maintaining of the fame will be attended with considerable Difficulty and Expence ! And Wheieas William

Alexander Modoc fa, of Tan yr Alt, in the County of Carnarvon, Esquire, is delirous of constructing and

making such Embankments, Sea Walls, Ramparts, Fences, Sluices, Bridges, and other Works, as may be necessary for presetting the said Sands from the Influx of the Sea, at his own Expence, on having the fame

1 4 vetted in him and his Heirs and Assigns in Fee Simple: And Whereas His Majesty, in right of His Crown,

claims to be entitled to the said Sands, and being desirous of encouraging Undertakings of publick Utility,

His Majesty has been most graciously pleased to signify his Royal Pleasure, that so much of the said Tract of Sands from the Point of fai r to Pont Afarglajlyn aforesaid* as shall be protetted from the Influx of the Sea, by the said William Alexander Madochs, his Heirs or Assigns, in Manner aforesaid, shall (as far as His Majesty 10

interested therein) be granted and confirmed to, and vetted in the said William Alexander Madochs, his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple:

" His Majesty enabled to vett the said Sands in William Alexander Madochs, his Heirs, &c. — If the Embank* 4< ment is not begun within Ten Years, and completed within Twenty Years, the said Sands shall revert to His Majesty, §37.

rc former Acts 23 G, 2. c. iz. 12 G. 3. c.Si.9 G. 3. c. 39.

Cap. xxxvii.

An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, several Atts, for improving the Navigation of the River Loyne, otherwise Lutie, and for building a Quay or Wharf near Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster*

[ift Avgujl 1807.]

' New Tonnage Duties granted in lieu of Tonnage Duties under former Atts, but not to affett Light House*Duties under 29 G. 3. c. 39. — Commissioners under the Att empowered to bcenfe Pilots.

Cap. xxxviii.

An Act for more effectually paving the Streets, and other Places, within that Part of the Parish of Saint Botolph Aldgate, which lies in the County of Middlesex, and Part of a Street called East Smithfield, in the Precinct of Saint Catherine, and for cleansing, lighting, and watching the fame, and for preventing Annoyances therein.

[itt 18074

Cap. xxxix.

An Act to amend an Att, of the Third Year of His present Majesty, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, in the Hundreds of Bradford, Melksham^and Whorl/down, in the County of Wilts, and for extending the Powers of the said Att to other Places in the said County. [itt August 1807.]

H Jurisdiction extended to

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit for any Debt recoverable by virtue of this Act> fu crior C mrti Court of Requests, shall be commenced in any other Court whatsoever, or elsewhere than in the said

for Small De bts Court of Requests, then, and in every such Case, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Suit shall not, by not cmilled to reason of a VerdiiSt for him, her, or them, or otherwise, have ot.be entitled to any Cotts whatsoever; and if the Colls; Verdict shall be given for such Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit, and the Judge or Judges before

on Verdict for whom the same shall be tried or heard, shall think fit to certify that such Debt ought to have been recovered in fillu'bcTntided t^e Court of Requests, then, and in every such Case, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Double Colb, to double Costs. an<^ Remedy for recovering the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their Coils in any Cases by Law.

Former Act*

G. 3. c.

9 G. 3. c. 2l. jcpcaled.

3 G. 3. c. 19.

Verdictn

Cap. xt.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Town of Gravifcnd, and the Hundreds of Tolthigtrough, Dartford, Wilmington, and Axtane, in the County of Kent. [ ill August 1807.]

M Jurisdiction extends to; . §13 — Record of Judgement may be removed into superior Courts, and Exccu- tion^levied accordingly with 20s. extra Costs, §27. — [See chap. vii. of this Sfjion.]

Cap. xli.

6 G 1. c. 8. An Act for cont*muffis Three Atts, of the Sixth Year of King George the First, in the Twentieth Year of King 20 G 2. c 26. George the Second, and in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies

17 G. 3. c. 10. Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Beer or Ale vended or sold within the Town of Burntisland, and Liberties thereof, in the County of Fife, and for increasing the Public!; Revenue of the said Town. [i tt August 1C07.]

" Former Duties continued for Thirty-one Years, &c. after passing of this Att.

Cap. xlii.

*2G i c 13. An Act to revive and continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of Two Atts, of the Twenty second Year 14 G. 3. c. 2S. of His late Majesty, and the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies

or One-ilxth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale or Beer brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or sold in the Burgh of Kinghorn, in the County of Fife, [1st August 1807.]

Former Duties continued for Twenty-five Years, &c. after patting.this Att*

Cap

C.

A.D. 1807. 47° GEORGII III. SeflTa. Hi. 25

Cap. xliii.

An Act for building a Bridge over the River Thames* from the Parish of Sutton Courtney, in the Conntyof Berks, to the Parish of Culham, in the County of Oxford\ [ ill August 1807.]

u The Company of Proprietors of Sutl.n Courtney Bridge incorporated; empowered to raise a£*4, ooool. by Shares,

M and.X"j» Geo. more if requisite; to make Bye Laws; impose Tolls: Whenever Bridge is impahable a Ferry to be

provided. '

LI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully ormaliciously pull down or destroy the said Bridge, or any Part thereof, or ar.y Toll House to be erected by virtue of this Act, every Person so offending, ^r'rf^c or Work* and being thereof lawfully convicted, fli nil be deemed guilty of Felony. J

Lib And be it further enacted, That the said Bridge shall not be adjudged or taken to be a County Bridge, Bridge not to he or subject the Counties of Oxford and BerIs, or either of them, to the repairing, amending, orbupporting of dcrnvH a the fame; any Law or Statute to the contrary' hereof notwithstanding. County Bridge.

Cap. xliv.

An Act to enable His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to grant Letters Patent for establishing a Theatre or Play-house, under certain Restrictions, in the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick,

[ill August 1807.]

Stat. 10 G. 2. c. 28. repealed; so far as relates to Birmingham

Cap. xlv.

An Act for amending an Act of the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening sevenJ 1* G. 3. c. Si. Roads through the County of Lanark, and for building a Bridge over the River Clyde, at or near a Place called The Hanford, in the said County; and for making more effectual, and converting, the Statute Labour within the said County; and for repairing and regulating the Roads within the same. (ill August 1807.]

Cap. xlvi.

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act of the Twenty-sixth Year of His6 G.j. c. 151* present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Heage, in the County of Derby, through Alfreton to Tihjhdj, and a Branch from the same Road, at or near Shlrland Lodge, to Higham, in the same County, (c)»

[ill August 1807.]

Cap. xlvii.

An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of the Tenth and Thirty-first Years i»G. 3. e. gj. of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Brighthelmston to Lovell Heath, in the County of Sussex, 31 G. 3. c. iii. tad for amending a certain Piece of Road to communicate therewith. (£; . [ ill August 1807.]

Cap. xlviii.

And Act for continuing and amending Two Acts of the Fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of His present Majesty, 5 G. c. 73. for repairing the Road from Great Grlmjby Haven, at or near UbOer Sand End, to Wold Newton Church, and 16 F c' fromJVwi*/ Farm to the Mill Field, in the Parish of Irby, in the County of Lincoln. \J>).

[1 & August 1807.]

Cap. xlix.

An Act to revive and continue the Term and Powers of an Act of the Twenty- fifth Year of His present Majesty, 15 G. 3. c. 11*. for amending the Road from Ipfwi h to South Town, a .d from the said Road at Beech Lene, in the Parish of Darsham, to Bungay, in the County of SiJ/blk. (b). [ill August 1807 ]

Cap. I.

An Act to rmend, and render more effectual, so much of an Act, of the Thirty-third Year of His late Majesty, 33 G. 3. c. 3*. for draining certain Fen Lands in the IHc of Ely, and Countie.- of Suffdk and Norfolk, near Mildcnhjll River, and empowering the Conservators of Bedford Level to fell certain Fen Lands, as relates to the Lands in the Second Dillrift described in the said Act. [ 1st August 1807.]

Cap. li.

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act of the Thirty-seventh Year of His 37 (j.^c>

present Majesty, for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from Rochdale through Bair, ford and Blrtle to Bury, and for making Three Bandies of Road therefrom, in the County of Lancaster, {b. [ill August 1807.]

Cap. lii.

An Act to confinueand amend Three Acts, passed in the Fifth, Seventh, and Twenty-sixth Years of His present 5 Q. 3. c. I3.

Majesty, for repairing certain Roads therein mentio*£l, leading from Chatteris Ferry to the Town of I Id/bee h 7 G. 3. c. 1.0.

Saint Feterisf in the Isle of Ely, and other Places in the said Acts mentioned, (e).

[1 ft Av.g'jl 1807.] «* c'

252 C.liii — lxiv. 470 GEORGII III. Sess. 2. A.D. 1B07.

Cap. liii,

3 G, 3. c. $2. An Act to revive and continue the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Third and Twenty-fifth Years of Hii 15 G. 3. c. 114. present Majesty, for amending the Roads from Per.ryn, in the County of Cornwall, to Redruth, in the same County, (b).. August JS07.]

Cap liv.

33 G. 3. c. 13c. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Cambridge to a Place called Long Leys, and from Cambridge to Roy/lon, in the Counties of Cambridge and FJsex. (a) [1 k August

Cap. lv.

6 G. 3. c. $6. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, of the Sixth and Twenty-seventh7 G. 3. c. 94. Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and amending the Road from the present Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Hufley, in the County of Southampton, through the Borough of Andover to the Town of Newbury, in the County of Berk*, and from Newbury to Chilton Pond and Newtown River, (r). [ill August 1607.]

Cap. lvi.

6 G. 3. c. 9<. An Act for continuing th^ Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, of the Fifth and Twenty. 26 G. 3. c. 158. sixth Years of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from the River at Su'athluig, through Bothy, to the Turnpike Road at Sherril Heath, in the County of Southampton, (c). [lit August 1807.]

Cap. lvji.

An Act for vesting several Manors and Hereditaments in the Counties of Lincoln, Suffolk, and Effect, Parts of the Settled Estates of the Right Honourabie Frederick William Earl of Bristol in Trustees, upon fruit to fell, and for laying out the Monies arising from such Sales in the Purchase ot more convenient Estates, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, (q. P.) [ill August 1807.]

Cap. lviii.

An Act for vesting Part of the Settled Estates of the Right Honourable Philip Earl of Chesterfeld in Trustees, in Trull to be sold, and for laying out the Monies arising from such Sales in the Purchase ot other Estates, to be lettled to the same Uses. (q. P.) [! ft August 160-.]

Cap. lix.

An Act. to enable Henrietta West Spinster, and James West Esquire, and their Lefiec for the Time being, to grant

_ Building Leases of certain Lands # deviled by the Will of Sarah West deceased) in the Panih of Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey. (q. P.) [lit August 180; .}

' Cap. lx.

An Act for vesting certain Estate of Mary Foster and George Edward Graham Esquire, and Mary his Wife, in Kingsf Lynn and South Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, in Trustees, upon Trull to sell the same, and to Hand possessed of the Monies arising from the Sale thereof, upon the Trulls therein mentioned. (q.P.)

[ill August 1807.]

Cap. lxi.

An Act for settling the Right of Patronage or Presentation of or to a Chapel, to be called Shireoah Chapel, in the Parish of Worksop, in the County of Nottingham, (q. P.) [ill August 1807.]

ct Certificates of Burials shall be sent to the Vicar, and registeredin the public Register of the Parish Church " of War If of, §5,

Cap. lxii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Rhuddlan, Saint Asaph, Diferth, and Cwm in the County of Flint. (q.P.) [ill August 1807.]

4i Allotment to His Majesty as Lord of the Manor of Flint, and of the Comots of Colejhill, Ruthland, and 4t Prejlattin, within the lame, §18. — Extract of Award shall be sent to Land Revenue Office, §19. — Saving w of His Majesty's Right to Mines, Ore, Minerals, and Coal, §30.

Cap. lxiii.

An Act for inclosing the Lands of Thorpe, in the County of Surrey. (q.P.) [ill August 1807.]

u Compensation for Tithes, §18, 19, 20. — Allotment to His Majesty and his Lessee. — Extract of Award shall be sent to Land Revenue Office, §23, 24.

Cap. lxiv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Townships of Whcston and Tideswell, and in the Manor of Ttdefwtll\ in the County of Derby. (q.P.) [ill August 180; .]

Allotment* to His Majesty in lieu of certain Chief Rents, &c. in Right of the Duchy of Lancaster, ^n.

Cap.

A.D. 1807, 47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. C.lxv — -lxviii,253

Cap. Ixv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Township of Bramham, in the Wed Riding of the County of TVMq.P.) [i kAuguJl 1807.]

Cap. lxvi.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Shipdham, in the County of Norfolk. (q.P.) [ifl August 1807.]

Cap. lxiii.

An Act to amend Three Acts, of the Eighteenth, Thirty-ninth, and Forty-fourth Years of His present G. 3. c. 72. Majesty for creeling a Court House, for the holding of Sessions of the Peace in the City of Westminster. c. Iixxii.

[8th August 1807.3 44g-3-c. 6l.

M Commissioners under recited Acts empowered to fell certain Houses to Commissioners tinder Westminster u Improvement Act, 46 G. 3. c. Sp. — 4, 0001. additional allowed to be expended in crcdling the Court House.

IV. And be it further enacted, That after the said Sum of Four thousand Pounds, or so much thereof as Cour- onfe shall be necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, shall be raised; and as soon as the said Court House shall be n

built, fitted up, and properly accommodated, pursuant to the Directions of the said Acts of the Eighteenth

f the

of

lkr»

and Thirty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and the Site of the said Market shall have been ju^-cc7c conveyed to the Dean and Chapter of PAJlmhifler, as directed by the said Act made in the Eighteenth Year Westmin of His present Majesty, all and every the P nvers and Authorities given and created by the said recited Acts touching the Direction, Control, and Management of the said Court-house shall cease and determine; and the said Court-houtc, and the Apartments and Offices thereto belonging, and the Materials of whic h the same shall consist, shall thenceforth be under the foie Dire dl ion and Management of the Justices of the Peace for the Time being, of the City and Liberty of Westminster.

4' Justices of Wtflu 'injlrr empowered to hire a Housekeeper, and other Servants, to refule in Apartments '* belonging to the Court-house, §5, — Justices may let Cellars under Court-house, §6. — Court-house shall be repaired under Order of Justices, §7, See. — Public Act, §10.

Cap. lxviii.

An Act for repealing the several Acts for regulating the Vend and Delivery of Coals within the Cities of Lonilrm and Westminster and Liberties thereof, and in certain Parts of the Counties of Midulfex, Surry, Kent, ana LJpx\ and for making better Provision for the fame. [bth August 1807.]

WHEREAS the several Acts now in force and effect for ivgu'ating the Vend and Delivery of Coals brought by Sea into the Port of London, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Liberties thereof, and within such Parts of the Count es of Middlesex, Surry Kent, and Ejfrx, as are situate within the Dillance of Twenty-five Miles from the Royal Exchange, in the City of London, have been found 4 ii.sufficient to prevent the Commission of Frauds and Impositions in the Vend and Delivery of such Coals 1*And Whereas it would tend greatly to facilitate the Execution of the Purposes intended by the said Acts, if the fame were repealed, and further and better Provisions made for thwfe Purposesmay it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King s most Excellent Majesty by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much or an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of Hrs 7 6. c. 7.

Majesty King Edward the Sixth, intituled, An Act for the AJfvzt of Fuel, as directs, That all Coals to be , e<-'ca ri)

1 made and put to Sale in the Cities of London, Westminster, or in the Suburbs of the fame, after the Iail Day "nfuic

' of September next coming, shall keep the Assize hereafter expressed, that is to wit, That every Sack of Coal*

1 contain Four Bushels of good and clean Coals, upon Pain that every Marker and every Seller that shall make any such Coa's, and put the same to falc, to forfeit for every back of Coals from henceforth put to sale lacking 1 of the Assize aforesaid Three Shillings and Four-pence, and that this present Statute only, and no other 1 Statute of Assize of Coals, shall from henceforth stand in force and take place and so much thereof as directs,

' That from and after the First Day of May next coming, no Person or Persons shall buy any such Coals, but only such as will bum or consume the fame, or such Persons as shall sell the same again, by Retail, to such as 1 shall burn or consume the fame for their own occupying, without Fraud or Covin, or Wharfingers, or Bargemen,

1 upon Pain to forfeit the Treble Value of all such Coals as shall be otherwise bought for any Lucre or Gain;

1 and that no Person or Persons shall alter any Mark or Assize of any of the said Coals, marked or affized

' according to this Statute, in Pain of like Forfeiture as is aforesaid shall be, and the fame is and are hereby repealed, and declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever s Provided always, that nothing

herein contrined shall extend or be construed to extend so as to revive or to give any Force or Effect to an Act, 14 t to revive

made in the Thirty-fourth and Thirty-fifth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King Henry the Eighth, intituled,

cr directing, Of what Me afurcy Afi-, e, and Scantling, Coals, La I wood, Faggcts, and Billets, Jtall be, and the Wc, K c. 3.

Frr ilturernd Penalty of them that Jfj ill not perform the fame, or any of the Provisions therein contained; but such

last recited Act, and all and every the Clauses, Provisions, Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures therein

contained, shall continue repealed, in such and the like Manner as if this present Act had not been made, any

Iking herein-before contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

c. 7 & 8 IF. 3. c. 36. §2. (making perpetual 16 & 17 C. 2. c. 2. which was revived by 2 IF. & M. c. 7.)

repealed, §2. — The following Acts repealed, viz. 26 G. 3. c. 10H.; 36 G. 3. c. 61.; 42 G. 3. c. lxxxix.;

44 3SG.3. c. lvi.; 46 G. 3. c. xxxii. — §3. — This Act shall not revive 26 G'. 3. c. 14. — $ 4.-43 G. 3. c. cxxxiv.

" ai d 44 G, 3. c, lxxxii. repealed, §5.

Coa' Exchange 11>.ill continue vetted m tie Corporation of London.

Notice (Tull f*e

given of paying otf Annuities.

EnUic* inHo: ks undei foinier A<ffs declared valid.

Coal Ex'.V>inge fh.til he an o, en M irket.

Market Days.

Cle*k and Oiiictrs.

Pnty cut Coals, Ci.nl i>, ai.d Culm.

V >ty he r- duced wheo t re than

VI. Provided always, and be it farther enacted, That the Piece or Parcel of Land, and the Buildings thereon erected, called The Coal Exchange, with all and Singular the Hereditaments and Appurtenances, which the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in pursuance of the said recited Acts, made in the Forty-third and Forty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, have purchased or caused to be purchased, and have caused Possession to be taken thereof in the Name or the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, shall be and the fame is and are hereby declared to be vested in the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, for the Purpose of holding a free, open, and public Market for the Sale of Coah brought into the Port of London, and for other the Purposes of this Act; and all and every Body and Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, and all and every other Person and Persons whesoever, are and ii hereby declared to be and continue and shall be and continue indemnified for and in respect of all and every Verdict and Verdicts, Order or Orders, Contract or Contracts, and all and every Act or Acts which they or any of them shall or may have lawfully made, executed, or done, or caused to be made, executed, or done, under or by virtue or in pursuance of the said recited Acts, or either of them, passed in the Forty-thiid and Forty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

" Bonds and Conveyances under recited Acts 43 & 44 G. 3. shall remain valid, §7. — Annuities granted by the fi City of London shall continue charged on the Duties to be collected by virtue of this Act, §8.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, shall give or cause to be given, Six Calendar Months Notice of their Intention to pay off any such Annuities which shall have been so granted under and by virtue of the said recited Acts, made in the Forty-third and Forty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or either of them, to the Person or Persons to whom the fame may respectively belong, at the End of which Six Calendar Months, upon Payment or 'Fender of the respective Sums for which any such Annuity or Annuities may have been granted, to or for the Person or Persons then entitled thereto, at the Office of the Chamberlain of t he said City for the Time being, in the Guild)all of the fame City, the Annuity and Annuities payable to such Person and I ersons respectively shall cealc and determine; nevertheless the Monies so tendered shall be paid to such Person or Persons upon his or their Demand, and giving a Discharge for the same.

" Application of Money for Purchases by Bodies Corporate, Trustees, Incapacitated Persons, f 10 — 15.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every Book or Books, in which any Entry or Entries of any Proceeding or Proceedings shall have been made by any Person or Persons aditig by and under the Authority of the said recited Acts, made in the Forty-third and Forty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or either of them (such Entry or Entries being made in such Book or Books, according to the Directions of, and made Evidence by, such Two last-mentioned Acts, or One of them) shall be and be deemed to be good and sufficient Evidence of such Proceedings in any Court whatsoever, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That there shall be and continue to be at all Times hereafter, at or upon the said Coal Exchauge and Hereditaments, a free, open, and public Market, for the Sale of Coals brought into the Port of London.

XIX. And be it further declared and enacted, That such Market shall be and continue to beholden on every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday in the Week, in each and ever)" Year, ( Good Friday, Christmas Day, and Salt Days by Proclamation, only excepted) from Twelve of the Clock at Noon until Two of the Clock in the Afternoon in .each and every Day; and that it shall be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, to continue and retain the present Clerk or Clerks, and other Officer or Officers, to such Market, with such Salary or Salaries for his or their Trouble and Attendance there, as to the said Mayor, Aldern.en, and Commons, hi all seem just and reasonable, and from Time to Time to remove or displace him or them, and to nominate and appoint ether Clerk or Clerks, Officer or Officers, in his or their Stead.

XX. And be it further enacted, That for the Purpose of defraying the several Charges and Expences for establishing and holding such Market, and of the Purchase of the said Lands, Buildings, and Hereditaments, called The Co I Exch n$e, and such other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, purchased in pursuance of the said recited A<Hs, made in the Forty-third and Forty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and for erecting, maintaining, and supporting convenient Buildings thereon, and for defraying the Salaries and Allowances orthclevera! Clerks and other Persons employed in the Execution of this Act, and for defraying the other Charges and Expences of carrying the fame into Execution, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, to demand and take, or cause to be demanded and taken, of and from each and every Mailer of a Ship or Vessel laden with Coals, Cinders, or Culm, or other Person having the Care or Command thereof, arriving at her Moorings within any Part of the Port of Lon 'on, at or to the Wclhvard of Gn: irfcn), the Sum of One Penny per Chaldron, 'or Ton, in case the same shall be sold by Weight) and no more, for every Chaldron or Ton of^ouls, Cinders, or Culm, contained in such Ship or other Vessel; and such Sum of One Penny per Chaldron or Ton of all such Coals, Cinders, and Culm, shall and maybe collected, levied, recovered, a: , <i pant in such and the like Manner, and by, with, and under such Powers, Authorities, and Provisions, as any other Duty or Duties, or Imposition or Impositions, on Coals, now payable to the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, or to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the said City of Lon 'on, is or are, or may he collected, levied, recovered, and paid reflectively, and such Sum of One Penny pet Chaldron or Ton, when so paid for any such Coals, shall be charged to the Purchaser of the Coals, bclidcs and in Addition to the Charges and Expences of the Metage of such Coals.

XX.Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Coils, Charges and Expences incident to and incurred in obtaining and pasting this Act, shall be paid and discharged by and out of the Money to be received by virtue of

7 thi>

e

1

A.D. 1807.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2.

C.lxviii. 255

tills Act, and when and as soon as such Cods, Charges, and Evpences, and the Cods, Charges, and Expences of t for the

purchffing the several Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments for the said Market, and of making any of llu*

Buildings, Erections, and other Conveniences thereto, and the Money borrowed or raised by virtue of the said recited Acts, made in the Forty third and Forty-fourth Years of the Reign of His prese..t Majesty respectively,

and the Interest thereof, shall have been paid off and discharged, and the said Duty of One Penny per Chaldron

or Ton of Coals, Cinders, and Culm, shall be more than sufficient for maintaining, repairing, and suppor'. ng the said Market, and of the several Buildings, Erections, and Conveniences tly veto, and for paying the said several

Annuities granted by virtue of such Acts respectively, and the Salaries and other Payments and Allowances to

the Clerk or Clerks, and other Officers and Persons employed in the Execution of this Act, and for d- fraying

the several other Charges and Expences of carrying the fame into Execution, then and in every such Case the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons shall and they are hereby required to reduce such Duty to such Sum of

Moneyas shall be sufficient for such several Purposes; and it dull and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor,

Aldermen, and Commons, again toraifefuch Duty to any Sum not exceeding the Sum granted by this Act* when and so often as it shall be necessary for the Purposes thereof; and such Duty, when so reduced or again raised, shall be collected, levied, and recovered in such and the same Manner as the Duty granted or continued by this Act can or may be collected, levied, and recovered.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Duty or Duties on Coals, Cinders, and Culm, granted h

or continued and made payable by this Act, shall be and the fame is hereby charged and made chargeable with the muT*

Annuities which shall be payable in respect of such Sum or Sums of Money as have been borrowed and raiitd by

under or by virtue of the said recited Acts, made in the Forty third and Forty-fourth Years of the Reign of His Ytciicd Act? present Majesty respectively, for the Purposes of those Acts respectively. 4* antl 44 T*

XXIII. ' And Whereas certain Coals coming from Scotland and other Places have been and are usually fold What th.Ul be*by Weight be it therefore enacted, That for the Purpose of ascertaining the Weight of such Coals usually dec nit d a Ion. sold by Weight, One hundred and twelve Pounds Avoirdupois Weight shall be deemed and taken to be One

Hundred Weight, and Twenty Hundred shall be deemed and taken to be One Ton.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That each and every Mailer of a Ship or Vessel laden with Coals, or M.iAer* of Shlpt other Person having the Care and Command thereof, shall, and he is hereby required, within Twenty-four Hours shall S, vc an after his Ship or other Vessel shall have arrived at or to the West ward of Blackmail, or at her Moorings for

Delivery, within any Part of the said Port of London, at or to the Wellward of <Jravcfend, and not before, to ship*; deliver, or cause to bedeliveved to the Clerk of the said Market, or other Officer appointed to receive the same* at his Office in the Place appointed for holding such Market, a true and perfect Copy of the Certificate or Certificates directed to be given by every Fitter or other Person vending or delivering Coals to each and every Mailer of a Ship or Vessel on board of which such Fitt'.r or other Person vending or delivering Coals shall have loaded any Coals, in pursuance of an Act made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen ylnne, intituled,

An Aid to dtffolvc the p'efent, and prevent the future Combinations of Coal Omncrsy Lightermen, \ infers, of Khips, 9 Ann. c. i3.

nr..I oibers to advance the Price of Coals in prejudice of the Navigation. Trade, and Manufactures of this Kingdom

end fir the further Encouragement of the Coal Trade; and if such Ship or Vessel shall not come Irom any Port

or Place, where, by the said Act such Certificate or Certificates is or are required to be given, then and

in such Case each and every Mailer of such Ship or Vessel, having the Care or Command thereof, Audi deliver*

or cause to be delivered an Account of the Quantity, and Name or Names, or Description or Descriptiona of the Coals on board of inch his Ship or Vessel to the Clerk or other Officer of the said Market; and in case

it shall happen that such Fitter's Certificate or Certificates shall at any Time be accidentally loft, or in case any such Ship or Vessel fl!all have been originally loaded or entered outwards for Exportation, and shall afterwards

change her Destination, and arrive or come to her Moorings as aforesaid, without any such Fitter's Certificate or Certificates having been obtained or provided, then and in either of such last mentioned Cases, each and every such Miller of such Ship or Vessel shall deliver or cause to be delivered a like Account of the Quantity, and

Name or Names, or Description or Descriptions of the Coals on board of such his Ship or Vessel, to such Clerk,

w other Officer of the said Market, together with an Affidavit to accompany such Account, and to I e ivvorn

by such Mailer before any of i 1 is Majesty's Juliice or Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Town, or

Place, where the same shall be sworn (and which Oath any such Juliice or Justices are hereby authorized to

?.dmiai(ler) in which Affidavit such Mailer shall (late and verify such Circumstances either of the accidental

Lois of any such Certificate, or of any such Ship having been originally entered outwards, and having after-

uirdi changed her Defliuation, and arrived as aforesaid, without any such Certificate having been obtained or

provided (as the Case may be; and such Clerk or other Officer is hereby required to receive and regiller such Clerk of

Certificate or Certificates, Account or Accounts, together with the Affidavit or Affidavits, accompanying any T\tiTrthe'flmcw

such Account or Accounts as aforesaid, upon Payment or Tender of the herein directed to be demanded rc* tr e u

audtak.cn by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, for every Chaldron (or'Ton of Coals, in case the fame

fha 1 be sold by Weight) contained in such Ship or other Vessel, in a proper Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose; and if any inch Mailer of any such Ship or other Vessel, or other Person having the Career Command-

thereof as aforesaid, shall refuse or negleifl to deliver, or cause to be delivered, in Manner aforesaid, within

Twenty-four Hours after such Ship or other Vessel shall have arrived or come to her Moorings as aforesaid, a

true and perfect Copy of such Certificate or Certificates, or such true Account as aforesaid, where any such Ship or other Vessel shall not come from any Port or Place where by the said Act inch Certificates are required

to he given, or a like true Account, together with such Affidavit accompanying the lame as aforesaid, in case

either of any such accidental Loss of any such Certificate os aforesaid, or c. any such Change in the Deilination

of any such Ship or Vessel originally loaded or entered for Exportation wit! out any inch Certificate having

beer* obtained or provided as aforesaid j or if any such Mailer of any such Ship or Vessel, or other Person,

having

C.lxviii.

PcniJty for

g false Accounts or making fa he Entries.

The Hid Account- ftnl) be* affixed in the Marker*

Coals shall be folii in the Marker, and during Market Hour*, Uc.

Cvds hdenand freighted on hoard any Ship fur Gove* n-; nent, may be in! «drn and dviivcreri, without being pul up to S.dc i.i (oc Market; pi avid- 1 n.c S'; : p M diet It: ft

lend to 1 lie

Clei k of the Mai ket a Copy of the Fitter's Certificate, t getlier u; th an Affidavit ftalirg the Co ils to have been so ladrn and freighted.

470 GEORGII III. Sess.2. A.D. tSo; ,

having the Care or Command thereof, shall deliver, or can ft* to he d/ivered, any- such Copy of such Certificate, or Certificates, or any such Account or Accounts, or any such ATida\it or Affidavits as aforesaid, before such Ship or other Vessel Hi all have arrived or come to her Mooring as aforesaid, or Hnll knowingly and wilfully deliver in any fall? or inaccurate Account of the Quantity, or Name* or Name?, Description or Descriptions of the Coals in such Ship, or other Vessel, every such Mailer or other PesTon having the Care or Command of such Vessel, so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and if any such Clerk or other OHirer shall refitle or neglect to receive and rcgHler any such Copy or Copies of such Certificate or Certificates, or any such Account or Accounts, or any such Affidavit or Affidavits accompanying any such Account or Accounts as aforesaid, upon Payment or Tender of such Sum as aforesaid, or shall make any such Regiftiy, knowing that such Ship or other Vessel had not arrived or come to her Moorings as aforesaid, then and in every such Calc, every such Clerk so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum Hot exceeding Twenty Pounds.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of such Market shall, and he is hereby required, previous to the Opening of the Market next after the Receipt of the Copy of such Certificate or Certificates, or of any such Account or Accounts as aforesaid, to fix up in some eonfpicuous '"art or Parts within the said Market, a true and perfect Copy thereof, in fair and legibleChara&ers, and with the Words te For bale" exp veiled therein; and in case any Copy or Copies of such Certificate or Certificates, or any such Account or Accounts as nfore-said Hiail be received by such Clerk during the Hours of holding such Market, and before One Hour previous to the Close thereof, then and in such Case such Clerk Hud), ami he is hereby required to fix up in Manner aforesaid, a true and perfect Copy thereof, in fair and legible Characters, anti with the Words " For Sale " expressed thereon; and if such Clerk shall refuse or neglect to fix up such Copy or Copies in Manner aforesaid, or within the Time aforesaid, such Clerk so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Owner or Mailer of any Ship, or other Vessel, laden with Coals to be unloaden in any Part of the said Port of London, at or to the West ward of Grave fend aforesaid, of other Person or Persons whosoever, shall sell or dispose of any Coals contained in any such Ship, or other Vessel, or shall agree or contrail for the Sale of any such Coals contained in any such Ship, or other Vessel, before such Copy" or Copies of such Certificate or Certificates, or such Account or Accounts as aforesaid, shall have been fixed up in such Market in Manner aforesaid, or if the said Coals shall be sold in any other Place or Places than in the said Market, or 011 any other Days, or within any other Hours than those* appointed for holding the fame, then and in every such Case, every such Sale, Purchufe, Contract or Agreement for Sale or Purchase, shall be, and the fame is and are hereby declared to be, null and void, to all Intents and Purposes wlnt-soever, and the several Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That when any Ship or Vessel, laden with Coals, shall have arrived at or to the West ward of Blackball, or at her Moorings for Delivery, within any Part of the said Port of London, at or to the Weil ward of Gravesend, which Ship or Vessel shall have been loaded or freighted for or on the Account of Government, who shall have purchased the Whole of the Cargo of Coals contained in any such Ship or Vessel, at the Port where such Ship or Vessel shall have been so loaded or freighted, then and in every such Case, if the Master or other Person having the Care or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall within Twenty-four Hours after such Ship or Vessel shall have arrived or come to her Moorings as aforesaid, deliver or Cause to be delivered to the Clerk or other Officer of the said Market, a true Copy of; he fitter's Certificate of the Coals contained in such Ship or Vessel, or in case it Avail happen that such Fitter's Certificate or Certificates shall have been accidentally loft, or in case such Ship or Vessel shall not come from any Port or Place where by the said recited A<ff, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, such Certificate or Certificates is or are required to be given, the Master or other Person having the Care or Command of such Ship or Vessel (kill, within the Time aforesaid, deliver or cause to be delivered an Account of the Quantity and Name or Names, or Description or Descriptions of the Coals on board of such his Ship or Vessel, to such Clerk or other Officer of the said Market; and to every such Certificate and Account an Affidavit shall be annexed and delivered therewith, which Affidavit shall have been sworn by such Master, or by such other Person having the Career Command of such Ship or Vessel, before any One or more of His Majesty's Justices adring for the Counties of Middlesex or Surrey, or City of London, (and which Oath any such Just ice is hereby authorized to administer), and in loch Affidavit such Master, or other Person having the Care or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall verify such Copy of such Fitter s Certificate or Certificates, Account or Accounts as aforesaid, and shall also set forth and verify such Circumstances of such Ship or Vessel having been so loaded or frcigl.ted as aforesaid, and also such Circum-ilances of any accidental L.ofs which may have happened of anyr such Certificate or Certificates, it shall and may he lawful to unload and deliver such Ship or Vessel, for or on Account of Government, without the Copy of the said Certificate or Certificates, Account or Accounts, being fixed up in the said Market* or the said Coals being in any' Mi nner exposed, or subject to be exposed, or put up for Sale in the said Market, and no Person or Persons whosoever shall provided such Master or other Person having the Care or Command of any such Ship or Vessel* shall have delivered such Certificate or Certificates, Account or Accounts, and have made stich Affidavit, and delivered the fame in Manner aforesaid) be subject or liable to any Penalty or Penalties uh.alsoever for or in ref'idt of such C< py ol such Certificate or Certificates, Account or Accounts, not being fixed up in the said Market, or for or in respect of the Coals contained in any such Ship or Vessel not being exposed or put up for Sale, or (old in such Market, or be subject or liable to any other Penalty or Penalties w-bar soever for or in respect of the Coals contained in any such Ship or Vessel being unloaded or delivered in Manner aforesaid, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

" § <5; 7

357

A.D. 1807.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. C.lxviii.

tt \ 6, 7, and 8 of 3 G. 2. c. 26. recited verbatim, and repealed. — §6 and §7 of 11 G. 2. r. 15, also recited f* verbatim, and repealed, §28.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Bargains or Contrafts for Coals between Buyer or Buyer Sales of Coa!« and Seller or Sellers shall by the Crimp, Factor, or other Person having the Disposal of such Coals (in case any Anil U coined such Crimp, Factor, or other Person, shall be employed for the Disposal of such Coals) he fairly entered, with with the Clcrlt the Conditions thereof, and Price of such Coals, in a Book to be kept by such Crimp, or Factor, or other Person tue

as aforesaid, subscribed by such Buyer or Buyers, and by the fa Id Crimp or Factor, or other Person as aforesaid y

not merely with the Initials of their Names, but with their Names written at full Length, of which Bargain or

Contrail such Crimp or Factor, or other Person as aforesaid, shall at the same Time deli.ergrads a Copy by

him attested to the Seller or Sellers and Buyer or Buyers respectively (in case, but not olln r.vise, of such* Buyer or Buyers or Seller or Sellers respectively demanding such Copy) and a true and perfect Copy of such Bargain

or Contract, and the Price of such Coals, shall be delivered by such Crimp or Factor to th Clerk of the said

Market, within One Hour after the Close of the Market on that Day; and every such Copy shall be by such

Ch.rk entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose; and every such Book (lull! be open for the

Perusal or Inspection of any Person or Persons whomsoever, on demand, at any Time or Times during the

Hours such Market shall be open; and if any such Buyer or Buyers shall subscribe his or tluir Name or Names

to any such Bargain or Contract in such Factor's Book, otherwise than in Manner aforefu.d, or if any

Crimp or Factor, or other Person, having the Disposal of such Coals as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to enter

such Bargain or Contract, or the Price of such Coals, fairly, accurately, and hor.eiUy, without Fraud or

Covin, or to subscribe the fame, or shall neglect or refuse to give Copies thereof in Manner or within the Time

iforesaid, or if any such Clerk shall refuse or neglect to enter such Contract or Bargain, or the Price of such

Coals as aforesaid, in such Book or Books in Manner aforesaid, or shall not permit the Peruf.il or Inspection

thereof to any Person or Persons whomsoever, during such Hours as aforesaid, then and in such Case, every such Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and in case any Person or Persons shall fell his, or her, or their Coals which it shall and may be lawful Perfom nrny Ceil

to and for such Person or Persons to do, without the Intervention of such Crimp, Factor, or other Person a» CoaFt

aforesaid, then and in such Case every such Sale, Bargain, or Contract for the Purchase of Coals, with the ^Vrvcntiwi

Conditions thereof and the Price of such Coals, shall be fairly written on Paper, and shall be signed by the Seller ot'a Fadfcer*

or Sellers, and Buyer or Buyers, with their respective Names written at full Length, and such Paper, when so

fipied, or a true and perfect Copy thereof, shall be delivered by such Seller or Sellers to the Clerk of such

Market within One Hour after the Close of the Market on that Day, and such Clerk shall, and he is hereby

required to enter such Paper, or such Copy thereof, in a Book or Books to be kept for such Purpose, which

Book or Books shall be open for the Inspection and Perusal of any Person or Persons whomsoever, on Demand

at any Time or Times during such Hours as such Market shall be open; and if any such Buyer or Seller shall sign

or subscribe his or their Name or Names to any such Bargain or Contract otherwise than in Manner aforesaid, or

if any such Seller or Sellers shall refuse or neglect to enter inch Bargain or Contract with such Clerk, in Manner

or within the Time aforesaid, or if any such Llerk shall refuse or neglect to enter any such Bargain or Contract in

such Book or Books in Manner aforesaid, or shall not permit the Inspection and Perusal thereof to any Person or Persons whomsoever on Demand, during such Hours as aforesaid, every such Person so offending shall, for

ttery such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds, nor less than Twenty Pounds;

and if any Buyer or Buyers, or other Person on his, her, or their Behalf, shall demand, take, or receive any The true and

Abatement, Deduction, or Allowance (by whatever Name or by whatever Means such Abatement, Deduction, LII P<ice of such

or Allowance shall be called or made) from the Price so delivered to or entered with the Clerk of such Market,

or shall praftifeor make use of any Art, Covin, or Device, foas to obtain any such Abatement, Deduction, or 'cicrk

Alkwauce from the Price so delivered to and entered with the Clerk of such Market, or if any Ship Owner,

Crimp, Factor, Vender or SeiUr of Coals, or any Person on his, her, on their Behalf, shall give, grant, or 2II0W any Abatement, Deduction, or Allowance from the Price so delivered to and entered with the Clerk of such Market (by whatever Name or by whatever Means such Abatement, Deduction, or Allowance shall be called or made; , so that the full Price so delivered to and entered with the Clerk of such Market shall not be received (or such Coals by such Vender or Seller, then and in every such Case, every such Buyer, Ship Owner, Crimp,

Factor, Vender, Seller, and other Persons so offending shall, for every lucii Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds, nor less than Twenty Pounds: Provided always, that the Commission to any Crimp, or Factor, or other Person having the Disposal of Coals, and the usual Discount and Scorage allowed to Buyers, shall not be or be deemed to be any such Abatement, Deduction, or Allowance from such Price as aforesaid.

XXX. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That when any Person (ballon his own Account, or Person* anH ori the Account of himself and any Copartner or Copartners, buy, or enter into any Bargain or Contract for the P<un>er.s »mv Purchase of Coals hi the said Market, or shall enter into any Agreement respecting the Terms in which any Cargo ^c, r

of Co ils fold in Shares in the said Market is to be delivered, then if such Person so buying, contrafting, or &c.°n: it

agree ng, lha 1, at some Time previous to such buying, contrafting, or agreeing, have delivered to the Clerk of Hi-live, u.g tnc the said Market a Paper, containing (in case of such Buyer being a Copartner with any other Person or Persons) f.*me t ihc <u well the usual Firm or Signature of such Buyer and his Copartner or Copartners, as also the true Chriilian and nt Surnames, and Places of Abode, at full Length, of himself and of such his Copartner or Copartners, or containing "

(in case of such Buyer not being a Copanner with any other Person or Persons) the usual Signature of tuch Buyer, and also his true Chriilian Name or Names, and Surname, and Place ot Abode, at full Length, then aid in any such Case, any such Person so buying, contrafting, or agreeing, and having previously delivered such Paper, shall be at liberty, if he thinks tit, to sign and subscribe, with such his own uiual Signature, or in such 4} G*o. IIL LI usual

25S C.lxviii. 47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. A.D. 1807.

usual Firm, or with such usual Signature of himself and his said Copartner or Copartner?, fas the Case maybeh any Bargain or Contract made in the said Market for the Purchase of any Coals, or any such Agreement 2s is herein after required respecting the Terms in which any Cargo fold in Shares in the said Market is to be delivered, (instead of being in such Case obliged to subscribe such Bargain, Contract, or Agreement with his own Name, or with the Names of himself and his Copartner or Copartners at full Length); and in like Manner, if any Factor, who shall fell or enter into any Bargain or Contract for the Sale ot Coals in the said Market, or shall sign his Name as Witness to any such Agreement respecting the Terms of Delivery of any Cargo fold in Shares, shall previously to such felling, or contracting, or figmng, or attelling such Agreement, have delivered to the Clerk of the said Market a Paper, containing (in case of such Fadlor being a Copartner with any other Person or Perform) as well the usual Firm or Signature of such Factor and his Copartner or Copartners, as also the true Christian and Surnames or Places of Abode in full Length of himself and of such his Copartner or Copartners, or containing (in case of such Factor not being a Copartner with any other Person or Persons) the usual Signature of such Fadlor, and also his true Christian Name or Names, and Surnames, and Place of Abode, at full Length; then and in any such Case, any such Factor so felling, or contracting, or ilgning, or attesting any such Agreement, and having previously delivered such Paper, shall be at Liberty, if he thinks fit, to sign or subscribe uith such his own usual Signature, or in such usual Firm, or with such usual Signature of himself and his said Copartner or Copartners (as the Case may bc\ any Bargain or Contract made in the said Market for the Sale of any Coal, or any such Agreement as is herein after required respecting the Terms in which any Cargo fold in Shares in the said Market is to be delivered instead of being in such C: iie obliged to flgn or subscribe such Bargain, or Contract, or Agreement with his own Name, or with the Names of himself and his Copartner or Copartners at full Length; and if any Person shall receive a Paper or Authority, in Writing, from and as the Clerk or Agent cf any other Person or Persons, to buy or enter into Bargains or Contracts on the Behalf of such other Person or Persons for the Purchase of Coals in the said Market, and to enter into Agreements on the Behalf of such other Person or Persons respecting the Terms of Delivery of any Cargo which shall be sold in Shares in the said Market, and if such Clerk, Agent, or Person, shall, previously to his buying on the Behalf of such other Person or Persons, deliver in to the Clerk of the said Market such Paper or Authority, in Writing, and which Paper or Authority, in Writing, shall be signed and subscribed with the Christian and Surnames, and Places of Abode, at full Length, of each and every Person or Persons on whose Behalf such Authority shall be given, and also with the usual Firm or Signature of any Copartner on whose Behalf any such Authority shall be given, or with the usual Signature of any Person, not being a Copartner, on whole Behalf any such Authority may be given (as the Case may be), and shall also contain the Name and Place of Abode, at full Length, of the Person who shall be so authorized thereby; then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful toand for any such Clerk, A gent, or Person who shall have been so authorized, and who shall have previously delivered in to the Clerk of the said Market such Paper or Authority, in Writing, to such Effect, and so signed and subscribed as aforesaid, to enter into and sign or subscribe on the Behalf and in the Name or Names of such other Person or Persons who shall have given such Authority as aforesaid, any Bargain or Contract for the Purchase of any Coals in the said Market, or any such Agreement as is herein after required, in case of any Cargo being fold in Shares in the said Market; and such Clerk, Agent, or Person so authorized, and who shall have previously delivered such Paper as aforesaid, shall be at Liberty, if he thinks fit, to sign or subscribe any such Bargain, Contract, or Agreement as aforesaid with the usual Signature or Firm of the Person or Persons on whose Behalf he shall so buy or enter into such Bargain, Contract, or Agreement, without being obliged to sign the Name or Names of such Person or Persons at full Length, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and the Clerk of the said Market shall and he is hereby required to enter every such Paper in a Book or Books to be kept for such Purpose, which Book or Books shall be open for the inspection or Perusal of any Person or Persons whomsoever on Demand, during such Hours as the said Market shall be open; and if any such Buyer or Factor shall deliver to the said Clerk of such Market any false or imperfe£t Paper or Account of the Firm or Signature, or of the Christian and Surname or Names, or Place or Places of Abode, ot himself, or of himself and his Copartner or Copartners (as the Case may be), or if any such Clerk, Agent, or other Person as aforesaid, shall deliver to the said Clerk of the said Market any false or imperfect Paper, or any other than such Paper or Authority in Writing, to such Effect, and so signed and subscribed as aforesaid, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds; and if any such Clerk of the said Market shall refuse or neglect to enter, or copy, or cause to be entered or copied any such Paper in such Book or Books in Manner aforesaid, or {hill not pcnr.it the Inspedrion or Perusal thereof to any Person or Persons whomsoever, on Demand, during such Hours as aforesaid, such Clerk so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds. Coals may be

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That after the Cargo of any Ship or other Vessel fltr.il have been entered

pufehafed in the with the Clerk of the said Market in Manner aforesaid, the Coals contained in such Cargo shall be and be deemed

to be upon Sale during the Times for holding the said Market as herein-before mentioned; and if the Factor, Agent, or other Person having Power or Authority ot felling the said Cargo of Coal?, or of any Part or Parts thereof, shall give any undue Preference in the Side thereof, or refuse or decline to sell the same, or any Part or Parts thereof, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall be dciirous of pu rehaling not lcls than Twenty one Chaldrons thereof ( Payment for such Coals being then and there tendered with sufficient Security for the Payment of Demurrage, in case of Detention in the Delivery) Inch Factor or Agent, or other Person so offending, mail forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That all Entries made by the Clerk of such Market, in such Booker Books, in pursuance of the Directions of this Act, shall be Evidence in all Cases, Suits, and Actions, touching or concerning any Thing done in pursuance of this Act.

jj 1 a imnrr

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Vender or Venders of or Dealer or Dealers in Co?.!?, ao!me! cia 1 d!om knowingly fell one Sort of Coals for and as a Sort which they really are not, within the said Port of Lmior.9

q'or

Market in Quantities of not leu than 2i Chaldrons.

Entries under this Avft E\idcner.

Penalty on Sale of one Soit of

A.D. 1807; 47° GEORGII III. Self. 2. CMxviii. 259

tr within the respective Cities of London or Westminster, or the respective Liberties thereof, or within such Part or Parts of the respective Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent, and Essex, as is or are situate within the Didance of Twenty-five Miles from the Royal Exchange aforesaid, every such Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of Twenty Pounds per Chaldron for every Chaldron so told; and such Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, Hum not be u...|ecl or liable to any Penalty irr.posed by the said recited Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of her Majesty Queen

Anne, intituled, An Act to dissolve the present, and prevent the future Combination of Coal Owners, Lightermen, 9 Ann* c. it,

Alvjhrs of Ships, and others, to advance the Price of Coals, in prejudice of the Navigation, Trade, and Manufactures

of this Kingdom, and for the further Encouragement of the Coal 'Trade; or by the said recited Act, made in

the Third Year of the Reign of His late Ntajcily King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better 3 G. 2. c. 26.

Regulation of the Coal Trade, on every Perfor. who shall knowingly fell one Sort of Coals for and as a Sort

which they really are not: Provided always, that no Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals,

shall be subject to such Penalty for or in respect of any Number of Chaldrons exceeding Twenty-five Chaldrons, for the fame Offence.

XXXIV. i And Whereas great Inconvenience has arisen from the Appointment of a M-'tcr to a Ship or No Meier Dull

other Vessel for the Delivery of hcrCargo of Coals before the fame was ready for Delivery, 1 be it therefore further be appointed r enacted, That no Meter shall be appointed to any Ship or other Vessel for the Delivery of her Cargo of Coals, Part

until after the Account of the Sale of such Cargo of Coals shall have been entered with the Clerk of the Market, oa

or until the Conclusion of the Market, in which the Account of the Sale of Three Score Chaldrons at the all of the Coals contained in such Ship or other Vessel shall have been so entered with the Clerk of the said Market, in Manner herein directed.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when any Ship or Vessel laden with Coals shall* Coal Ships

have arrived within any Part of the said Port of London, at or to the Westward of Gravesend, and such Ship or da, in8ed ra»JT Vessel Rail, after she shall have arrived as aforesaid, happen to be or become so damaged or injured as to render w*, |JCut waitine it prudent or neccfVary to remove without Delay the Coals contained in such Ship or Vessel out of such Ship or for a §hip Meta. VefL-i, then and in such Case nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to hinder or

prevent the immediate unloading and removing the Coals with which any such Ship or Vessel shall be laden,

from out of such Ship or Vessel into any Lighters or Barges, or other Craft, without waiting for the Appointment or Arrival of any Ship Meter, and without any Person or Persons being subject or liable to any Penalty or Penalties whatsoever for or in respect of such Removal of any such Coals.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Meter employed to Meter may

admeasureor deliver, or to superinted the Admeasurement or Delivery of any Coals from any such Ship or VesselPPoint as aforesaid, to appoint from Time to Time, One of the Fellowship Porters to be such Meter's Man, or to aflifl

such Meter in the Admeasurement or Delivery of such Coala, and from Time to Time to dismiss such Person so piteri°W^-

appointed at his Pleasure, and to appoint any other Fellowship Porter to be such Meter'sMan in the Room of the Person so dismissed; and no Person so appointed by any Meter to be such Meter's Man, or to aflifl such Meter in the Delivery of the Coals from any such Ship or Vessel, shall be entitled to any Pay or Wages or Allowance for any Detention, or to any other Benefit under this Act, except such Person shall be one of the Persons called Fellowship Porters; and that every such Kerson so to be appointed Meter's Man, or Assistant to any such Meter, shall (provided he be a Fellowship Porter, but not otherwise) have and be entitled to receive and be paid by the Undertaker of any such Ship or Vessel, or by the Mailer or Owner (where no Undertaker shall be employed) the fame Wages or Sum of Three Shillings for every Twenty Chaldrons of Coals admeasured and delivered, and shall have and be entitled to receive and be paid by the Mailer or Owner of any such Ship or Vessel, the same Sum or Allowance per Day for Detention Money, and shall also have and be entitled to receive and be pai l all such ether Emoluments as fha 1 or ought to he paid, awarded, or allowed to any Coal-heaver or Whipper employed together with such Meter's Man in the Delivery of any such Ship or Vessel; and that such Undertaker shall have and be entitled to charge and receive, a .d be paid and allowed the fame i'rofit or Allowance and Emolument upon and in respect of such Meter's Man, as shall or ought to be paid or allowed to such Undertaker upon or for any Coal-heaver or Whipper paid and employed by such Undertaker together with such Meter's Man.

XXXVII. i rovided always, and be it enacted, That if any Meter, Meter's Man, Coal heaver, or Whipper, m insard shall, by reason of the Delivery of a less Quantity of Coals than at the Kate of Forty-two Chaldrons a Day, Cajihcrwers if from the Appointment of such Meter to deliver such Ship or Vessel, be detained on board any Ship or unnccuDni/ Vessel by rev.Ion of the "Whole of the Coals not being delivered thereout, over or beyond such Number dcra, ncd'>n

of Days as the Whole of the Cargo thereof would have been delivered in, tuppoiing such Coals had been

delivered at the Rate of Forty-two Chaldrons a Day, then and in such Case the Mailer or Owner of every to IV.tcTyLn such Ship or other Vessel, shall say to every such Meter, Meter's Man, Coal-whipper, or Heaver, such Mu.e; . bum or Sums of Money, not exceeding Seven Shillings per Day, as or by Way of Detention Money for every Day that such Slvip or Vessel shall have been detained beyond such Number ol Days as aforesaid. as any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the City of Lcr.dnn, or Counties of Mtdalcfex, Essex, Kent, or Surrey, according to the Jurisdiction, shall award, on the Application of such Meter, Meter's Men, Coal-heaver, or Whipper, over and above all Coils and Expences of such Application, provided that it shall appear to such Justice or Justices that such Detention did not arise from the Default of the Meter, Meter's Man, Coal-whipper,

rCoal-heaver respectively; and every such Application to any such Justice or Justices shall be made by such Meter, Meter'sMan, Coal-heaver, or Whipper, within Three Days next after the Day on which the Delivery of the Whole of the Cargo of such Ship or Yetfel shall have been completed; and if the Sum or Sums

LI 2 of

26q C.lxviii.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. s.

A.D. 1807.

Money pniel by Shi; ) Maher or O wher for uny Detention cccafionrti by the Default of the C> ai Buytr Jh.nl! be repaid try Coal Buyer.

of Money which shall, upon any such Application, be awarded by such Justice or Justices to be paid as Detentiot Money, for or on account of any such Detention and Costs by any such Ship matter or Owner, to any such Meter, Meter's Man, Coal-heaver, or Whippcr, shall not be immediately paid accordingly, such Sum or Suras shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Shipmaster or Owner, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice or Justices; and the Overplus of the Money, if any, raised by such Diilrefa and Sale, (deducting the Money so awarded and ordered to be paid, and the Costs and Charges of making such Distress and Sale), shall be rendered to the Owner of the Goods and Chattels so distrained 5 and for Want of Distress, and in case the Money so awarded and ordered to be paid shall not be immediately paid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Just ice or Justices to commit such Matter or Owner to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the City or Place for which such Juttiee shall net, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Term not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless such Sum or Sums, and all reasonable Costs attending the Recovery thereof, iluill be sooner paid; and every such Award, Order, and Proceeding of any such Justice or Justices shall be final, binding, and conclusive; and no such Proceedings shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form only, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Proceis whatsoever, into any of H*s Majo*tty's Courts of Record at iVcJlnimjler. or elsewhere.

XXXVI If. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when any Sum or Sums of Money shall be directed by any such Justice or Justices of the Peace to be paid by any Shipmaiter or Owner to any such Meter, Aeter's Man, Coal heaver, or Whipper, as and by way of Detention Money for any Detention which shall have been occasioned by, or have an fen from the Conduct of any Coal Buyer or Buyers, or his, her, or their Agent or Agents, or for any Costs attending the Application for any such Detention Money; and such Sum or Sums of Money shall have been paid accordingly, then and in every such Case, such Coal Buycror Buyers shall repay, or cause to be repaid to such Shipmaiter or Owner, such Sum or Sums as such Shipmaster or Owner shall, in consequence of any such Direction, have paid unto any such Meter, Meters Man, Coal-heaver, or Whipper, for any Detention so oecanoned by such Coal Buyer or Buyers, or his, her, or their Agent or Agents, and for any such Costs; and in case of any Neglect or Refusal in such Coal Buyer or Buyers, his, her, or their Agent or Agents, to make such Repayment, it shall and may be lawful to and for any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the City of London* or Counties of Mi idhj'cX) IJex, Kent, or Surrey, according to the Jurisdiction, on the Application of such Shipmaiter or Owner, to order such Coal Buyer to repay to such Shipmaiter or Owner, any such Sum or Sums, or any Part or Parts thereof, which shall have been paid by such Shipmaiter or Owner, to such Meter, Meter's Man, Coal-heavers, or Whippers, in pursuance of the Direction of such Justice or Justices, for any such Detention and Colts, provided such Detention shall appear to such Justice or Justices to have been occasioned by, or to have arilen from the Default of such Coal Buyer or Buyers, or his, her, or their Agent or Agents; and every such Application to any such Justice or Justices Hull be made by such Shipmaiter or Owner within Ten Days next after any such Detention Money and Colts shall have been awarded and paid by such Shipmaiter or Owner 5 and if the Sum or Sums of Money which shall, upon any such Application, be ordered by such Justice or Justices to be repaid to such Shipmaiter or Owner by such Coal Buyer or Coal Buyers, shall not be immediately repaid accordingly, such Sum or Sums shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Coal Buyer or Buyers, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice or Justices, and the Overplus of the Money (if any) raised by such Distress and Sale, (deducting the Money so ordered to be repaid, and the Costs and Charges of making such Distress and Sale, shall be rendered to the Owner of the Goods and Chattels so distrained; and for want of Distress, and in cd'e the Money so ordered to be repaid shall not be accordingly immediately repaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices, to commit such Coal Buyer or Buyers to the common Gaol or House of Correction for the City or Place for which such Justice or Justices shall act, there to remain, without Bail or Mai.iprize, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless such Sum or Sums, and all reasonable Costs attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid.

XXXIX. Provided nevertheless, and le it further enacted That no Coal Buyer or Buyers shall be subject or liable to the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever as Detention Money, for or in respect of DetenrionMjncy the Detention of any such Meter, Meter's Man, Coal-heaver, or Coal-heavers, on the Day, on which a xc.ptin conic- Meter shall be appointed to any such Ship or Vessel, unless such Meter, Meter's Man, Coal-heaver or Coal-heavers respectively, shall be requested by such Coal Buyer or Buyers, or his or their Agents, to attend, and shall actually attend in consequence of such Request on board fueft Ship or Vessel during that Day; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any such Coal Buyer or Buyers, who shall he r or Owner dissatisfied with or feel himself or themselves aggrieved by any such lait mentioned Order of any such Justice*reflectively may or Justices for the Repayment of any such Sum or Sums to such Shipowner or Mailer, or if any such Ship-a-i?aiThe°^0r# °"fner or Matter shall be dissatisfied with or feci himself aggrieved by the Determination of any such Justice or Decuioi; 0/ihe Justices, who shall, on any such last-mentioned Application think proper to decline making any Order for any Justice, such Repayment, it shall and may be lawful to and for any such Coal Buyer or Buyers, or Matter or Owner

respectively, to appeal to the Justices of the Peace assembled at the next General Quarter Sessions or General Sessions to be holden for the County, City, or Place, where such Order for Repayment shall be made, or refitted to be made, on giving immediate Notice of such Appeal, and finding fuflicieut Security to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices (making or declining to make such Order) for prosecuting the said Appeal with EflUft, and for abiding the Determination of the Court therein; and such Justices in such General Quarter Sessions or General Sessions, shall hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal, and may either confirm or annul the said Order or Determination or may make such other Order or Determination in the Matter of such Appeal, and award such Costs to cither Party as to them the said Justices shall seem just and reasonable; and the Decision of the said

£ Julliui

Coal Buyer not be Ji ib'.c to

t^utnee of hit

WQ Alt.

Coal Jbsvers or Mali

A.D. 1807. 47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2.

C. Ixvuf. 261

Justices therein shall be final, binding, and conclusive 5 and no such Proceedings shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form only, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or else where, any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XLI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Action, Suit, or other Proceeding whatsoever, Ship Marten shall be commenced or prosecuted by any such Ship-owner or Mailer again ll any such Coal Buyer or Buyers, in Aaions^lufit any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at fVefimitiJler, or in any other Court or Courts of Law or Equity, for (; oaj BUyeis, »o the Recovery of, or otherwise respecting any Sum or Sums of Money which shall have been paid by any such rccovcrDctention Ship-owner or Master respectively, for any such Detention or Cods as aforesaid. Money.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That no Person whosoever shall carry on, or exercise or follow the Trade, Nu Person shall BuGncfs or Employ of a Coal Undertaker, or of providing Coal-heavers or Whippers for unloading Coals ^j'ow lhc Trade from any Ship or Vessel within the said Port of London, uidefs he or she shall have previously obtained a Licence to carry on such Business from the Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London, which Court A ijr, .nce is hereby authorized to grant such Licence to such Person or Persons as shall at the Time of foliating the the Court of fume, produce before such Court a Recommendation, signed by Two of His Majesty's Ju It ices of the Peace, Aldcimeo* acting as such, for the City, County, Town, or Place, in which such Person or Persons reiide; and every Perton so licensed, shall pay for his or her Licence the Sum of Twenty Shillings, and no more; and every such Licence shall be granted for, and remain in force for the Term of One Year, to be computed from the Day of the Date thereof, and no longer; and the Christian and Surnames, and the Place of Abode of every Person so licensed, shall within Twenty-four Hours after the granting such respective Licences, be correctly entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose at the Manhoti House of the City of London; and such Book shall at all fmt&ble Times be open for Inspection, gratis, of any Person or Persons whatsoever applying to inspect the fame; and all and every Person or Persons, who shall carry on, exercise, or follow the said Trade of a Coil Undertaker, without having obt ained such Licence, and procured the same to be entered as aforesaid, or who shall carry on, exercise, or follow such Trade for any longer or other Term than shall be txprefied in any such Licence so obtained, and procured to be entered as aforesaid, shall, for every Coal-heaver or Whipperfo provided by him or her, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pound, and the Whole of such Penalty shall go to the Informer.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if Complaint shall be made to the said Lord Ma-or, or to the Sitting Alderman or Aldermen for the Time being of the said City of London, of or relating mly'fuipt nd]"*1 to the Conduct of any such licensed Coal Undertaker in his or her said Trade or Business, the said Mayor and Court of or Sitting Alderman or Aldermen shall and may cause him or her to be brought before him or them, and Alda men may if upon healing the said Complaint, it shall appear to the said Mayor or Sitting Alderman or Aldermen, that the N, mc the said Coal Undertaker shall have acted corruptly or improperly or have offended in any Manner against the Urulcfu^kcr* Provisions or true Intent and Meaning of this Act, then and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and rmconductin* for the said Mayor or Sitting Alderman or Aldermen to suspeiid such Coal Undertaker from carrying on his or himlclk her Trade or Business of Undertaker, until the holding or fining of the then next Court of the said Lord Mayor and Aldermen; and if upon such Complaint being brought and heard before the said Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen, at such their then next Sitting, it shall appear to the said Court that such Coal Undertaker shall have acted corruptly or improperly, or have offended in Manner aforesaid, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen to cause the Name of such Coal Undertaker to be erased from the said Book of licensed 0>al Undertakers; and if any such Undertaker shall, either during such Time for which he or she shall be so suspended, or after the Time of such Erasure of his or her Name being so made from such Book, carry on, exercise, or fullow the said Trade of a Coal Undertaker, every such Person so offending shall, for every Coal-heaver provided by him or her either during the Interval of such Suspension, or subsequently to such Erasure, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and the Whole of such Penalty shall go to the Informer

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Coni Undertaker, or other Person providing any Coal hcaTer or Coal-heavers for the Purpose of unloading CoaE from any Ship or other Vessel within the said Port of London,

shall provide any such Coal-heaver or Coal-heavers, without havirg first taken before the Lord Mayor, or One of the Aldermen of the City of London, the Oath following (which they are hereby empowered to administer); that is to say,

1 I A.R. do swear. That I will well and truly exercise the Business or Employ of a Coal Undertaker or

Provider of Coal-heavers, and so long as I shall continue to exercise that Business, I will in all Things conform myself to the Directiona of an Act of Pa; li ament, made in the Furty-seventh Year of the Reign of 1 King George the Third, intituled, An Act for repealing the several 13s for regulating the Vend and Delivery

Coals within the Cities of London and Wellmiufler, and /.denies thereof, and tn certain Parts of the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent, and E(Te<, and for making hitter Provison for the fame.'

Ever)* such Coal Undertaker, or other Person as aforesaid, shall, for every such Coal-heaver so provided by him, her, or them, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds, and the Whole of such Penalty shall go to the Informer.

XLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Tint if any licensed Victualler, Alehousekeeper, or Im.kce; er, concerned or incerclled, directly or indirectly, either iu Ins or her own Name, or in the Name or N21r.es of any other Person or Persons whomsoover, or by way of Partnership or Agreement, to receive any Undertaker*.

Part of the Profits of such Trade or Trades, shall, directly or indirectly, evercife the Business or Employ of a Coal Undertaker, or of providingany Coal-heaver or Coal-heavers, or any Shovels, Baflvets, or other Implements for unloading any Coals from any Ship or other Veil'd within the said Port of London, every such Victualler,

Alchousekeeper,

Oath of Cost Undci takcT.

Shovel? and other Imple-wenfs for the

ut'loaning of Coal Ships shall be provided by titc Ship-Mader.

Fiy or Wages of Uorlei takers, Coil-heavers, and Mctei't Men.

Court of Aldermen may increase the Wages of Coal Undertaken, &c.

How the Wigcs ot Coal-heavers shall be paid.

ConI-hcavor* fh.iil n be paid their W v£es at any Alcnoufe, He.

Undertaker? (hill, dnring the

Tunc 6f the Si.ip* Delivery, advance to Coai-hcaveis roquert-tng the fame, One Half of the Wages then earned by inch Coal-heave,*

C. lxviii. 47' GEORGII III. Sess. 2. A.D. 1807.

Alehousekeeper, or Innkeeper shall, for every such Coal-heaver, Shovel, Basket, or other Implement provided by him or her, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds, and the Whole of such Penalty shall go to the Informer.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the Master, or Owner or Owners of every Ship or Vessel from which any Coals shall be unloaded or delivered within the said Port of London fl all, and he and they is and are hereby required to provide and find, at his and their own Expence, all such Shovels, Baskets, and other Implements, as shall be requisite and proper for the Unloading or Delivery of the Coals from any such Ship or Veiled; and no such Shovel, Basket, or other Implement, shall be let out for hire by or to any Person or Persons whomsoever, save and except by a licensed Coal Un lertaker or Undertakers, to any such Shipowner or Owner, Mailers or Owners, his or their Agent or Agents, who shall employ such Coal Undertaker or Undertakers; and if any Person or Persons whusoever, not being a Coal Undertaker or Undertakers duly licensed as aforesaid, shall let out to hire any Shovel or Shovels, Baflcct or Baskets, or other Implement or Implements, for the unloading of any such Ship or Vessel, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, or if any licensed Coal Undertaker shall let out to hire any Shovel or Shovels, Basket or Baskets, or other Implement or Implements for the Unloading or Delivery of any such Ship or Vessel to any Person or Persons whomsoever, save and except to the Mailer or Owner of any such Ship, or to his Agent or Agents, every such Person so offending mall, for every such Shovel, Basket, or other Implement so let out, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That every Coal Undertaker shall receive and have from the Master, or Owner or Owners of any Ship or Vessel in the Port of London, for every Chaldron of Coals delivered by the Coal heavers by him or her provided for that Purpose, the Sum of One Penny, in full Compensation for his or her Trouble; and that the several Coal-heavers and Meter's Men shall he entitled to and receive from the Undertaker, or from the Mailer when no Undertaker is employed, for every Twenty Chaldrons of Coals by them delivered, the Sum of Three Shillings each, in foil for their respective Wages or Pay.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London from Time to Time to increase the several Sums payable to the Coal Undertakers, and also the Wages or Hire payable for Labour to the Ship Coal Meters, Meters' Men, and Coal-hcavers respectively, and from Time to Time to reduce the fame, when it shall appear reasonable and equitable to them so to do; and if any such Shipmaller of Owner, or his Agent or Agents, or any other Person or Persons whosoever, shall pay or cause to be paid to any such Coal Undertaker, or if any such Mailer, Owner, Undertaker, or any other Person or Persons whosoever, shall pay or cause to be paid to any such Coal-heaver, Ship Coal Meter, or Meter's Man, any greater or less Sum, or at or after any greater or lefi Rate than is hereby or may be hereafter so settled or appointed by the said Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen, to be paid or payable to such Undertakers, Meters, Meters' Men, or Coal-heavers respectively, every such Master, Undertaker, or other Person so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the Hire and Wages of Coal-heavers or Whippers, and Meters' Men, shall be really and bonaJtde paid by the Mafte<s or Owners of Ships or their Agents, to the Undertaker, when any Undertaker shall be employed; and such Undertaker shall pay and divide, or cause to be paid and divided, such Hire and Wages so received by him for that Purpose, among the said Meters' Men and Coal-heavers or Whippers; and when no Undertaker shall be employed, then such Masters or Owners respectively shall pay or divide such Hire or Wages, really and bondJide, unto or among such Meters' Men and Coal-heavers respectively; and if any such Master or Owner shall pay, or if any such Undertaker shall pay or cause to be paid to any such Coal-heaver or Meter's Man, such Wages or Pay, or any Part thereof, by way of Barter or Exchange, in any Coals, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Meat, Drink, Lodging or Materials for Wearing Apparel, or with any other Matter or Thing whatsoever, other than Current Money, or shall make any Deduction or Abatement from or out of such Wages or Pay, under Pretence of furnishing Baskets, Shovels, or other Implements used in the unloading of Coals, or for or under any other Pretence whatsoever, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds, and the Whole of such Penalty shall go to the Informer.

L And be it further enacted, That the Undertaker shall pay, or cause to be paid the Hire and Wages of the Coal-heaver or Coal-hea» ers employed by him, unto and among fl all such Coal-heavers, at his Accounting House, or other convenient Place for that Purpose; and where no Undertaker is employed, the ShiprcniUr or Owner shall himself pay and divide the fame equally amongst the Coal-heavers, on board the Ship or Vessel in which they shall have been employed; and if any such Master or Owner where no Undertaker is employed shall pay or if any such Undertaker shall pay or cause to be paid to any such Coal-heaver any such Hire or Wages, or any Part thereof, at any Ale House, Victualling^House, or Inn, or in any ther Description of Place than as aforesaid, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

LI. And be it farther enabled. That the Person or Persons who shall be employed as the Undertaker or Undertakers for the Delivery or Unloading of Coals from any Ship or Vessel within the said ort of L': Lnt shall, and such Coal Undertaker or Undertakers is and are hereby dirccled and required from Time to Yime, during the Time of the Delivery of such Ship or Vessel, to advance to allorany of the respective Coah!.er.v; r$ or Whippers employed by such Undertaker or Undertakers in the Delivery of such Slop or Vessel, who tr.r.11 requeff the fame, One Half of the Wages already earned by, and then due to any of such respective Coal-heavers or Whippers for Work done in or towards the Delivery of such Ship or Vessel previous to the making of any such Pequest: Provided such Coal-heavers or Whippers respectively shall attend to receive the same between the Hours of Five and Seven of the Clock in the Evening.

C. lxviii

A.D. 1807.

470 GEORGII III. Self. 2.

263

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every such Coal Undertaker and Undertakers shall, and he or Undertaker*

they is and are hereby directed and required, after the Delivery of the Cargo of Coals out of any such Ship or Vessel shall be completed, and at or before Seven of the Clock in the Evening of the Day on which such Delivery fun* vJiihin a shall be finished, in case such Delivery shall be completed before Five of the Clock in the Evening, or at or before limited Time Seven of the Clock of the Evening of the next Day after the Completion of such Delivery, to pay or cause to after each SIup'i be paid to all and every of the respective Coal-heavers or Whippers employed in the Delivery of such Ship or delivery.

Vessel, who Dull apply in reasonable Time, and attend to receive the same, the Whole of the Money or Wages due or remaining due to each of such Coal-heavers and Whippers respectively so applying and attending to rective the fame, for working in the Delivery of such Ship or Vessel; but whenever the Day next after the Day on which the Delivery of any such Ship or Vessel shall be iinished, shall happen to be a Sunday, Good Friday,

Chrijhnas Day, or a Fa ft Day byr Proclamation, then and in such Case the Whole of such respective Wages To due orren lining due shall he paid by such Coal Undertaker or Coal Undertakers to all and every such respective Coal-heavers or Whippers who shall apply in reasonable Time and attend to receive the same, at or before Nine of the Clock of the Day on which such Delivery shall he completed, whether such Delivery shall be finishedat or before Five of the Clock in the Evening on such D y or not; and if any such Coal Undertaker or Undertakers shall rot, at or before such Time or respective Tin* 1 as herein-before for that Purpose appointed, according to the several Cases herein-before specified, pay or cause to be paid to any such Coal-heaver or Whipper, who shall apply in a reasonable Time and attend to receive tju fame, the Whole of such Money or Wages due or remaining due to such CoaFheaver or Whipper as aforesaid, ev?ry such Coal Undertaker so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sun not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

LIII. Provided always, and b. it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend Undertaker* so as to hinder or prevent any such Coal Undertaker or Undertakers from deducting any Money which shall be so advanced by him, her, or them, during the Time of the Delivery of any such Ship or Vessel, to any such advanced* when Uoal-heaver or Whipper, or respective Coal-heavers or Whippers, in Part of his or their respective Wages, they finally when such Undertaker or Undertakers shall finally settle with and pay off any such Coal-heaver or Whipper, or fculc with the Coal-heavers or Whippers respectively, aiterthe Delivery of such Ship or Vessel shall have been completed. Coal-heavers.

LLV. And be it further enacted, That if any Undertaker or Basket Man, or any Publican to whose House Undertakers

the said Mailer or Matters, Owner or Owner : , to employ any particular Coal Undertaker, or Gang or Gangs f'u'kfcnc^ionry of Coal-heavers, for the unloading any such Ship or VcllM, or if any such Mailer or Mailers, Owner or Owners, p, inail.u shall take or receive any such Money, or other Gift or Reward, for any such Purpose, from such Undertaker, ot Cu.il m.uvcu-Ba: ket Man, Publican, or other Person or Persons, on his, her, or their Behalf, every such Maficr, Owner,

Undertaker, Basket Man, Publican, or other Person, so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

LV. And be it further enacted, That each and even, " Meter superintending the Admeasurement or Delivery s^p ^ters

of any Coals from any Ship or other Vessel into any Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, shall, and he and they is and are hereby required to give and deliver to the Lighterman or other Person having the Care or Management of the Lighter Barge, or other Craft into which the Coals from such Ship or other Vessel shall be admeasured or delivered, before such Lighter, Barge, or other Craft shall quit such Ship or other VefTJ, a Certificate or Certilicatcs of the Quantity of Coals admeasured or delivered into such Lighter, Barge, or other Craft; and each and every Certificate shall be numbered, beginning with Number One for the Fu ll Certificate delivered, and so on in an arithmetical Progression ascending, whereof the common Excess or Difference shall be always One, until the whole Cargo of Coals contained in such Ship or other Vessel shall be d livered; and every such Certificate shall be witnessed by the Mailer or Mate of such Ship or other Vessel, and shall be made in the following Form;

' Number [Aw insert the Number of the Certiu a/e.]

T A. do hereby certify, That I have delivered from on board the [here insert the Name of the Ship or other 4^Firffel, and also the Masters Christian and Surname] Master, from |[here insert the Name of tin Pom1 where the

Cc/ih mere put on board] of [here insert the Name by which the Coals are known] Coal., [here inf erf the N: nbrr of

ChaUrons] Chaldrons, in the Room, [or. Rooms, if more than Onej N [here spee ify the Number of the K-jom,

reckonin'* from the Head to the Stern] of the Lighter ( or, Barge, or other Cr ftJ called the [ here insert the Name

Craft, or the

j^Meter,

Witness C.D. Mailer, [or, Mate.]

Fort of London [here infer l the Day of the Month, and the Month and Fear in which such Coals were delivered, And in case such Coals shall be sold by Weight, the Word Tors fiia'I be inserted in such Certificate or Certificates, in lieu of the Word Chaldrons', and in the making out such Certificate or Certificates, no Figure shall be made use of, but each and every Word shall he legibly written at Length slave and except the Date of the Year, which shall giv Certificates of the C ills delivered into cacti L.^Uiuc.

1 of lie Lighter, Barge, or other Craft] Number [hire inf rt the Number of the Tighter, ' large, <r other (*and the Name of the Lighterman] Lighterman, on account of [here insert the Name of the Buyer of the Coals, 1 Person for whose Use fu h Coals are delivered, as fiscal be required J B. r

and if any Meter or other Person superintending the Admeasurement or Dcliv y of such Coals, fh .il refute or neMcfl to give or deliver such Certificate, signed with his own Name, and in his own Hand Writing, and drawn in Manner aforesaid, to the Person or Persons having the Care or Management of such Lighter, Barge, or other* Craft, or shall wilfully give or deliver the fame with a wrong or false Number of the Certificate inserted therein.

Lightermen Hull

«k*liver (acU C<rtilicate to the Whai-ficgcr.

Ship Meters fti til k.<rcp Accounts of tie' Coals delivered by them.

and det'vcr fame t<> CIctK of the M.uk*«.

Penalty for pi eventing the Vat from being

aixviii. 47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. A.D. 1807.

or with a wrong or false Name of the Ship or other Vessel, or of the Master, or of the Port where the Coals were put onboard such Ship or other Vessel, or of the Name or Names, Sort or Sorts of the Coals, or with a wrong or false Account of the Quantity of Coals admeasured or delivered into any Room of such Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, inserted therein, or with a wrong or false Name or Names of the Lighterman, or of the Buyer or other Person for whose Ufefuch Coals arc delivered, or with a wrong or false Month or Date thereof, or of the Year, or without the Signature of such Mailer or Mate the reto, or make use of any Fraud, Covin, or Device, by which the same shall be wrong or false; or if any such Master or Mate shall refuse or neglect to sign any such Certificate when true and accurate, or shall sign any such Certificate, knowing the Whole or any Part or Parts thereof to bt wrong or false, or if any such Lighterman, or other Person having the Ca»*c or Management of such Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, shall not wait a reasonable Time after the Coals shall have been so admeasured err delivered for the Purpose of receiving such Certificate or Certificates, or shall refuse or neglect to receive the same, or shall, on the Delivery of every such Certificate, refuse or neglect to pay the Meter or other Person super-intending the Admeasurement or Delivery of such Coals the aforesaid Sum of Three pence for each and every such Certificate, then and in every such Case, every such Meter or other Person superintending the Admeasurement or Delivery of such Coals so offending, and every such Master or Mate so offending, and each and every such Lighterman or other Person having the Care or Management of such Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay' any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That each and every Lighterman, or other Person having the Care or Management of any Lighter, Barge, or other Craft laden with Coals, in the said Port of London, shall, and he is hereby required to deliver gratis, before any Part of the said Coals shall be taken out of any such Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, to the Holder or Holders of the Wharf or other Landing Place where such Coals arc intended to be delivered, or to his, her, or their Servant, the Certificate of the Quantity of Coals measured or weighed into such Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, and herein directed to be given to such Lighterman or other Person by the Meter admeasuring or weighing the Coals from any Ship or other Vessel in the said Port of London, into such Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, for the Inspection of all those Persons who may be interested in the Purchase or Delivery of such Coals; and if any such Lighterman or other Person having the Care or Management of any such Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, to Whom any such Certificate shall have been delivered by such Ship Meter, shall refuse or neglect to deliver the fame in Manner aforesaid to such Wharfinger or Holder of such Wharf or other Landing Place, such Lighterman or other Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sinn not exceeding Twenty Pounds; or if any Holder or Holders of a Wharf or other Landing Place, Wharfinger or Wharfingers, to whom such Certificate shall have been delivered, shall refuse or neglect to permit any Person concerned in the Purchase or Delivery of such Coals at all reasonable Times to inspect such Certificate, every such Holder or Holders of a Wharf or other Landing Place, Wharfinger or Wharfingers, so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds; or if any such Lighterman, Holder of the Wharf, or other Person, shall wilfully erase, deface, alter, or destroy such Certificate, or be aiding or assisting therein, or permit or suffer the same to be done, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That each and every such Meter admeasuring or weighing, or attending the Admeasurement or Weighing of any Coals from any Ship or other Vessel within the said Port of London, into any Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, or on any Quay or Landing Place, shall keep a Book or Books, and shall enter therein the Name of the Ship or other Vessel, and the several Quantities of Coals delivered by him or them from such Ship or other Vessel, together with the Day of the Month and Year on which such several Quantities shall have been delivered, and the Name and Number or Numbers marked or described on the Lighter or Lighters, Barge or Barges, or other Craft, and the several Quantities of Coals delivered into each Room or Divisian of such respective Lighter, Barge, or Craft, or the Name of the Quay or Landing Place into or upon which such Coals have been delivered; and such Entry' or Entries shall, when all the Coals contained in such Ship or other Vessel shall have been delivered, be signed by such Meter or Meters, and witnessed by the MaOer or other Person having the Care or Charge of such Ship or other Vessel; and such Meter or Meters 111 all, and he and they is and are hereby required to deliver, or cause to be delivered, gratis, a Copy of the respective Entries from such Book or Books to the Clerk of the said Market, with the Factor or Factors Name or Names iuferibed thereon, within Twenty-four Hours after the unloading thereof of Coals; and every such Clerk is hereby required to receive and preserve all such Copies of the Entries contained in such Book or Books; and if any such Meter shall make a false Entry or Entries in such Book or Books of the Name of such Ship or other Vessel, or of the Quantity of Coals delivered thereout, or of the Day, or Month, or Year, or of the Name or Names, or Number or Numbers, of the Lighter or Lighters, Barge or Barges, or other Craft, or of the several Quantities of Coals delivered into each Room or Division of each respective Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, or of the Name of any Quay or Landing Place into or upon which the Coals from such Ship or other Vessel shall have been delivered, or shall not deliver or cause to be delivered such Copies of the Entries contained in such Buok or Books to such Clerk within the Time aforesaid, or if the Master or other Person having the Care or Charge of such Slip or other Vessel shall refuse or neglejl to witness such Entry or Entries, when true and correct, or shall knowingly witness any such false Entry or Entries, or if any such Clerk shall refuse or neglect to receive and preserve such Entry or Entries, Book or Books, or shall refuse or not permit the Inspection or Perusal thereof to any Person or Persons whomsoever on Demand, at any Time or Times during such Days and Hours as such Market foil be kept open, every such Person so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Ship Owner or Owners, Master or Masters, Mate or Mates, Coal Undertaker or Undertakers, Buyer or Buyers of Coals, or his or their Agents, or any Coai-hoaver

or

A.D. 1807.

470 GEORGII III. Sess. 2.

Clxviii.

2)

or Whip per, or any oilier Person or Persons whomever, shall, directly or imlire&ly, in any Manner prevent or attempt to prevent any Meter, who shall be engaged in tl>e Admeafuivment or Delivery, or in fupcnntending the Admeasurement or Delivery of any Conls from any Ship or Vessel within the said Tort of London, from having the Vat or other Measure filled according to the Directions of such Meter employed i: the AdmeV-urenu; -, t or Del very of such Coals from on board inch Ship or Vessel, every such Person or Persons so olltnding Ihidj, forever)' Inch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

I.IX- Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Stage or Spout, by which any Coals flinll be fl: ot fri'Ti any such Ship or Vessel within the Port of London, into any Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, shall he provided by the Mailer or Owner of such Ship or Veiled, ard that every such Stage or Spout used for such I'urpose, and so to be provided as aforesaid, shall be of not less than the respective Dimcnfionn following; that is to say. Five Feet Six Inches wide at the Top, Four Feet Six Inches wide at the Bottom, and Ten Inches high at the Sides, and of a proper Length, as the Case may require: and if any such Mailer or Owner shall mglec.l to provide for his Ship or Vessel Inch Stage or Spout, of Inch respective Dhneufions as aforesaid, or Until not use or cause to be used such Stage or Spoilt when it shall be necessary or proper to use such Stage or Spout for the (hooting or delivering of any Coals from any such Ship or Vessel into any Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, within the said Port of London, then and in every such Case every such Mailer or Owner so offending fnali, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds.

LX. And be it further enacted, That when the Whole of the Cargo of Coals contained in any such Ship or Vessel shall be purchased by and fold in Shares to different Buyers.in the said Market, or their Clerks or Agents, who shall have been lawfully authorized as aforesaid, and who shall have previously delivered in such Authority in Writing to the Clerk of the said Market as aforesaid, on the Behalf of any such different Buyers respectively, then and in such Case such different Buyers or their Clerks or Agents so authorized, and who shall have delivered in such Paper to the Clerk of the said Market as aforesaid, shall, and he and they is and are hereby respectively required within One Hour after the Close of the Market on the Day when such Purchase fit ill be made, to sign an Agreement specifying the Turns in which each of such different Buyers is to receive his particular Share of such Cirgo, and which Agreement shall also be attclled and subsevibed with the Name of the Faiftoror Factors, or Seller or Sellers of such Coals, as the Witness or Witnesses thereto, and such Faflor or Factors, Seller or Sellers of such Coals, shall deliver in, or cause to be delivered in, at the Sea Coal Meter's Office, such Agree* inent when so fig tied and subscribed, at or before Three of the Clock in the Afternoon of the Day on which such Cargo shall be purchased; and the Principal Clerk for the Time being of such Office shall deliver* or cause to b"delivered, such Agreement to the Ship Meter who shall he appointed to measur or superinteud the Admealu rente nt and Delivery of such Cargo, and such Meter shall, immediately upon his Arrival on board such Ship or Vessel, deliver such Agreement to the Mailer or Mate of such Ship or Vessel; and each of such respective Buyers shall be entitled to have, and shall have, the several Quantities of Coals purchased by or on the Behalf of such Buyers respectively, delivered to them out of such Ship or Vessel, in and according to the Turns expressed in such Agreement so delivered to such Mailer or Mate; and when and as soon as the Delivery of such Cargo from on board such Ship or Vessel shall be completed, such Mailer or Mate shall, and he i.« hereby required immediately to re-deliver or cause to be rc-delivered such Agreement to such Meter, and such Meter shall, and he is hereby required within Twenty-four Hours after such lve-delivery of the same to him, to deliver or cause to be delivered such Agreement to the Clerk of the said Market, at the Office of the said Market, and such Clerk of the said Market shall and be is hereby required to file every such Agreement on a 1: 1c or Fibs to be kept for that Purpose, which File shall be open for the Search or Inspection of any Person or Persons on Demand, during such Hours as the said* Market shall be open; and if any such Person or Persons so buying any such Share on his own Account, or the Account of hi-nlelt and his Co-partner or Co partners, or as the Clerk or Agent on the Behalf of any other Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall refuse or negle it to flgn such Agreement as aforesaid, or if any such Factor or other Seller shall refule or negletl to subscribe the lame as aforesaid, or shall not deliver or cause to be delivered any such Agreement which shall have been so signed, into the said Sea Coal Meter's Office, at or before Three of the Clock in the Afternoon of the Day on which such Cargo shall be purchased, or if such Principal Clerk of such Office shall refuse or neglect to deliver, or cauic to be delivered, such Agreement so left at such Office to such Meter so appointed to such Ship or Vessel, or if such ALt'T shall refuse or neglect to deliver immediately upon his Arrival on board such Ship or Vessel such Agreement so received by him to such Mailer or Mate of such Ship or Vessel, or if any such Mailer or Mate, to whom such Agreement shall have been delivered, shall refuse to permit any Person or Persons applying for that Purpose, at any Time before the dVhole of the Cargo shall have been delivered, to iuipedt such Agreement, which shall have been so signed and delivered to such Mailer or Mate, or if any such Mailer or Mate, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, shall in any Manner obstruct, or attempt to obflrndt the Admcaturement or I>.li.cry of such Cargo in or according to such Turns or if any such Mailer or Mate to whom any such A^e'ment shall have been delivered, shall not immediately after the Delivery of such Cngu f om on board LA Ship or Vessel shall be completed, re-deliver or cause to be re delivered Inch Agreement to inch Meter, or if such Meter to whom any such Agreement shall have been lo re-delivered shall r.ot, w.thm Twenty-four Hours after the Re-delivery thereof to him, deliver or cause to be delivered inch Agreement to ihc said Clerk of tie' laid Market, at his Office in the said Market, or if such Clerk of the i.ud Market shall ref-lie or neglect to IjIc orcufeto be filed any such Agreement on such File or Files in Manner aioreiuid, or I: , ill not jiern.it rv.y Person or Persons whomsoever, on Demand, to feirch for and id peel any such Agreement, dining m h f jours zs aforesaid, every such Buyer, Clerk, Agent, Factor or Seller, Mailer or Mate, Meter, 0 0: so offending, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding the Sum ot Ikwitv anJ if any Lighterman or other Person having or pretending to havv', or affmning the Cue or Mu 47 Geo. III. M m

filer! arcordn; »o rlir 1)1»A; m

of tnc Mutr.

Sp< tit nr t 1 Ihu Co K tri m shall be ji'ovidctl by or

Owner:

It* D; rat-nib ni.

When

of Coals is luld to dish'ienf Buyers how to be delivered.

r l\i l'o»i

Pound;nge tivu t oi

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2.

Icgltermen

n. .y cjrt y on

P ir nti Hiip wiib Coal XJvjIcjs.

X<»t less than 5 Chall.Vons and one Va. or fi iiif Multiple of that Quantity, thall kc dt-tivi red into sniy Barge or B.OOJH Ota Bjtgr.

But C-c als mnv kc laden in Bulk.

Mrtrr flvitl not deliver Coals

into »} f; ] B.'l , 'f J

cr into ITo.-ms of B ug <1 \ii g <K m Uum before.

Irrept 'nto ejup'y Rooms.

In rnrp B ges

i*a'*'he Cl a'.i ce fa

*U p on lu,

C. .t: } t t m. &><' n.ay I-C iUcton.

CJxviii.

A.D. 1807.

of any Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, shall, without the Consent and Permission of the Buyer or Buyers, or his or their Agent v.hofeTurn it is to load according to the aforesaid Agreement, load, or direct or futT^r to be loaded, any such Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, with any Quantity whatever of Coals from any such Ship or Vessel, out of or in Violation of the Turn or Order of Working or Delivery which shall h ive been agreed upon by and amongst the different buyers of*lie Cargo of such Ship or Vessel, or their refjK'Clive Agents as aforesaid, every such Lighterman or other Person so having or adorning the Management of such Ligi ter, Barge, or other Craft, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

LXI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Lighterman or Lightermen, t»enter into Copartnership with any Woodmonger or Woodmongers, or other Person or Persons whomsoever in the Trade or Business of a Coal Dealer or Coal Dealers, and to carry on as Copartner or Copartners with such Person or Persons such Trade or Business of a Coal Dealer or Dealers, and to keep, use, and employ, as fuel* Copartners, their own Lighters, Barges, or other Craft, in and for the carrying of Coals to and from any such Ship or other Vessel in the River Thames* and to" and from any Wharf, Dock, Creek, or other Place whatsoever, on or near the said River Th vies without being subject to any Penalty or Penalties for any such joint trading together, any AStatute, Bye Law, or Ordinance whatsoever to the contrary thereof in any wise notvitbllanding: Provided nevertheless, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be con ft rued to extend so as to authori e or empower any Lighterman or Lightermen to be or become jointly interested with any Woodmonger or Woodmongers, or other Person or Persons whomsoever, (not being a Lighterman or Lightermen), in the Trade or Business of carrying in Lighters for Hiie any Sort or Description of Goods whatsoever, other than and except only such Coals as may be lightened by them iu their said Trade of Coal Dealers.

LXII. 4 And Whereas it would tend greatly to the Prevention of Fraud if certain particular Quantities of < Coals only were permitted to be loaded into Barges, Lighters, or other Craft, ftom Ships and other Vessel discharging their Cargoes of Coals in the said River Thames? be it therefore further enacted, That if any Meter delivering Coals shall load, or permit or stiffer to be loaded, from any such' Ship or other Vessel in the River Thamtty into any Lighter, Barge or other Craft, a less Quantity than Five Chaldrons and One Vat or Twenty-noe Vats, or any Quantity between Five Chaldrons and One Vat or Twenty-one Vats, and Ten Cinldrons audTwo Wats, or Forty-two Vats or any Quantity between Ten Chaldrons and Two Vats or Forty-two Vats, and Fifteen Chaldrons and Three Vats or Sixty-three V its, or any Quantity between Filtcen Chaldrons and Three Vats or Sivty-three Vats, and between Twenty-one Chaldrons or Eighty-four Vats, or otherwise so that there shall be a less Quantity than Five L haldrons and One Vat or Twenty-one Vats, or than some Multiple of Five Chaldrons, and One Vat or Twenty one Vats, in any such Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, or in any Roomer Rooms, Division or Divisions thereof, save and except for the Clearance of such Ship or other Vessel when the Cargo is reduced to a less Quantity than Five Chaldrons and One Vat or Twenty-one Vats, or if any Lighterman or other IVrfon having the Care or Management of such Lighter. Baige, or other Craft, shall, without the Ferniiffion or Consent of such Meter, takeaway his or their Lighter, Barge, or other Craft from any such Ship or other Vessel, so as to prevent the fame from being loaded with the Quantity herein directed, then and in every such Case every such Meter so offending, and every such Lighternun or other Person so offending, shall, for every Inch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

LXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent the Shooting or delivery of Coals in Bulk from any such Ship or Vessel into any partitioned or divided Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, in case the Lighterman or other Person having the Care or Management of such Lighter, Barge, or Craft, shall desire to have his Coals io loaded ir Bulk: Provided neverthekffs, that the Quantity of Coals so to be loaded or delivered in Bulk shall always con fill of Five Chaldrons and One Vat or Twenty-one Vats, or some Multiple of Five Chaldrons and One Vat or Twenty-one Vats, so that there shall not be any Quantity less than Five Chaldrons and One Vat or Twenty one Vats, or than some Multiple of Five Chaldrons and One Vat or Twenty-one Vats, in any such Lighter, Barge, or other Craft io loaded in Bulk, save and except for the Clearance of such Ship or Vessel when the Cargo is reduced to a less Quantity than Five Chaldrons and One Vat or Twenty-one Vats.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Meter or other Person shall (hoot or deliver, or shall pennit, fufter, or cause to be shot or delivered from any Ship or other Vessel in the Port of JjOiuhn, any Coals into any open or undivided Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, or into any Room or Division of any divided Lighter, Barge or other Craft, containing any Coals obtained or received from any other Ship or Vessel, or from any other Lighter, Barge, or Craft, or from any other Place whatsoever, save and except from the Ship or other VefFl from which such Meter or other Perfoti shall be (hooting or delivering Coals or shall be in anytvne aiding or affiling therein, then and in every such Case every such Meter, and every such other Person, shall, for every fuel) Offence, forfeit and pay' any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds

LXV. Provided always, ar.tl be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or bo con ft rued to extend Li as to prevent or hinder the Shooting and Delivery oi Coals into any empty Room or Rooms of any Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, or into the vacant or unloaded End or Part of any open or undivided Ligbur, Barge, or other Craft.

LXVI. Provided also, anj he'it enabled, That as often as it shall happen that any Lighter, Barye, cr Craft, o\ any Room ot ?.'>y divided Lighter, Ikrgc, or other Craft, winch may have been loaded by the Room, ir .ill, by .Aon of its having been leaded with the Clearance of any such Ship or Vessel contain any Quantity less than Five Chaldrons and One Vat or Twenty-one Vats or any Quantity which shall not be iome Multiple of Five Chaldrons and Oae Vat, or Twenty-one Vats, then and in such Case nothing herein before contained

fell

A.D. 1807. 47° GEORGII III. Self. 2. C.lxviii.

Ibii! extend or be confiru<\i to fextend to prevent the Shooting or Delivery from any other or different Ship or Vessel into inch Li: liter, Barge, or Craft, or Room of any such Lighter, Barge, or Craft, so cont lining such deficient Clearance of iueh former Ship, any quantity of Coals, provided tint f um additional Cords be of the same Kind or Description of Coals as those which may have been cleared out of inch frrft Ship, and provided the Certificate or Certificates of the Meter or Meters fro n t. 1 Ship from whence such L'giitnr, Barge, or other Crutt shall have been in Part loaded, be previously produced to the M ter on board the Sh.p from which such Lighter, Barge, or other Craft shall be so filled up, a id r.ro/.dvl lihcwilc tint such Lighter, Bi'*gu» or other Craft, or such Room, warn so filled up, ftnll contain cither Five Chaldrons and O..C Vat or Twenty-one \'at3 of Coals or fume Multiple of Five Ch.lldrons and O ic Vat or Twc nty-one Vat«.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Ship Meter shall give a Certificate for the Dffivrry of any Pared <>r Quantity of Coals irom any Ship or other Vefkl', within the said Port of I, on Jon, without having duly and truly ineafurcd the fame, or superintended the Admeasurement of the Whole of such Coals by the Vat, fitch Meter so offending shall for every fuel) Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

LXVIII. And be it further ei.a led, Ti at if any Ship Owner or Owners, Mailer or Mailers, Buyer or Buyers of Coals, or any Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealer* in Coals, or any Person or I'ersons on his, her, ortlieir Behalf, shall give or grant, or promise to give or grant any Money, or any Co ds, orany other Gift or Reward to any Ship Metcror Meters employed in the Admeasurement of Coals from or out of any Ship or Vessel laden with Coals, within the said Port of Lon ions for or on account of such Meter or Meters having measured. or being about to ineaiure, any Coals from any such Ship or Vessel for such Buyer or Buyer*, Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers, or it any such Ship Meter or Meters shall take or receive any such Money, Coals, or other Gift or Reward. Irom any such Owner or Owners Mailer or Mailers, Buyer or Buyers, Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers, or other Person or Persons, on his, her, or their Behalf, then and in such Case every such Ow ?K-r, Mailer, Buyer, Vender, Dealer, Meter, and other Person so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One bundled Pounds: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to fuKodt or render liable to the said Penalty or One hundred bounds, any Ship Owner or Shipowners, Mailer or Mailers, Buyer or Buyers of Coals, or Vender or Venders of or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, or any Person on his, her, or their Behalf, for giving or granting, or promising to give or grant any of the several Sums of Money specifu d in the Schedule in this Act contained, and for the several Purposes therein mentioned; but such several Sums in such Schedule specified shall be paid and payable by the several Persons therein mentioned to such Slug Meter or Meters, any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Purchaser of Purchasers, Vender or Venders of Coals, or his, her, or their Servant or Servants, or other Person or Persons ailing by or under the Authority of such Purchaser or Purchasers, Vender or Venders, respectively, shall be dillatbfied with the Mea n re of any Coals idmeasured from any Ship or other Vessel, and shall within One Hour after the Delivery of such Coals into the Lighter, Barge, or other Craft belonging to or lent by the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, and before such Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, shall have left the Ship or other Vessel from whence such Coals shall have been delivered, signify to the Meter on board such Ship or other Vessel, his, her, or their Desire, to have the fame1 remeasured, then and in every such Case, it shall and may be Iawiul to and for the Purchaser or Purchasers, Vender or Venders, of such Coals, his, her, or their Servant or Servants, or other Person or Persons acting by or under1 the Authority of such Purchaser or Purchasers, or Vender or Venders, to leave, or cawfe a Notice to be left io Writing, at the Sea Coal Meter's Office, defil ing that such Coals may be remeasured, and specifying the Lighter, Barge, or other Craft., containing such Coals so required to be remeasured, and where such Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, isthenlying, and on the Receipt of such Notice, Two Deputy Meters from such Office shall forthwith attend to remeasure such Cords, and shall accordingly forthwith rcmcaiurc such Coals by the Vnt, in the Pre fence of the Ship Meter who shall have so measured such Coals into such Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, and in the Presence of the Vender or Venders, or Purchaser or Pure halers, of such Coals, his, her, or their Servant or Servants respc<5lively, or other Person or Persons aAing by or under the Authority of such Vender or Venders irfpefclively, in case they or any of them shall attend to lee the fame remeasured; and in case the Clerk at such Sea Coal Meter's Office shall neglect or refuse to fend such Two Deputy Meters, or in case such Two Deputy Meters shall neglect or refuse to attend within Six Hours after such Notice in Writing left as aforesaid, or to remeasure such Coals in Manner aforesaid, provided the a I ore laid Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, be not taken away or removed from the Ship or Vessel from which such Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, was loaded, then ami in every such Case such Clerk, and every such Deputy Coal Meter so offending1, shall for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any iSum not exceeding Five Pounds; and for such Remeasurement the Person or Persons so requiring such Coals to be remeasured shall pay the Coal Meters attending such Rcnicalureinent at and after the Rate of Sixpence for every Chaldron of C >aK so remeaimed; and the \ at for ivmeasuring such Coals shall he placed and affixed for t/ie Purpose of being uh d for such Rc meal are men t at the Costs and Charges of the Person or ^ersons so desiring such Kemcaiurement; and in case the Coals so rrm.niured lh di either not amount to or er.reed the Quantity mentioned in the Certificate of tJ, e Shin Meter, as required by tni* A cl, the Coil Metci who shall have measured the Coals from the Ship or other Vesse! into Itsch Lighter, Forge, or other Craft, fil'd 1, i; i case Inch Deficiency or Excels shall exceed Four BufiicK, and not exceed Seven Ib.'h h ii n iy F.v* Chrhbont and Or, e Vat so remeasured, forfeit and pay for even Five Chaldron-, and hie n at so deficient or exceethng, the Sum or Thiree Pounds, and also the Expences of I lie placing and affixing such Vat, and all other Ilxpcwc'*} attending such Kemcaiureiv.eut; and in case such LVhciewcy or Ej.ccL shall exceed Seven Bulbils, and not

Mm a exceed

26

<ri the Ihyrtuc-

ri.»n of ihc

C rMtk'.lV- fr'jrn the fui Her $k; p.

PrnVtV on S': ip

M "cr

tM'vciin. Certi-he \'t'i i -.out og the

C »al>.

p: n «<fy on giving Giu« to S.: ip Mctcis.

Sums specified in the Sci erlu.O (h.iil nw»r V»e deemed Guts.

For Rrrr.c^furo

merit of CoiU on be h \lf of ti»C Pnrch.iltror Vender by the V*t.

263

> Meters

be luf-r'cd from r OiF.ee* if i .dtrtl of any »!>y for vcting fulfe

Wi en the Conls are reme.<Cured f>y the Den re of the Vender .md ihe Merer Jiiall be fniinti run to live meuiled a Penalty, me C*nu of the Lighter fli-ill have; Compen-fition from the Vender fium the Detention of his JLi^hier.

C.lxviii. 4.7° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. A.D. 1807

exceed Ten Eu0: el« in any Five Chaldrons and One Vat so remeasured, then and in such Case such Meter Iba^ for every such Five Chaldron a: ul One Vat so deficient or exceeding, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds, ' and also such Expences of fixing the said Vat, and such other Expences attending such Re admeasurement; and in case such Deficiency or Excels shall amount to more than Ten Bnflielsin any Five Chaldrons and One Vat so re me a sured, then and in such Case such Meter shall, for every such Bullied in such' Five Chaldrons and One Vat so ef ficient or exceeding, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings, and also such Expences attending the Ke-adineaf 11 rement; such Expences to be settled and determined by the Just ice or Justices before whom the said respective Penalties may be recovered, and to be levied by Ddlref* and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Juliice or Justices, rendering the Overplus (if any) after deducting all Inch Expences attending such Re-admeasurement, and the Coils and Charges of such Dill refs and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of inch Goods and Chattels: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be conit rued to extend to iuhjc& or make liable any such Meter to any of the said Penalties for l aving given less Mcafnre than the Quantity me ntioned in the said Certificate, unless and except only where the Coals which shall be so found deficient upon Remeasurement shall have been so remeasured by the Desire of tlx Pnrchafero* Purchasers of such Coals, or his or their Agent or Agents; nor to subject or make liable any such Meier to any of the said Penalties for having given greater Measure than the Quantity expressed in such Certificate, unless and except only where the Coals which shall be so found upon Remeasurement to exceed the Quantity mem io'm-d in such Certificate shall have been so remeasured by the Desire of the Vender or Verniers of such Coals, or hi., or their Agent or Agents.

LXX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when upon any such Re-admeasurement taking place, any such Meter shall, for the fir 11 Time, incur and become' subject to pay any such Penalty for any such Offence, in having adr.cafurcd from any such Ship or Vessel into any Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, either a greater or less Quantity of Coals than the Quantity mentioned in the said Certificate, then and in such Case such Meter so for the first Time offending and incurring such Penalty, fir, ill not be permitted to act or serve again in the Capacity or Office of Meter, uidcfs or until he shall have duly paid such Penalty so incurred by him for such his fid Offence, upon Payment whereof he dial' he permitted to continue in, or shall be reilorcd to, his Situation in the Sea Coal Meter*- Office; and in case any such Meter shall a second Time intur and become subject to pay any such Peuahy for any such Offence, in having admeasured from any Ship or Vessel into any Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, a greater or less Quantity of Coals than the Quantity expressed in the said Certificate, then and in fudi Case every such Meter lo for the second Time offending, and incurring such Penalty, shall be suspemlrd and incapable of acting or serving ns a Meter for any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month, at the Pleasure of the Principal Meters; but nevertheless at the End of the Period for which he shall be so suspendttd* such Meter shall be reftoied to his Situation in the Sea Coal Meter's Office, and be permitted again to act therein, provided he shall have duly paid such Penalty so incurred by him for such his second Offence; and in caie any such Meter shall for the thud Time incur and become fuK]edl to pay any fuc!) Penalty for any such Offence, in having admeasurcA from any such Ship or Vessel into any Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, a greater or less Quantity of Coals than the Quantity mentioned in the said Certificate, then and in such Case such Meter so for the Third Time offending and incurring such Penalty, shall be absolutely incapacitated or otherwise suspended for any Length of Time front ailing in such Office or Capacity of Meter, at the Pleasure of the Principal Meters.

LXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when any such Coals shall be so remeasured by the Delire of the Vender or Venders of such Coals, or his or their Agent or Agents, and upon such Remeasurenrent taking place, the Meter who shall have nieafurcd such Coals shall be found not to have incurred any Penalty in respect of the Measurof such Coals, then and in every such Case such Vender or Venders, or his or their Agent or Agents, who shall have defined inch Remeasurement on the Behalf of such Vender or Venders, filial*, and be and they is and are hereby required to pay, or cause to be paid, to the Owner or Owners of the Lighter, Ida ge, or other Craft, in which such Coals shall have been io remealured, such Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding Two Shillings and Sixpence per Hour, as and by way of a Compensation for the Time daring which such Lighter, Barge, or Craft, shall have been detained in consequence of inch Remeasurement, as any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the City of L ndotiy or Counties of AJstl Irfe.x, Essex, Kent, or Surrey, according to the Jurisdiction, shall award on the Application of such Owner or Owners of such Lighter, ]5?rge, or other Craft, over and above all Coils and Expences of any finch Ap, lication; and every Inch Application to any such Juliice or Justices shall be made by such Owner or Owners of such Lighter, Large, or other Craft, witi.in Three Days next after the Day on which such Remeasurement shall take place, and if the Sum or Sums of Money which shall, upon any such Application, be awarded by such Justice or Justices to he paid by any such

of the Goods and Chattels of such Vender or Venders, or of his or their said Agent or Agents, by Warrant or V arrants under the Hand and Seal of such Juliice or Justices, and the Overplus of the Money (if any) raised by any such Diilreis and Sale, after dt dueling the Money lo awarded and ordered to be paid, and the Coils and Charges ot making any such Ditireis and Sale, fluid he rendered to the Owner or Owners of the Goods and Chattels so diilrmned; and for want of Diflrefc, and in case the Money so awarded and ordered to be paid to any such Owner or Ownets of any fmh Lighter, Barge, or other Craft/ shall not be imnudiatcly paid, it shallnad n/.y be lawful to and for such Just ice or Justices to con in it such Vender or Venders, or his or their find Agent #u Agents, to the Common Gaol or House of Cone t on for the Citj or Place for which such Juliice or JuliiciS fiull act, there to remain without Bail or Maiupnze fir: \ y Turn not exceeding Three Calendar Months, uulcis

7 such

C. Ixriii.

269

such Sum or Sums, and all reasonable Costs attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid, and every such Award, Order, and Proceeding of any such Justice or Justices shall be final, binding, and conclusive, and no such Proceeding shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form only, or be removed by Certiorari, or other Wiit or Process whatsoever into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere.

Act 42 G. 3. c. 89. — Principal Land Meiers already appointed for Westminster (under the Acts continued

by 42 G. 3. c. Ixx Sx.) shall continue in their Office, unless duly removed, &c. §72.

LX XIII.*And Whereas by an Act madcin the Seventh Ye*ir of the Reign of His p refen Majesty, intituled,

1 /n Ad to prevent Frauds and Alufes in the Admeafaremcnl of Coals sold by Wharf Meafttre, within the City of

London, and the Liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock and Limehouse Hole in the C utity of Middle! ex;

which Act was continued with divers Alterations and Amendments by the said recited Act, made in the 1 Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, certain Persons have been from Time to Time nominated and appointed as the Principal Meters or Managers of the Office called

by the Name of the " The Land Coal Meter's Office for the City of London, and between the Tower of fondon "and Limehouse Holey in the County of Middlesex /' be it therefore enacted, That William Anderfn of Graceehwch Street, Lo' don, John Hawkins of Hackney, in the County of Middlesex, and John Rat ray of Jflam ton, in the same County, shall be and remain and continue, and they'are hereby appointed the Principal Meters or Managers of the Laud Coal Meter's Office for the City of London, and between the Tower of London and Limehouse Holey in the County of Middlefx, for the Purpose of admeasuring Coals sold by Wharf Measure wichin the City of ion don y and the Liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock and 1/tmchouse Holey in the County of Middlesex, and also for other Purposes in this Act mentioned, for anu during their joint Lives, (have ami except he or they shall happen to be dismissed from fu h Office or Offices), and upon the Death or Difmilfal of any One of them, the said William Anderson, John Hawkins, and John Ratray the Number of Principal Meters or Managers of the said Land Coal Meter's Office for the City of London, and between Tower Dock and Limehouse Hole, in the County Middlesex, shall be reduced to Two; and that in all future Times, from and after such Death or Dismissitl of any One of them, the said William Anderson, John Hawkins, and John Rat cry, the Number of Principal Meters or Managers for the said City of London and the Liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock and Lim house Hole, shall be and continue to be not more nor less than Two; and up«.n and from and after such Death or Dismissal of any Oe.e of them, the said William Anderson, John Haw it: s and John Tat ray, the Two others, or Survivors of them, the said William Anderson, Jo n Hawkins, and John Re tray, shall rjpethvely remain and continue the Two Principal Meters or M nagers for the said City of London and between the Tower of London and Limehouse Hole, in the County of Mi idlesex, until tie or they shall die, or liapp n to be dismissed from such Office; and when or in case either of such Two others, or Survivors oi themr, the said William Anderson, John Hawkins, and John Ratray, shall die, or happen to be dismissed from such Office, and io from Time to Time and at all Times theicaster, when and as often as any Principal Meter for the hid City of Loral.n, and between the Tower of London and limehouse Hole, in the fni County of Mi dbfex, shall die, or he dismissed or suspended from such Office, or shall become inenpab'e of acting in the Execution of such Office, or the Time for which any such Principal Meter or Manager shall be nominated and appointed to such Office shall expire, then and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen, ami Commons, in Common Council assembled, to nominate ayd appoint any other Per fun a Principal Land Coal Meter or Manager, in the Room or Stead of every such Principal Land Coal Meter who shall die, be so dismissed or suspended. or be incapable of acting in the Execution of his Office, or whole Time, limited for the Execution of such his Office shall e pire.

" Principal Meters already nominated for Surrey (under 46 G. 3. c. xxxii.) shall continue in Office, unless " duly removed, &c. §74.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That when and as or in case any Principal Land Coal Meter or Principal Land Coal Meters for the City and Liberties of Westminster, and for that Part of the Duchy of LancwLr adjoining thereto, and for the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary de- Bone, and for inch Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew Ho born ns lies in the County of AliJdhfex, shall die, or shall he incapable of acting in the Execution of his or their Office or Offices, or shall be removed therefrom as aforesaid, or the Time limited for the Execution of such O.lice or Offices shall expire, it shall and may be lawful to and far His MijHty, His Heirs and Micceffiors, to nominate or appoint any other Person a3 a Principal Land Coal Meter, in the Room or Stead of every such Principal Land Coal Meter who shall die, be so dismissed, re.mwed, or he incapable of acting in the Execution of hze Office, or whose Time limited for the Execution of his Office shall <*xi ire, and so, toties ruolies, as often as any Inch Case shall happen.

LXXVf. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, or City and Liberty of Westminster, in General or Quarter Sessions assembled, tnd they are hereby authorized and icquired to enquire into, and hear and determine a .y Complaint of Fraud or M.'b iiaviour of the Principal Land Coal Meter or Principal Land Coal Meters for the Time being, for the ( : ty at: d Liberty of ll'rflmiiiper, and that Tart of the Duchy of Lancaster ad oining thereto, and for the said f - Vera I Parihes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary Jr-Bone, and for Inch Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew Jfolborn as lies in the County of Mid Jiffs, or any or either of such Principal Land Coal Meters, in the fame Ma in-.-r as they are by Law authoi zed to enq lire into, hear, and determine Mild, meanors; and if i>t'Y huh.lincipal Land Coil Meter shah be found guilty of any Fraud, Neglect, or M (behaviour, he shall M-fc.t and pay forth - Use of His Majesty, His Il.irs and Successors, fu Hi Fine as such Court before whom fuc i C>m innt shall be made shall think fit, not exceeding Twenty Pou..ds, together with such Coils as the Court shall think proper to award and direct.

Act 7 G

- 2'(cou.inued h r G. 3. c. IVI.J

Principal Mi tin already ppo<.'\td f.ii bond n (h ill nH"'uc iii their Office.

ttyon rhr Dcathr

of 1 iil.er ur 1 he 1 I'M c pi 1 nopal Mcttrj London, the Number shall be 1 educed to Two.

C urt "f

C mm nj ."onih"I fh «I1 in heuf-j appoint 1 I'm f'rinc. p*L Mo; : !$ U London.

Hi- M jrfly may. ip 1 : C»mcipal

I. " d Coal Me cn ? »r W umtnitcr

Upon any

V.tc.incy.

fVinripal Lanr| C y.ii Mcitrs for Voit moiMcr punishable by Joil cc* lor \c0Lct.

2 70

J. Inuring Coal

M 'Pi s 1 r Wcfi nvnlirr d to i e Control of J ultiCCS.

Lmrl Coil M cs for Ci'y or I, inlo.j

f.l.j1 Jo the L " (1 Mayor and Alue men.

Cn.nv'ti Cun it .lull

au 'oini the

Labour ing Cmd M-'ers for London, nut Jr Is than Poiry-J»Vv in X umber.

P'incipd Meters

f ir London my furp^ml Libonr. in^ M t-n, r< putting the?

I iuii- to me

I, tr<i Mayor or C ur t of .A derraen.

P; incip'.l and L-bi mini? M-tets for Surrey fu f.jefl to the C n'rol of the Quarter Sclfuns.

Afrrr the Death of the Survivor of the pjel'oit Piiucipd Motors, for Su .evT e Ci'W'C'W d «. of redd-

IV.iSc* d If

Ji, t - the E c: t on an.i < {V " fr, r 1 o* t Piiuipal Mvtets.

C. lxviii.

470 GEORGII III.

scir.2.

A.D. 1807.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That each aed every Labouring Coal Meter, Deputy, Agent, or Servant of the several and respective Principal Laid Coal Meters for the City and Liberty of West mi after. and for that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, a act for the several Paddies of ait Giles in li e Fu ith, Saint Mary Jr lone, and for such Part of the Puriffi of Saint Andrew Hdborn as lies t.i the County , >i Md.usex, shall be, and he they is and are hereby declared to he subject to the Pow.-r, Juri'.diction, ar.J Coat.o d of the said Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middle] 'c, or for the City and Liberty of IScJlndfse, in General or Quarter St fhons assembled, and jin1! and may he Pi bn iffd and suspended by the said Court from the Execution and Em; >ln nents of his or their Office o»* Offices, upon Complai.it and Proof of any Fraud, Default, or Neglect, or other Ivili behaviour in the Management or Execution thereof, all which Complaints rrv.w be heard arid determined in a lumnuwy Way.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That each a-.d every Manager or Principal Land Coal Meter for the

City of Loud , i and Libertu s thereof, and between the Tower of Lo

Limclyufe Hole, in the County of

Middlesex. and each and every Labouring Land Coal Meter within inch Dilfriit, shall, and he and they is and are declared to be subject to the Power, Jtirildi«ftio: i, and Contrcul of the Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the said City of London, and shall and may be dif.-niffed and suspended by the Lid Court from the Execution and Salaries or Wages of their said respective Offices upon Complaint and Proof of any Fraud. Neglect, Default, or other Misbehaviour in the Management or Execution thereof; all w mch Complaints shall and may be heard and determined by the said Court in a summary Way.

LXXIX. And be it further ena£Ld, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the said City of London in Common Council afleir.bled, to nominate and appoint any Number of Persons, not less than Forty-five, to be the Labouring Laud Coal Meters from the said City of London and the Liberties thereof, and between Tonucr Dock and IAmchufe Hole, in the County of h iddie[ex; and that when and as any such Labouring Land Coal Meter for such District or Limits shall die, or shall be incapable of serving in such Office, or shall be dismissed or fnfpemJcd therefrom, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the said City of London in Common Council assembled, to nominate and appoint any other Person as a Labcuring Land Coal Meter in the Room and Stead ot every such Labouring Land Coal Meter who shall die, be so dismissed or suspended, or be inca able of adding in the Execution of his Office, and so toiies quo ties, as often as any such Case shall happen.

LXXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Principal Land Coal VIeters or Meter for the City of London and Liberties thereof, and between the Tower of London and Limehouse Hole, in the County of MuhVrfex, to suspend from their Office any Labouring Land Coal Meter or Meters, serving in such Diflridd, who shall appear to such Principal Meter to have conduced himself or themselves corruptly or improperly in the Execution of his or their Office; but nevertheless such Principal Land Coal Meter or Meters shall, and he and they is and are hereby required, within Seven Days after any such Suspension taking place, to report the Cause of such Suspension to the Lord Mayor of the City of London, or to tl.e Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Lord Mayor, or the said Court, upon such Complaint being brought and heard before the said Lord Mayor, or the said Court, either to order any such Labouring M^ter so suspended to be discharged, or to order him to be rein Hated in his Office and rellored to the Salary or Wages thereof.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Joseph Burnett and Francis Bigg, and each and every Principal Land Coal Meter for the Time being, for the several Parishes lying between the Parishes of Egham and Saint Mary Rotherhithe, both inclulL e, in the said County of Surrey, and each and every his and their Deputies, Labouring Meters, or Servants, acting under them in the Admeasurement of Coals, or in the Execution of any other Duties required by this Act, shall be, and theyand each and every of them is and are hereby declared to be Utbject to the Power, Jurisffi&ion, and Control of any General Courts of Quarter Sessions to be holden within the said County of Surrey, and shall and may be difinined and suspended by the said Courts from the Execution amlEmoluments of their said respective Offices on Complaint and Proof of any Fraud, Default, NegkA, or other Misbehaviour in the Management or Execution thereof; all which Complaints shall and may be heaid and dete'mined »y the said Courts in a iummary Way.

I.XXXII. And be it further enacted, That in case of the Death of either of them the said Joseph Burnett and Francis bigg before the Expiration of the said Term or Time for which they haveb.en and are nominated and appointed aforesaid, the i<ud Office shall be managed hv the Survivor of them unless preview fly dilmified* or fuf; ended in Manner aforesaid) during the Remainder of the said Term; and that then, upon and from and after th*_ Expirat: >n of such Term, o* in case hoth the said Joseph Burnett and Francis Bigg lha die, ir be d lmifird or fufp* ded, be!ore the Expiration of the said 'Perm, then, upon and from and after such Death, D I'i.'faj, or Suljv- iuon of both of them, the said Joseph Burnett and Fran is ± ig?, and also from Time to Time and at all 'Pm C6 thereTwr. whrr. 7 d; u >sten as ary Principal Land Co; d Meter for the said several Pa1 allies, ly._ bet ween the F'an'hes ol tLgju/n ?i»d Sa>nt Mary R< thtrh\ibe, both iacluiive, in the hud C'uuty of Surry, fir.11 die, or In.ill be i a* up: .b e of aiiing ii the Execution of his Office, or shall be difuiflffi or le'pt u 'd ti.cre^om a ato -pfinM. or the Timt lirr.i: cd for the Execution of such Office shall expire, then upon tb" hwr?'c n/of any inch V-icaucy, it shall and n ay be lawful to and for such Churchwai iens as hcirin-<: ftrr ...entiv i'b or the r..ij >r P, .rt ot La> : \ in Manner hereia-afier directed, to elec\, nominate, and appoint any .id>rr*r un 5. be ar-.. -r- lS principal ] a. d C 'al Meter in the Room or Stead <d every such Principal La .u C '*. i\ 'ur !h> shall a.e. be so dun.bEd, h\q: erJn(L or he .ncapable ot ashing in the E.v.ci-tioa ot h.j Office, or \\ bale Tirr ini'! d ior thv. F.-.-uti. of }ns b)ffice 0: all e pire, and so tot us quo ties, a ou.n as any such Case ilud happen; a..d every such 1'eilon io to be nominated and appointed Principal Meter for such

5 Limit*

A.D. 1807. 47° GEORGII III. Sell*. 2. C.lxviii. 27r

Limits in the said County of Surry, in the Room or St«\d of nnv such other Principal Meter, shall be (hffed, nominated, and appointed by such Persons, and in Manner and Form following that is to lav, th? Chinch-wardens of the said ieveml and respective Panir.es Ivina between the Parishes of Eghan and air! /Vary Ro: hn hithe,

Iv.th inclniive, in the f., id County of Surry, (Irril, by Nh>tic" in Writing, specifying the Occallun, and signed by One of the Deputies in the Land C al Meter's Oliter for ft.eh several Panihcs within the said C unity of ur y, m.d left at the Dwelling House or ufnal Place of Abode of eneli such Churchwarden, as Vooti as the iame can he do te after any such Vacancy shall happen, be firvunoi.cd u> me. t anil afiVmble, at the said Land Cov.l Mc.cr's (Jlike,

at Twelve of the Cl< ck at Noon, on a Day to be mentioned m tire said Notice, not exceeding Seven Days from the Pate thereof, at which Meeting fume lYrfon flv.di be chuftu and appointed to Incceed to the Office of Principal Land Coal Miter for the Limits aforesaid, and such Person as shall at the Hour of Two of the Clock of that ay bt elided by the Majority of Persons, being Churchwardens of the said Parishes, as shall be then and theie assembled, Hull be and is hereby declared to be Principal Laud Coal Meter for putting this Act in Execution within such several Parishes in the bud County of Surry; and every such Perf.ui so to be elected, nominated, or appointed as afnelaid, shall he, remain, and continue Principal Meter for the said several Pari|1k*s> within the Lid County of Surry, for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years next cn filing from and after the Time of ft: c!i his Lledion, Nomination, and Appointment, unless he shall be sooner th fun lied or fcfper.ded, or be incapable of acting in the Execution of his Office.

LXXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whenever the Term or Time for which any Principal Prircipn! M-rr« Land Coal Meter for any of such several and respective Dilfriiffs shall have been appointed ffidi expire, then and nuybe r<*-elc£ted iniuch Case nothing herein contained shall e tend, or be confined to extend, so as to hinder or prevent any such H, t" : , Mr Principal Land Coal Meter, whose Term or Time limited lor the Execution of his Office shall so expire, from Term* expire, being re-nominated, re-appointed, or rc-eleeted to his Office of Principal Meter.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Principal Land Coal Meter, or Principal Land Coal PiincipalM'fei's Meters, shall refuse or neglect to open, and keep open, or cause to be opened and kept open, his or their O ffue-n.vkcpt re luc drive Office or Offices every Day, (Sundays, Good Fridays, Chriflma: Day, and Fall Days by Proclamation °ijcn da, iy* only excepted) in every Year from the Twenty fifth Day of March to the Twenty-ninth Day ot S* Rentier, from the Hour of Five in the Morning until the Hour of Niue in the Evening, or from the Twenty-ninth .Day of ScfUmber to the Twenty-tilth Day of /March in every Year, from the Hour of Si. in the Morning to the Hour of Six in the Evening, every such Principal Land Coal Meter shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any .Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

I.XXXV. And be it further emitted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Principal Land Coal OuhcPrincipal Meter in the Execution of this Act, until be shall have taken and subscribed b'riore Two or more of His ]. C-al Majesty's .lullices of the Peace for the said County of Middle] x, or City and Liberty of Westminster, or Hr the Mcian City of London, or for the said County of Surry (as the Case may be) within their respective .111 riidiotic ns, in Chih (which Oath such respective Justices are hereby authorized and required to admiuiUcr) in the following Woids:

I A.B. do swear, That I will honestly, truly, faithfully, and impartially, according to the bed of my Skill

and Judgement, execute the Office of Principal Land Coal Meter, for the City and Liberty of WestminJu-r,

and for that Part of the Duchy of Lane ifler adjoining thereto, and for the several Parishes of Saint (dies in the

Fields, Saint Mary Ac-Bone, and for inch Part of the Puriih of Saint Andrew HHorn as lies in the County of 1 Mnit/bjex, \cr, for the City of London, and for all the Wharfs situate between the lower f London vm\ t L'mehouse Hole, in the County of V/iddhfex, or, for the several Wharfs situate within the several Piritn '$ lying between the Puriihes of F^hatn and Sai.it diary Rotherhithe, both inclniive, in the County of Surry, (as the

Case may be.) ' So help me GOi

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Principal Land Coal Meters for the Time being, f>r the PrW-p^M^ert Citya.i l Liberty of IVefrniejlce, and for that Part of the Duchy of Laucusler adjoining thereto, and for the for Wcirii.mirrr Haul Pariil.cs of Selir.t Giles in the Fields, oint ffiv/ y Ic-Bone, and for such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew fI iidhrn as lies in the County of AJidddfex, and the said "rincipnl I/and Coal Meters for the Time being for the in, r Meta s for^fail k-vcral P.-.riihes lying between the Pari*lies of L^h.im and Rotherhithe, both inclniive. in the County of b.t , t|Cctive burr, shall, and the said several and respective Principal Coal Meters are hereby respectively directed and Duhitts. required, from Time to Time and at all Times, to nominate, appoint, and employ, within their laid respective DwAcis, a sufficient Number of Labouring Lund Coal M'ters for the Purpose ot ad hum luring C\, .ds, and for executing Inch other Duties within tli ir laid re ip e chive Liitricts as are by this Act required to be dune by Land Oral V( irrs.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of adding as a Labouring Land Coal Oah cf I.i»*'*»--Ivt-riu t.ic Execution of th s Ah until he shall have taken and lubloribcJ before any rile or more of.ris Maj- lly's ».ig Cuai c. ter*. Juiuajof the l\ace for the said County of r.lidJ.csex* or for the City and Liberty of Udjhmnjhr, or so; the City of London, or f r the said County of Surry, as the Cate may be, within their reOu ct.v.* Jm ifdicdio .an C«tii (which Oath such respective Justices are hereby authorized and required to adurimlter; »n the Words Mowing:

4 T A.D. do swear. That I will honeilly, truly, faithfully, and imr»art*allvs to the lr*ft of my Skill and 1 Judgement, execute the Office of One of the Labouring L: mu Coni Meters fur th C: sv and LII erty of

Udjt defer and for that Part of the Duciiy of L nrajirr adioinirg the.eto, and for the fivcral barril.es of

l<3 in: (dies in l: , e Fields, Saint s I ary le-bone, and for tuen Part oi Sa: nt Andrew IL.Horn as lies in the C unity f of iVitld'jex, [or, for the Chy of London, and for all the Wharls situate between the l> tvtr f' Lcrnl'm and

LimeboujL Uule, in the County of Middle fee: , or, for the ieveui wharfs htuate ffi the several ParisheH) ing

between

C.lxviii.

470 GEORGII III. Self. 2. A.D. 1807

'Labouring Cost M eicr« to attend at tl-eir Stations n Notice.

Penalty for Non-attendance.

Principal Mc: ers f >r Wedmmfter shall pay not )ef> th 1 n 20s.

)>rr Week Wjgcs to each 01 itieir J. a hou ring Meters.

Piircipat Meters for Surry Pi all I ay Ike Wa^os to ti.eir Labouring Mcturs, feivin^ between Nine E'ms and Dock Head.

Coal Meiers shall »>u* |>c in'<* < (rid in the &*'£ of Coa]>.

between the Parishe3 of Egham and Saint Mary Rather hitbe, both inclusive, in the County of Surry (as the

Cap may be)]; and that X will truly and impartially inspecfc and measure, or iec measuredor loaded, all such

Coals between Buyer and Seller, and execute such other Duties as are by Law required to be done by 1

Labouring Land Coal Meter, without Favour or Hatred. So help me GOD, '

And the said JuRice or Jtiiliccs respectively, who shall administer such Oaths, is and are hereby required to certify the same to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said City of London, or for the County of MMdleJex, or for the City and Liberty of Westminster, or for the said City of London, or for the said County of Surry (as the Case may be) after the taking of such Oaths or Affirmation respectively, "there to remain on Record.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in order to prevent Confederacy, the Stations for the federal and respective Labouring Land Coal Meters shall, once at leatt in every Month, be changed by such several and respective Principal Land Coal Meters, and the said several Labouring Land Coal Meters shall, and they and he is and are hereby required to attend at the several Wharfs, Warehouses and other Places, within their respective Distritls, at which he or they shall he Rationed by the said respective Principal Land Coal Meters, each and every Day (Sundays, Good Friday, Christmas Day, and Fad Days by Proclamation only excepted) in each and every Year, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March to the Twenty-ninth Day of September from the Hour'cf Five in the Morning until Nine in the Evening, and from the Twenty-ninth Day of September to the Twenty-fifth Day of March from the Hour of Six in the Morning until Six in the Evening; and if upon Notice being given to any such Labouring Coal Meter or Meters so Rationed, or Notice being left in Writing at his or their Office or Offices, or Place or Places of Abode to attend at any Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place, to be named in such Notice, within the Limits of his or their Station or Stations in order to measure or fee measured any Coals, or to execute any other Duty required by this Act to be done by a Land Coal Meter, at any such Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place 5 or if Notice requiring the Attendance of a Labouring Coal Meter or Meters at a Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place, to be named in such Notice, for the Purpose of measuring or to lee measured any Coals, or to execute any other Duty required of Labouring Meters by this Act, shall be given* at the Office of one of the said respective Principal Land Coal Meters neared to such Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place, and such Labouring Coal Meter or Meters shall not attend pursuant to such Notice within the Space of Two Hours from giving the fame, and do his Duty according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, then and in every such Case such Labouring Coal Meter and the Principal Land Coal Meter at whose Office such Notice was given as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds,

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Principal Land Coal Meter or Meters for the Time being for the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary-lc-bent, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrteo Holborn as lies in the County of Middlesex, shall and such Principal Land Coal Meters or Meter for the Time being for such Didridb are and is hereby directed and required to pay or cause to be paid not less than Twenty Shillings per Week to each and every of the Labouring Land Coal Meters who shall, at 'any Time hereafter, serve in the Employ and within the Diffrich of such Principal Land Coal Meters or Meter as and for the Weekly Wages of each and every of such Labouring Coal Meters, for and during the Time that each and every of such Labouring Meters shall hereafter so serve in the Employ and within the District of the said Principal Land Meters; and if any such Principal Meter or Meters shall refuse to pay or cause to be paid to any such Labouring Meter, demanding the fame, the Sum of Twenty Shillings at lead, at the End of each and every Week of the Time during which such Labouring Meter shall serve in iris or their Employ within such District, as and for the Weekly Wages of such Labouring Meter, then and in every such Case every such Principal Land Coal Meter so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

XC. And be it further enacted, That the Principal Land Meters or Meter for the Time being for the said several Parishes lying between the Parishes of Egham and Roiherhithe, both inclusive, in the County of Surry shall, and such Principal Meters or Meter for the Time being for such Diflri£t arc and is hereby directed and required to pay or cause to be paid not less than Twenty Shillings per Week to each and every of the Labouring Coal Meters, who shall at any Time hereafter serve under such Principal Meters or Meter at any Station, or Place or Places, within any of such Parts of the Limits or District of such Principal Meters or Meter as he between Nine Elms and Dock Head, both inclusive, as and for the Weekly Wages of each and every of such respective Labouring Coal Meters, for and during the Time that each and every of such Labouring Coal Meters shall hereafter so serve in the Employ of such Principal Meters or Meter, on any Station, or Place or Places, within any such Parts of the Limits or Diilrift of such Principal Meters or Meter, as lie between Nine Elms and Dock Head aforesaid, both inclusive; and if any such Principal Meters or Meter for such Dili rid shall refuse to pay or cause to be paid to any such Labouring Meter demanding the fame, the Sum of Twenty Shillings at lea (I, at the End of each and every Week of the Time during which such Labouring Meter shall serve in his or their Employ within any such Parts of such Eiffri& as lie between Nine Elms and Deck IltrJ aforesaid, both inclusive, as and for the Weekly Wages of such Labouring Meter, then and in every such Cate fvory such Principal Meter so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceedin' Twenty Pounds: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be taken to extend so a» in any Manner to fix or limit the Wages to he paid by such Principal Meters or Meter to any Labouring Meter in rh.ir Employ, who shall serve or be Rationed within such Parts of their Difiridfc, as are litoatc either below Dock Head or above Nine Elms aforesaid, in the said County of furry.

XCI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the said Principal Land Coal Meters, or any of them, or any of the Persons to be employed under them respectively, shall at any Time or Times hereafter,

dun.; , :

A.D. 1807.

470 GEORGII SelT.2.

CAxviii.

during h: s or their reTpediv* Continuance in their Office or Employment aforesaid, be directly or indirectly in tr relied or concerned in the Sale of any Coals whatsoever, otherwise than in the Difchsrgc of their said respective Offices, such Principal Land Coal Meters so offending shall for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and such Deputy Coal Meter and Labouring Coal Meter respectively shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and being thereof respectively convicted before the said Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen, or before either of the said Courts of Quarter Sessions for the said County of Middlesex or Surry (according to the Jurisdiction as aforesaid) shall be diiiniiled from his or their said respective Office or Employment, and be for ever disabled from holding or executing the fame, or any other under this Act.

XCfl. And be it further enacted, That all Coals whatsoever fold and to be sent in any Cart, Waggon, or other Find Coat Land Carriage-; from any Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place or Places within the Limits or Diflricts of any of Mptcr the said respective Land Coal Meters, and also all Coals whatsoever fold, and to be sent by Gang Labour from

: 73

fifuinul ft

Orix

nP

or over any Wharf or other Place where any Land Meter shall be (lationed, situate writ hi a any of such respective*

Limits or Difiricts, shall, previously to such Coals being so sent away, be carefully iulpeded and examined by Canficaic/*'

One of the Principal or Labouring Land Coal Meters within their respective Limits or Didrids, in order that such Principal or Labouring Land Coal Meter may fee and be fati&fied that such Coals (in case of such Coals being

sent away in any Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage) are of the Sort or Description mentioned in the Ticket or Tickets by this Act directed to be delivered by or on the Behalf of all and every Vender and Venders of such n

Coals to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, or may lee and be satisfied that such Coals fin case of such Coals

being to be delivered by Gang Labour) are of the Sort or Description as and for which the fame shall be sold,

nd such Meter is hereby authorized and required to demand of the Wharfinger or other Person, with whom the f hip Certificate of any Inch Coals shall be left, at any Wharf or Place for the Sale of any such Coals, such Ship Certificate, for the Purpose of pending and inspeding the fame; and such Meter shall, and he is hereby required to countersign such Ticket or Tickets, if such Meter shall be fatiriied that such Coals are of the Sort they are described to be in such Ticket or Tickets, but shall not countersign the fame without being so satisfied, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and such Meter shall, and he is hereby also authorized and required when the whole Quantity of Coals contained in any Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, shall have been delivered thereout, to write, or indorse on the Back of the Certificate of such Coals the Word, " Delivered and if any Inch Wharfinger or other Person shall reftife or neglect to produce and deliver to any such Meter such Ship Certificate on Demand, then and in every such Case every such Wharfinger or other Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and if any such Meter shall countersign any such Ticket or Tickets, without having fir it inspected such Coals, and also such Ship Certificate, and without having reasonable Ground to be satisfied that, such Coals are of the Sort described in such Vender's Ticket, or if any such Meter shall not, immediately after the Whole of the Coals contained in any such Lighter,

Barge, or other Craft shall have been delivered thereout, demand or call for such Certificate of such Coals, or shall not immediately on such Certificate being produced, indorse the fame in Manner aforesaid, then and in every such Case every such Meter so offending dull, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XC111. And be it further enacted, That all Coals sold as and for Pool Measure, and to be font in any Cart, Regulation for W: ggon or Carriage, from any Wharf or Place within any of the respective Limits of any of the said respective S..le .1 id Offices, shall be loaded in Sacks, in the Presence of one of the Labouring Land Coal Meters of the District, which Labouring Meter is hereby authorized and required to watch and insped the filling or loading of the ^jCJfulc.W Sacks wherein such Coals shall be loaded, and it shall and may be lawful to and for such Meter to measure the Dimensions of all or any of such Sacks, used in any such loading, before such Sacks shall be filled or loaded; and such Meter shall and he is hereby authorized'and required, when any Room or Rooms of Coal*, in any Lighter,

Barge, or Craft, are or is to be sold and font from any such Wharf or other Place, as and for Pool Measure by any Land Carriage, to see that the Coals so loaded and sent are in fad taken out of the particular Room or Rooms so fold, and likewise that the Whole of the Coals contained in any such particular Room or Rooms so fold, are in fad entirely emptied out of such Room or Rooms, and loaded and lent away to the Purchaser or Purchasers of the Coals contained in such Room or Rooms; and in cate such Meter shall find any Sack or Sacks used for the loading of any such Coals is or are of less Dimensions than required by this Act, or in case it thrill appear to such Meter, according to the bell of such Meter's Judgement, that any Sack or Sacks used in loading any such Coals do or doth not contain, when loaded, each the Quantity of Three Buflicls of Coals, or in case such Meter shall observe that auv such Coals sold as the Coals of any particular Room or Rooms shall not in fact be taken out of such particular Room or Rooms lo fold or to be iuld, or that the Whole of the Coals contained in such particular Room or Rooms shall not be entirely emptied out of the fame, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawfvd to and for such Meter to retirie to counterlign the Ticket or Tickets by this Act directed to be delivered hv or on the Behalf of all and every Vender and Venders of Rich Coals to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof; and if any Wharfinger, Coal Porter, or other Person or Persons shall in any Manner obfhudt, hinder, or prevent such Veter in or from the Performance of any such Duty' or Duties so required of such Meter by thi*

Ad, then and in every such Case every such Person so offer?ding shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XCIV. And be it furtlicr enacted, That all and every Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in any Poo* M i^re Coals fold and sent as and for Pool Measure from any Ship, Vessel, Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, ov from any C j, ls v'hc11 , cnt Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place within the ref pc dive Limits or Ditlrids of the said Principal Land Coal bi a Mvters respectively, and to be delivered to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, in any Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, shall, and lie, flic, and they is and are hereby required to deliver or cause to be delivered a Ticket to the 47 Gso III. N Purchaser

74 C'.lxviii.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2.

A.D. 1807.

Form of the Vender's Ticker (0 be sent therewith.

Purchaser or Purchaseri of such Coals, or his, her, or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of the Coals contained in such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, shall be (hot or delivered therefrom; and every such Ticket or Paper shall be in the Words and Form following 5 (that is to say), c Mr. A.B. [here insert the Name of the Purchaser.]

4 ^pAKE Notice that you are to receive herewith [Here insert the Number] Sacks of

4 A [Here insert the Name of the] Coals [Here insert the Number] Sacks of [Here insert the Name of the] Coals 4 [ Here insert the Number] Sacks of [ Here insert the Name of the j Coals For inspecting the Loading and Quality

of which Coals you are, on the Receipt of this Ticket, in conformity to an Act of Parliament made in the

Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Third, to pay the undersigned E. F. [Here insert the f Name of the Vender] the Sum of [Here insert the Amount of the Compensation diretied by this Act to be given to such Principal Meter or Meters for the Inspection of such Coals, calculating the same as by this Act directed] being at and after the Rate of One Shilling for every Five Chaldrons and One Vat sold to and to be received by you herewith; and by the same Act this Ticket is directed to be delivered to you before any of the Coals are shot ( out of the Cart or Waggon; and that a Bushel Measure is in such Cart or Waggon, by which the Carman is

directed to measure, gratis, under the Penalty of Ten Pounds, the Coals contained in any One Sack which the Purchaser or his Servant or Servants may require, which Sack is to contain Three Bushels heaped up in the Form «.f a Cone, the Height of such Cone to be at lead Six Inches, and the Outside of the Measure to be the Extremity of the Base of such Cone; and that in case of your being diflatished with the Coals now sent, you are entitled by the same Act to have the fame re-measured by the Bushel Measure, provided you immediately and before any more of the Coals than One Sack shall be (hot or delivered from the Cart, Waggon, or Carriage, in which the same are brought, (end Notice in Writing of your Delire to have the fame re-measured, to any of the Land Coal Meters Offices, and also to the Vender or Venders of such Coals. E.F. [Here insert the Nome

of the Vender.] C.D. [Here insert the Name of the Meter, and the Office and Place where the Office is ft turtle i.}

Dated [Here insert the Day of the Month, and the Month and Year when such Ticket was signed. j

And in case any such Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, shall not deliver or cause to be delivered such Ticket as aforesaid, and so countersigned by a Meter as aforesaid, to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or to his, her, or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of such Coals shall he (hot or delivered from such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage laden with any such Coals as aforesaid, then and in every such Case every such Vender or Venders shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceedingTen Pounds;

and in case the Carman, Driver of, or other Person attending such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, hdea with any such Coals as aforesaid, to whom such Ticket shall have been given by or by the Directions of the Vender, in order to be delivered to the Purchaser, shall (having so first received the fame from the Vender, or any Person by the Order of the Vender) refuse or neglect to deliver such Ticket to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or to his, her, or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of such Coals shall be (hot or delivered from such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, every such Carman, Driver, or other Person aforesaid so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XCV. And be it further enacted, That the Vender or Venders of, or Dealer Dealers in any Coals fold aj and for Pool Measure, and sent in any Cart, Waggon, or other Land Carriage from any Wharf, Warehouse, or mfpe£ing Coals other Place within the respective Limits or Districts of the said respective Land Coal Meters, or any Coals sold as fw)ii by Foul and for Pool Measure, and delivered by Gang Labour from or over any Wharf or other Place whete any Land

Mcjfuic. Meter shall be Rationed, situate within any of such respective Limits or Districts, or the Occupier or Occupiers

of any such Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place, from or over which any such Coals shall be so sent, shall, and

such Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers, or Occupier or Occupiers, is and are hereby required and directed to pay to the Principal Meter or Meters for the Time being of the Land Coal Meter's Office, within the Limit! of winch any such Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place shall be situate, at and after the Rate of One Shilling for every Five Chaldrons and One Vat so brought and sent to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, as and for a Compensation for the Trouble of inspecting or superintending the loading and fending away such Coals; and such Money shall be repaid by the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals to the Vender or Venders thereof.

XCVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to hinder or prevent any Purchaser or Purchasers of any Coals sold as and for Pool Measure, from fending such Coals to the iremifes of such Purchaser or Purchasers, or to any Landing Place which such Purchaser or Purchasers shall appoint (provided such Landing Place or Premises be not a Coal Wharf or Place where any Meter shall, by virtue of this Act, be Rationed) or from having such Coals unloaded and delivered at such Premises or Landing Place, either by Gang Labour, or in any other Manner, except in or by Means of any Cart, Waggon, or other Land Carriage, without the Presence, Intervencion, or Inspection of any Land Meter; and without being subject or liable to the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever to any Land Meter, for or in respect of such Coals; but in case such Purchaser or Purchasers shall require the Can1 or Attendance of a Land Meter, then he, she, or they shall have and be entitled to such Attendance, upon fending Notice of such his, her, or their Desire to the Land Meter's Office, within the Limits of which such Premises or Landing Place, where such Coals may be so carried, shall be situate, and in such Case such Purchaser or Purchasers shall pay and be charged for the Attendance of such Meter, at and after the aforesaid Rate of One Shilling for every Five Chaldrons and One Vat of such Coals.

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Purchaser of any Coals fold and sent to such Purchaser by, any Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, from any Place within the Limits of any of the Offices of tly said

Water may have respective Land Meters, shall think or suspect that the full and lawful Measure of any such Coals has uot been

the kmc rtinea- fell^ ancj shall, before the Lighterman or other Person having the Care or Management of such Lighter, Large,

or

Payment to Meter for

Purchasers of Coats sold by Pool Measure may have such C/ils delivered without the Intervention of a Meter.

Purchaser* of Coals fei-t by

CAxviii

27

A.D. 1807.

47° GEORGII III. SeIT.2.

or other Craft, shall have delivered up to the Purchaser, or to his, her, or their Servant, such Lighter, Barge, fureHincafe

or other Craft, and quitted the Charge thereof, and before Bulk shall be broken of such Coals, figuify his or her 15

j>iire to have such Coals re-meal 11 red, then and in every such Case the Lighterman or other Person Ant with the

Lighter, Barge, or Craft, in which the said Coals shall be brought, shall either continue at the Landing Place or

Premises of the Purchaser of the said Coals, with the said Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, until such Coals are

re-measured* or shall leave inch Lighter, Barge, or other Craft properly fattened and made secureat such Landing

Place or Premises, or as near thereto as can be, and permit the fame so to remain there until such Coals arc

re-measured, umler the Penalty of Ten Pounds on the Owner and Proprietor, and Forty Shillings on the

Lighterman or other Person font with such Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, and the said Purchaser shall imme-

(iir.flv fend orenufe to be lent to the Vender of the said Coals, or to his or her Wharf, Notice in Writing1 that the llfd Cunls are going to be re-measured, and also fend Notice in Writing thereof to any one of the Oilices of the said ivipective Land Coal Meters aforesaid, and thereupon a Principal Meter, or One of the Labouring

Meters not being the Meter under whose Inspection any such Coals may have been originally loaded] shall

within Two Hours 11 xt after such Notice in Writing left at the Office of any such Land Coal Meter, attend

from such Office where such Notice shall be so left, to re-measure the said Coals, and shall accordingly re measure

the fame with the Bushel Measure, in Presence of the Vender and Purchaser of the said Coals, or their Agents

or Servants, if any of then shall attend tortile Purpose of seeing such Coals re-measured; and in case it shall appear upon the Re-measurement of such Coals by such Principal or Labouring Coal Meter as shall attend for the Purpose of re-measuring such Coals, that such Coals do not amount to the Quantity for which they were

fold, then and in such Cate if inch Coals shall have been sold as and for Pool Measure, the Vender of such Coals

lluliincafe such Deficiency shall exceed FourBufhels and not exceed Ten Bushels in any Five Chaldrons and

One Vat of Coals so re-measured, forfeit and pay for every Bushel of Coals so found deficient in every Five

Cha(irons and One Vat, the Sum of Forty Shillings, and in case such Deficiency shall exceed Ten Bushels in

any Five Chaldrons and One Vat so re-measured, then and in such Case such Vender of such Coals shall forfeit and pay, for every such iiufliel so found deficient, the Sum of Five Pounds, and shall moreover forfeit all such v

Coals to the intended Purchaser or Purchasers thereof; but in Case any such Coals so re-measured and found

deficient shall have been fold or delivered as and for Wharf Measure, then and in such Case the Vender of such

Coals shall forfeit and pay for every Bushel so found deficient the Sum of Five Pounds, and shall moreover forfeit all such Coals to the intended Purchaser or Purchasers thereof,

XCVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Principal Land Coal Meter or Labouring Coal Meter Expence of fore-measuring shall be paid the Sum of Sixpence foreveiy Chaldron of Coals so re-measured by him, and so in Rcmcafuicimnf. Proportion for any greater or less Quantity than a Chaldron; and if upon any such Re-measurement, the Whole of the Coals so re-measured shall be found less than the Quantity for which the Whole of such Coals shall he fold, then and in such Case the Vender or Venders of such Coals shall, in case such Deficiency shall amount to or exceed One Bushel, pay the Expences of such Re-admeasurement, but if such Deficiency shall not amount to One Bushel, then and in such Case such Expcuces shall be paid and borne by the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coils.Coals sold by

XCIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed p, >ol Measure to extend to require any Coals sold as and for Pool Measure to be measured by the Bushel Measure previous to need not he mci-such Coals being loaded and sent away in any Cart, Waggon, or other Land Carriage, from the Vender's Wharf Jurrd by Bushel or other Place of Sale, save and except by the Defsre of the Purchaser of any such Coals. Jj"r

C. And be it further enacted, That all Coals fold or loaded to be sold as and for Wharf Measure, in Quantities c^"

exceeding Eight Bushels at or from any Place or Places within the Limits of any of the said respective Offices, shall be measured in the Presence of One of the said Labouring Coal Meter?, (belonging to the Office within fh^li bemeaiurcd the Limits or D: strict of which the Place of Sale of such Coals shall be situate) by the Bushel Measure heaped in u»e prefcncc up as by this Act is directed; and the said Labouring Coal Meters shall and may, and he and they is and are a LamiCual hereby authorized and required to fill up any Bushel or Bushels of any such Coals as shall appear to him or them vtcr*

(kfua-nt or wanting in Measure, out of the Stock of Coals of the Person or Persons so vending or contracting for the Stile of the said Coals, or so loading any such Coals for Sate.

Cl. And be it further enacted, That if any such Labouring Coal Meter shall wittingly or willingly suffer Penalty on any Coals exceeding Eight Bushels, which shall be sold or loaded to be sold as and for Wharf Measure, to be M UtFoing sent from any Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place within the Limits or Dittridl of his Office without such ^e^nc

Coals being measured in the Manner herein directed, and shall not give Information thereof to the Principal oulwlthoul Land Coal .Veters or Coal Meter under whom such Labouring Coal Meter shall serve, within Two Days being duly next after such Coals shall have been measured, then and in every such Case such Labouring Coal Meter measured. shall for ever thenceforth be rendered incapable of acting as a Labouring Coal Meter, and forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

Cl I. And be it further enacted, That the Sum of Sixpence for every Chaldron of Coals which shall be sold Co*! Meter* and delivered as and for Wharf Measure, at any Wharf, Warehouse or Place within the Limits or District of P.»yment ior any of the Offices of the said respective Land Coal Meters, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity^n Mt Mcalur* than a Chaldron, shall be paid by the Occupier or Occupiers of the Wharf, Warehouse, or Place from which such Coals arc taken, or by the Seller or Vender of such Coals, to the Principal Land Coal Meters or Coal Meter for the Time being, of the Office within the Limits or Dill riel of which the Wharf, Warehouse or other Place of Sale of such Coals shall be situate, and thereupon such Principal Land Coal Meters or Coal Meter shall, and they and he are and is hereby required to deliver or cause to be delivered to every Seller of such Coals, or the Carman who shall cart, lead, drive, or carry away the fame, a Paper Writing, or Ticket, signed by one of the PrincipalLand Coal Meters, and countersigned by the Labouring CoalMeter attending and delivering to jie sent

N ft 2 the such Coal*.

C.lxviii. 470 GEORGII III. Sess. 2.

A.D. 1807.

Pmifrv on WrurHngers giving Bubcs to Me Lett,

the fame, in which shall be contained the Christian and Surname or Names of the respective Seller or Sellers, or Vender or Venders, and also either the Christian and Surname or Names, or only the Surname or Names of the Par-chafer or Purchasers, Contumei* or Consumers of the said Coals, and the Quantity of inch Coals, and the Day of the Week, Month, and Year of the Deliver}' and Admeasurement, and Amount of the Met age Charge, and the Names of the Carmen or Peifens employed to cart, lead, drive or carry the kune Coals, and a io shall contain a Notice to the Pure haler or Pin chafers of the said Coals, that if lie, the, or they is or are diffhtibfied with the Measure thereof, and shall desire to have all Inch Coals remeaiured, such Dittatkfadftioti must be exp-relied to the Carman befant more than One Sack of such Coals is (hot or unladen fr >: n the Waggon, Cart, or other Carnage conveying the fame; and that if Inch Purchaser or Puvchafers shall be so diiiatislied, and shall delire to have all or any of the particular Sacks remaining in such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage re-uu. aimed, so as to at certain the Contents of each or any of inch particular Sacks, then that such Delire im: l be expressed to the Curiran before any of the Sacks of Coals, which such Purchaser or Puvchafers ill all delire to have re-measured Ihrii ba (hot or unladen from the Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage in which the same shall be lent, which fain Ticket being thus made complete and Met age paid, shall be delivered unaltered by the Labouring Coal Meter counterfeiting the lame, without delay, to the Carmgu or Person employed to cart, carry, drive, or lead the Coals described in such Ticket, to the Purchaser or Consumer therein named, which said Ticket muff: end, the Carman or Person therein named to be employed to cart, carry, leal, or drive the Coals in such Ticket described, shall, and he is hereby required to deliver to the respective Co.ilumers or Purclnfers therein naired, or to their Agent or Servant who shall attend to receive the Coals d Tcribed in Inch Ticket for the Use of such Purchaser or Cotuumer. and thereupon lie, file, and tlu y is and are hereby required to pay to the Seller named in such Ticket, the Metage therein specii.cd, and if the Labouring Coal Meter comuerlDning huh Ticket shall, after payment or'lender of the Meta ge Charge in pm fuance of this Act, reiufe I > di liver such Ticket as herein-before diteded, to the Carman tr Person employed to cart, lead, drive, or (.airy the Coal* therein described, Inch Labouring f oal iTcter Dali, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and if such Carman or Person employed to cart, carry, lead, or drive the Ce'.ls cic bribed in such Ticket, shall, after the fame Ticket fl.all have been so delivered to him b- the Labouring Gstl Meter counu rligning the fame, either alter, or neglect or refuse to deliver the fame 1 iJ.et t*thr Puiihster or Consumer therein named, or to the Agent or Servant who shall attend to receive the Coals described in fr.cli Ticket, such Carman or Person employed to cart, lead, or drive the Coals described in such 'Picket, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

CIJL And be it further enacted, That if any Wharfinger or Dealer in Coah 11..11, diretBy or imlirtfftly, give or offer or cauie to be given or offered, to any Principal or Labouring Land Coal Meter or Meters, ai.y Sum or Sums of Money, or other Fee, Reward, or Gratuity whatsoever, ovr ami above Sixpence per Chair rorr herein allowed to be demanded and taken for the Charges of the Mctage of Coe hi mealmed by the BuM, or over and above the One Shilling for every Five Chaldrons and One VaDof Coals sold by Pool Measure, for the Inspection thereof or over and above the Sixpence for every Ton of Co ds sold by Wright every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exce.di rg Tvu at v Pounds.

Tcnalty on Meters receiving and tfrihn, or t)<liveiin^ faife

CIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Princi M or Labouring Land Coal M; ter to be appointed id qualified pursuant to this Act, fiudl deliver or cause to be delivered a The or counterfeited Ticket many

ity nn

Pma

Vender for not Viivt rin.; a Mdci '« Tn.lcct wii-i Wi.Jif Measure Coals.

Pmirnf rn« of 5avk> Jo 1 Caais«

minted to any

Dealer, Vender, Consumer, Carman, or other 1 ciTm, v/ku inte..t to pujurime or defraud any Person or Persons whomsoever, or shall take or rcr ive from a iv Dealer D or Vender ot Coals any Sum or Sums of Money, Fee, Reward, or Gratuity whatsoever over and above t.he Sixpence/v-r Chaldron herein allowed to be demanded and taken for the Metage Charge for Coals incVuwci by the Bulk ], or over and above the One-Shilling Dr every Five Chaldrons and One Vat cc Coals Did hv the Pool Measure for the Inflection them if, or over and above the Sixpence for every Ton of Coals fob: by Wt i ht; or it any such Principal or Labouring Coal Meter shall wilfully permit or fuss r to be made fasse M .dure of any Coals, or fhuil deliver a Meter's Ticket for any Quantity of Coal.*, the Whole of which he snail not have icon measured, or shall countersiya any Vender's Ticket for any Coah, without having inipcuted such Coals, or without seeing and taking cure that the Whole of the Coals contain: <1, fold in, and to be dchvcied out oi any particular Room or Ruon'.s<of any Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, shall have been full completely emptied out of, and loaded from iurii particular Room or Rooms so fold, then ami in every Inch Case every such-Meter so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pound; ?, and be rendered incurable of ever lcrung thereafter in the Office of a Coal Meter.

CV. And be it further enacted, That if any Quantity whatsoever of Coals, exceeding Light Bnfhcb, fold or to be sold as and for YA harr Measure, shall be font or driven in any Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, from any M ha if, Warehouse, or Place, fit tiate within tkt Limits or District of any of the said respective Office'?, wit hunt having been mcafuted by such Bushd M alure as is herein after directed, or without such Meter's Ticket as. aforesaid, so ligucd and countersigned as afoi; laid, having been firit obtained, or if such Ticket as aforesaid flu.ll not be delivered to the Purchaser or Purchasers of any such Coals, before any Part of such Coals arc (hot or delivered upon the Premises of such Purchaser or Purchasers, then and in every such Case the Vender or Verniers; of such Coals shall for every Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

§ 9, 10, II, 13, 14, of Stat. 3 Geo. 2. c. 26. recited verbatim, and repealed, $ 106,

CVIT. And be it further enacted, That no Spck shall be made use of in the Delivery of Coals from any Ship, VrtTeJ, Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, or frum-giiy Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place, within the said Port of London, or within the said respective Cities of Lor.d n and Wrf: mlnj}ery or the rerpc<ffive Liberties thereof, or within such Part or Parts of the said respective Cou itics of Middlesex, Surry, Kent, and EJlx, as is or are situate within the Pittance of Twenty-five Miles from the Royal Lxchauge, except such Sackihall be made of

Lu.cn,

A.D. 1807.

470 GEORGII III. Sess. 2.

<7.1

XVIII.

277

Linen, and shall have been firffi sealed and marked with White Paint in Oil at Guildhall, Loncfin, or at the Exchequer Office, Westminster, by the proper Officer there, and shall at the Time of making life of such Sack

Measure in the Inside thereof at leal! Four Feet and Two Inches in Lcngjjt by Two Feet and One Inch in Breadth; and no back shall lie sealed or marked which shall not, at the Time of the marking or sealing thereof,

measure in the Inside thereof Four Feet and Four Inches in Length, and Two Feet and Two Inches in Breadth;

and if any Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in, or Carrier or Carriers of Coals, shall use or cause to be used

any Sack or Sacks for delivering or carry ing Coals within the several and resppdtive Cities, Liberties, and Parts-

aforesaid, not sealed or marked as aforesaid, or of less Length at the Time of uling the fame than Four Feet

and Two Inches at the lcail in the Inlidc thereof, or of less Breadth than Two Feet and One Inch at the lea it

in the Inside thereof, then and in every such Case every inch Vender of or Dealer in or Carrier of Coals shall, for every inch Sack so unmarked or deficient in Length or Breadth forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty

Shillings, nor less than Twenty Shillings; and the Justice or Jw Rices before whom such Conviction shall take Exemption for

plate, shall cause every such Sack found unmarked or ch.vient either in Length or Breadth, to be detlroyed: CjU, orlotrcd

Provided always, that the Coals to be delivered by Gang Labour, maybe conveyed without the Use of such t*y G*j>t; L»t>our.

Sack; any Tiling herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

CVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Labouring Coal Meter shall use, or knowingly permit or suffer Pcmliy on

CIX. And be it further enacted, That no Bushel shall be kept or made use of, for or in the Admeasurement what BuflM of any Coals fold within the said Port of London, or ivitlin the said respective Cities of London and Westminster, or Meanec 10 be the rcipertive Liberties thereof, or within such Put or Parts of the said respective Counties of Miau'lefex, Surry, made use of hnity and dj] x, as is or are situate within the Distance of Twenty-five Miles from the Royal Exchange aforesaid, which shall not be such Buthelas is prescribed in and by an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late M.ijeRy Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the spitdy and efjeSual preferring of the Navigation of the River 1* Ann. ft. i*

Thames, ly Jkppi up the Breach hi the Levels of Havering rail Dagenham, in the County of Etfex, and for afeer- c' I7'*U*

tiiimtt? the Co I AL-sure, and which shall not have been in it Ramped or marked by the proper Officer at the Exchequer Office at IVtjhnh.fier, or at the Guildhall, London, previously to the fame being io kept or used; and that every such Bushel, privnmfiy to beie.g so damped or marked, shall be fitted for Work and Use with Iron or Cupper Hoops, and shall be so Ramped or marked with a Steel instrument on the upperinolt Iron or Copper Hoop; and that every such Buffi el shall be kept without any Alteration or Diminution; and that ia making ale of such Bushel, all Cods shall be duly heaped up in such Buffiel in the Form of a Cone, such Cone to be of Uie Height of at leait Six inches, and the Ontiuh of the Buffiel to be the Extremity of the Bale of such Cone; and that each and every Ch.-.ldron of Coals shall couiiif of Thirty-six of such Bushels lu heaped, and so 111 Proportion for ai.y h-lffir puantity; and if any Dealer or Dealers in, or Vender or Venders of Coals within such Limits as aforesaid., shall keeper make use of, orcauielo be kept or made use of, any Bushel in the Admeasure-lacat of any ( v/ids other than such Bail.cl as uioicjaid, ami so flanipt as aforesaid, or shall in an wile decreaie or dinmhfh any fu<*li Bushel fiampt as aforesaid or Uiali pevn.it his, her, or their Servant or Servants, or any Person or Persons whonuoever so : o do, then and in every such Case such Dealer or Dealers in, or Vender or Venders ot Coal; , so oiiu.ding, shall fort oil and pav, for every inch OiTcmv, any Sunn not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds 5 and if auv inch Servant or Servants, or other Person or IVilom a cling by or under the Authority of any Dealer or Dealers, or Vender or Venders, shall make uie oi, in admeulurieg of any Coals, any Bushel other than such BtTnel as aforesaid, ilampt as aforesaid, or if any such Servant or Servants, or any other Person or Per font whoioc.er, shall in any Manner decrease or diir.iniih any such Buffiel ilampt ?s aforesaid, th.en and in every such Cite Inch Servant or Servants, or such other Person or Pcvfons respet. v. ly, for every Inch Offence, shall be committed to the iioiae of Collection by any One or more Justice or jirlicesoi the Peace lor the City, C runty, low a, or Place where such Offence shall be committed, there to be kept to hard Labour, for any Time not txiveuirg Three Calendar Months.

CX. And be it further enacted, That all Measures less than such Bushel Measure a-, aforesaid, whkh shall he nfed by any Person or Persons dealing' in* Coals, with: 11 the said Port of Lend n, or within the said lefpecliv'.

Cities of London and Westminster, or the reflective Liberties thereof, or within such Putt or Parts of the reipcctiw Counties of M dd'efex, tuny, Kent, and Fj/ex, as is or are filmic within the Difianec of Tw< utv-five Mi.es from the Royal Exchange aforesaid, shall be fitted for Work arid Ule with Iron or Copper, and shall, previously to, being used hi the Admeasurement of Coals, be sealed or flimpt at the Exchequer Office at IVcjdtdnfcn, or at' the Guildhall, London, by the proper Officer, with a Steel Iuitrument, on the uppermoll Iron or Copper Hoop; ard that all such Measures so icaled or ilampt shall he kept without any Alteration, and so used by such Dealers in or Venders of Coals, as shall fell any less Quantity or Quantities of Cods than a Bushel of Coals; and if such Person or Persons shall diminish or make less any such his Measure than the Bushel, or shall make use of any khans or Device so as to prevent any such Measure from holding or containing as much as it would otherwise hold' or contain in c : fe such Means or Device had not been practised, or shall use or cause to be used any such Measure when any such Means or Device have been practised, or (lirll use or cause to be used any such Measure in the Admeasurjuirnt of Coal-, not so sealed or ilampt as aforesaid, then and in every such C, fe every such Person lo otiending shall iorcvciy such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Tea Pounds. D.-.gtis In C>M*

CXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in, any

CoaU sold as and for Wharf Measure shall be dissatisfied with the Measurement which shall have been nude of 'ri any such Coals at any Wharf, WareJioufe, or other Place of Sale, by or under the Inspection of the Labouring uc u, e-u

La.iJ Kim. fui.d.

M : Cif'im 'll51, thHt a iJullwl*

j78 C.lxvUi. t, f GEORG II III. Sess. a. A.D. 1807.

Land Coal Meter Rationed or attending at such Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place, then and in every such Ca^ it shall and may be lawful to and for such Vender or Venders of, or Denier or Dealers in Coals, before such Coals are sent away from such Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place of Sal*, to fend or cause to be sent to the Office of the Principal Land Meter, within the Limits or Diilrift of which such Wharf, Wareiioule, or other place of Sale may be situate, Notice in Writing, signifying the Desire of such Vein:r or Venders, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, to have such Coals re-measured, and then and in such Cate such Principal Meter, or One of the Labouring Meters, of or from such Office where such Notice shall be sent (not being the Meter under whose Inspection the said Coals were originally measured) shall, within the Space of Two Horns next after such Notice in Writing left at such Office, attend to re-measure the said Coals, and shall accordingly re-measure the fame, Sack by Sack, by the Bushel Measure, in the Presence of such Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in such Coals, or his, her, or their Agent or Servant, Agents or Servants, and for such Re-measurement such Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, shall pay or cause to be paid to such Principal Coal Meter, who shall fend such other Labouring Meter, the Sum of Sixpence for every Chaldron of Coals so re-measured; and in case it shall appear upon such Remeasurement, that the Coals so remeasured shall exceed the Quantity for which the fame were fold, then and in such Case, if such Excess shall be equal or amount to, or exceed Two Bushels in any Chaldron so remeasured, the Meter who first measured such Coals shall, for every Bushel so exceeding such Quantity as aforesaid, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings, together with all the Expencei of such Remeasurement.

CXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Carman, or Driver of any Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, loaden with Coals for Sale, or to be delivered to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, by any Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in, or Carrier or Carriers of Coals from any Ship, Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, or from any Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place within the said Port of Lontlon, or within the said respective Cities of London and Westminster, or the respective Liberties thereof, or within such Part or Parts of the respective Counties of Middlesex, Kent, Surrey, and Essex, as is or are situate within the Difiance of Twenty-five Miles from the Royal Exchange aforesaid, shall not have placed on some conspicuous Part of his Cart. Waggon, or Carriage a perfect Bushel Measure, of the Form, Size, or Dimensions, and so stamped or marked as herein-before d reded (which Measure shall be provided by the Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers in, or Carrier or Carriers of such Coals), then and in every such Case every such Carman or Driver of such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, not having such Bushel Measure so placed therein or thereon, shall, for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and the Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in, or Carrier or Carrier- of such Coals, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds: Provided always, That Coals which shall be carried or conveyed in Bulk, or in any Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage belonging to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, may be so carried or conveyed without the Carman being obliged to carry a Bushel Measure therewith, or any Person or Persons being subject or liable to any Penalty or Penalties in respect thereof, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, fold and sent as and for Wharf Measure, from any Ship, Ve(lei. Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, or from any Wharf, of Coals sold by Warehouse, or other Place within the said Port of London, or within the said respective Cities of London ox

har caturc. l^eJ}m\nfleri or the respective Liberties thereof, or within such Part or Parts of the said respective Counties of

Middlesex, Surrey, *«/, or Essex, as is or are situate within the Dillance of Twenty-five Miles from the Royal Exchange, and to be delivered to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, from any Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, shall, and he and they is and arc required to deliver or cause to be delivered a printed Ticket or Paper, and such Carman, Driver, or other Person shall and is required to deliver or cause to be delivered the fame Ticket so received from such Vender to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or to his, her, or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of the Coals contained in such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, shall be ihot or delivered therefrom; and every such Ticket or Paper shall be in the Words and Form following:

- VENDER'S TICKET.

' Mr. st. B, [Here insert the Name of the Buyer.]

4*f AKE Notice, That you are to receive herewith [//ere insert the Number]

1 Sacks ol [Here insert the Name of the"] Coals fHere insert the Number] Sacks rof [Here insert the Name of thej Coals [Here insert the Number] Sacks of fHere insert the Name of the] Coals; and that by an Afi made in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Third, tile Carman is directed to deliver this

Ticket before he (hoots any of the Coals out of his Cart or Waggon; and that a Bushel Measure is in such Cart or Waggon, by which the Carman is directed to measure, gratis (under the Penalty of Twenty Pounds) 4 the Coals contained in any one Sack which the Purchaser or his Servant may require, which Sack is to contain Three Bushels heaped up in the Form of a Cone, the Outside of the Measure being the Extremity of the Base

thereof. C.D. [Here insert the Name of the Vender1 E.F. f Here insert the Name of the Labouring Meter in v*case of the Co Is being sent from within either of the Di/Irifts of the said respective Offices]. Dated [Here insert the

Day of the Month, and the Month and Year when such Tic Let u/asjigned J'

Carman shall c my a Rulhel

Measure in 1j1> Cart.

Vender* shall deliver Ticket*

Penalty on Vcndo not delivering Ticker,

and on Cat men.

And in case any such Vender or Venders shall not deliver or cause to be delivered such Ticket as aforesaid, to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or to his, her, or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of such Coals shall be (hot or delivered from such Cart, Waggon, or other, Carriage, every such Vender or Venders shall for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceccling Twenty Pounds; and in caie the Carman, Driver of, or other Person attending such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, laden with any such Coals aforesaid, to whom such Ticket shall have been given by, or by the Direction of the Vender, in order to be delivered

i to

A.D. 1807.

470 GEORGII III. Sess. 2.

C. lxviii.

2*9

to the Purchaser, shall (having so first received tht fame from the Vender, or any Person by the Vender*

Orders) refuse or neglect to deliver such Ticket as aforesaid to the Buyer or Buyers of such Coals, or to his, her*-their Servant or Servants, before any Part of such Coals shall be (hot or delivered from such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, every such Carman, Driver, or other Person aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and

pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

CXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Carman or Driver of any Cart, Waggon, or Carman requir'd ether Carriage laden with Coals for Sale, or to be delivered to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof by the in'e

Vender or Venders, or Dealer or Dealers in such Coals, from any Ship, Tighter, Barge, or other Craft, or from cac>) ^irt any Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place, within the said Port of London, or within the said respective Cities of London and Westminster or the respective Liberties thereof, or within such Part or Parts of the respective Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent, and Kssex, as is or are situate within the Distance of Twenty five Miles from the Royal Exchange aforesaid, shall and he is hereby directed to measure, gratis, if he shall be required io lo to do, the Coals contained in any one of the Sacks contained in such Cart, Waggon, or other C arriage, which may be chosen by the Purchaser or Purchasers of the said Coals, or his, her, or their Servant or Servants or oihet Person or Persons acting on the Behalf of such Purchaser or Purchasers, with such Buftiel Measure as aforesaid, in order that such Purchaser or Purchasers may be better enabled to judge of the Necessity of having the W hole of such Coals re-measured in Manner directed by this Act.

CXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Carman or Driver of any Cart or Waggon, or other Car- Penalty on-riage, laden with Coals for Sale, or to be delivered to the Purchaser or Purchasers by the Vender or Venders of, or (^a, poai« Dealer or Dealers in such Coals, from any Ship, Vessel, Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, or from any Wharf, Ware- ^"tiihour hou(e, or other Place within the said Port of London> or within the said respective Cities of Londomnd U\JlmmJler mofuring the or the respective Liberties thereof, or within such Part or Parts of the said respective Counties of Middlesex, back.*

Surrey, Kent, and Essex, as is or are situate within the Distance of Twenty-five Miles from the Royal E'change aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to measure by the said Bushel Measure such Sacks of Coals in Manner herein directed, when thereunto required by the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or by his, her, or their Servant or Servants, or other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of such Purchaser or Purchasers, to be measured, or if any such Carman or Driver shall drive away, or permit or suffer the said Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage to be driven away without measuring, in Manner herein directed, the said Sack of Coals, or shall binder, obstruct, or otherwise prevent the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or his, her, or their Servant or Servants, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, from measuring the said Bushel Measure, or all or any Sack or Sacks in such his Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, then and in every such Case every such Carman or Priverfo offending shall, for every such I ffence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, hot less than Five Pounds; and the Vender or Venders of, o* the Dealer or Dealers in such Coals shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor less than Five Pounds.

CXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Purchaser or Purchasers, or his, her, or Coal* f«nt by their Servant or Servants, shall be dissatisfied with the Measure of any Coals fold or to he delivered within the Limits or District of any of the said respective Offices of the said respective Land Coal Meters, and sent to furct|^HCined him, her, or them, in any Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, and shall fi^nify to the Carman, or other Person by the Purch.Uef. attending such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, his, her, or their Desire to have the Coals contained in such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, or any Part of such Coals rc-measured, then and in every such Case the Carman or Driver of such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, in which such Coals shall be brought, shall and he is hereby required to continue and remain at the House, Lodging, or other Premises of the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, with such Cualri, and the Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, until such Coals are rrmealured; and if any such Carman or Driver shall drive away, or permit or suffer to be driven away such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, before the Coals contained therein shall be remeasured, without the Cunfent of the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, or his, her, or their Servant or Servants, then and in every such Case such Carman or Driver shall, for every such Offence, toifcit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

CXVII. And be it further enacted, That such Purchaser or Purchasers, or his, her, or their Servant or Purcl.afer shall Servants, so defmngfuch Coals contained in such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, to be remeasured, shall, and Nonce r° he, she, or they is and are hereby required to fend or cause to !»* sent to the Vender or Venders of the said Coals, or jefirou* to his, her, or their Wharf, Warehouse, or P; acc of Abode, Notice in Writing that the said Coals are to be re- having Coal* measured, and such Purchaser or Purchasers, or las. her, or their Servant or Servants, shall, and he, she, or they ib rcracafured. and are hereby required forthwith to fend Notice in Writing to any one of the Offices of the said respective Land Coal Meiers of his, her, or their Defile to have such Coal, u measured, and thereupon a Principal Meter, or One of the Labouring Meiers (not being the Meter under whose inspection the said Coals were originally measured) shall within the Space of Two Flours next alter such Notice in Writing left at the Office of any such Principal Coal Meter aforesaid, attend from such Office where such Notice shall be so left at the Huule, Lodging, or other i remifee of such Purchaser or Purchasers, ac shall be exurefied in such Notice, for the Purpose of remeasuring the said Coals, and shall accordingly remealurc* the fame in the Presence of the Vender or Venders and Purchaser or Purchasers of the said Coals, or ot iris, her, or their Agent or Servant,

Agents or servants, if they or any of t'*em (V'ri attend to see the fame remeasured; and in case such Purchaser may Vruderor Venders, or Pu.ciiafer or Purchasrs, or iri >, her, or their Agent or Servant, Agents or Servants, either have°fh-fluil not attend for the Purpose of seeing such CoJs so remeufur d, then such Meter shall proceed in Contents of eaph the r*measuring of such C> ah in his, her, or th ur A Silence 5 and such Meter shall and he is hereby Operate Sjcr req rived, at the Option of the Purclnlei 0; Purchasrs of irich Cords, to reineafure such Coals, either by the ^uk-Uum d, or dilhrft S.a ks, so as to alcert&in the Con.enls eaeh p: r. cuLu Sack of such Coals which shall remain in such 1 tf*n

Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, or the to remcafure tuch Coals, ixi such Maimer, and so as to ascertain the whole together*

28o C'.lxviii.

470 GEORGII III. Scflf.2.

A.D. 1807.

TVnVi'f* on Vcr rf* r tn case tit Deficiency on such

K unca furenjenr.

P<rnfiy on Meets : n: fi Co.t! lVirtors in case of any C »*li fl 1 fm Whaif M : .fiirc p'o me rJeficierK o t fu-h RcniealUicmcni,

r<*ra'v rn

Venders rf Co.'s Kt Vuui M a'jrc.

Pc- a'ty on Meter, in c*fc of any CV.'>S lolrl for Poo! McClure prove rh fie rent

upon such Remeasurement,

F.xpenrcs of He measure ment.

P-naffy on

Principal Meiers not (ending a I.thounng Meter to mtaftire the Coals.

whole Quant ity of such Coals contained in all the Sacks taken together; and in case the Purchaser or Purchasfn of such Coals shall not, either before or immediately upon the Arrival of such Meter, signify or cause to be signified, to such Meter, his or their Option or Desire as to which of the said Two Ways he or they would wist such Remeasurement to be taken cr made in, then and in every such Case such Meter shall proceed to remcafure such Coals in such Manner, and so as to ascertain the whole Quantity of such Coals contained in all the Sacks taken together; and for such Remeafnrement such Purchaser or Purchasers shall pay, or cause to be paid, to the Principal Coal Meter or Coal Meters of or from the Office to which Notice shall have been sent as atorssaid, Sixpence for every Chaldron of Coals so remeasured; and in case, upon the Remeasurement of any such Coals vihich shall be so remeasured as to ascertain the Contents of each particular Sack thereof, it shall appear to the Meter, so remeasuring the fame, that any Sack or Sacks of such Coals shall not contain Three Bushels, then and in every such Case the Vender or Venders of such Coals shall, for every Sack of Coals that shall be so found deficient on such Remeasurement, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, and in case upon the Rerocaiurcment of any Inch Coals as aforesaid, which shall be remeasured in such Manner as to ascertain the whoic Quantity of such Coals contained in all the Sacks wherein the same shall have been sent taken together, k in ail appear to inch Meter as aforesaid that the Coals thus remeasured do not amount to the Quantity for which they were fold, then if such la ft mentioned Coals shall have been sold as and for Wharf Measure, the Vender or Venders of such Coals shall forfeit and pay, for every Bushci of Coals found deficient, the Sum of Five Pounds, and also forfeit every Chaldron of Coals so found deficient, or wanting in Measure to and for the Use of the Poor of the Parish where such Coals shall be so remealured, and the Labouring Meter, under* whose Inspection the Golds were first mcaiured, shall, For every Bushel io deficient, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings, and the Coal Porters who shall havefirft measured such Coals for the Vender or Venders thereof, shall, for every Biiikel of Coals so wanting, forfeit and pay the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, but if any such Coals so remeasured in the Manner la ft mentioned, and so found to amount to Iefs than the Quantity for which the fame were fold, shall have been sold as and for Tool Measur: , then the Vender or Venders of such Coals shall, in case such Deficiency shall exceed Four Bushels and net exceed Ten Bushels in any Five Chaldrons and One Vat so remeasured, forfeit and pay for every Bushel of Coals so found deficient in every such rive Chaldrons and One Vat, the Sum of Forty Shillings; and in cate such 1'eficiency shall exceed Ten Bushels in any Five Chaldrons and One Vatfo remeasured, then and in such Case such .Vender or Venders of such Coals shall forfeit and pay for every such Bushel so deficient in every Inch Five Chaldrons and One Vat the Sum of Five Pounds: Provided nevertheless, that no such Coals so fold and sent shall be rencafurcd, so as to ascertain the whole Quantity of such Coals taken together, after more than One Sack of such Coals shall have been shot or delivered from such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, into or upon the Premises of such Purchaser or Purchasers, any Tiling herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if upon such Remeasurement of any Coals fold and sent, as and for Pool Measure, by any Waggon, Cart, or other Land Carriage, and which Remeasurement shall have keen made in such Manner as to ascertain the whole Quantity of such Coals, contained in all the Sacks taken together, the Coals so remeasured shall be found to be leisor more than at the Rate of Three Bushels for each Sack, according to the Number of Sacks specified in the Vender's Ticket of inch Coals, then the Meter who countersigned fitch Vender's Ticket of such Coals shall, in case such Deficiency or Excel's shall exceed Four Bushels in any Five Chaldrons and One Vat of such Cords so remeasured, forfeit and pay for every such Bushel io exceeding or so deficient in every such Five Chaldrons and One Vat, the Sum of Twenty Shillings.

CXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if upon any such Remeasurement which shall be so made so ns to ascertain the whole Quantity contained in ai! the Sacks Lnt, taken together, of any such Coals fold and sent as and for Wharf or Pool Measure, t he Whole of such Coals so remeasured shall he found less than the Quantity for which the Whole of such Coals shall he fold, then the Vender or Venders of such Coals shall, in case such Deficiency shall amount to or exceed One Bushci, repay to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals the Expenct?s of such-Remeasurement; but if such Deficiency shall not amount to One Bushel, then such Expends shall be paid and borne by the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals; ciutif upon any such Remeasurement which shall be made, so as to ascertain the Quantity contained in each and eve'y of the particular Sacks sent of any Coals sold as and for Wharf or Pool Measure, it shall be found that One Fourth Part or more of the Number of the Sacks of such Coals, fold and sent to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, do not contain the Quantity of Three Bushels each respectively, then the Vender or Venders of such Coals shall repay to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals the Expences of the Remeasurement thereof; but if the Number of such Particular Sacks so found deficient shall not amount to One-Fourth Part of the whole Number of the Sacks of such Conti so fold and sent, then and in such Case such Expences shall be paid and borne by the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals.

CXX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That after any such Notice as by this Act dire^ed shall have been given by or on the Behalf of any Purchaser or Purchasers at any of the said respective I.and Meters' Offers, requiring the Attendance of any Meter from any of such Offices, for the Purpose of remeasuring any Coals fold either for Wharf or Pool Measure, then and in every such Case the Principal Meters or Meter for the Time being, at any of such respective Offices or Office where inch Notice shall have been given or sent, is and are hereby authorized-and required to fends Labouring Meter or Meters from their respective Offices or Office, for the Purpose of making the Remeasurement, and such respective Labouring Meters or Labouring Meter shall and are and is hereby authorized and required to remcafure any such Cdals which they shall be so feut to remcafure, whether the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals shall or not be desirous of having such Remcafunement proceeded in, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and if any such Principal Meters or Meter, after having received any such Notice as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse within the Space of Two Hours

3 after

Clxviii

281

A.D. 1807. 470 GEORGII III. Seif. 2.

after the Receipt of such Notice to fend a Labouring Meter or Meters to the House, Lodging, or other Premisea of such Purchaser or Purchasers accordingly, or if any Labouring Land Coal Meter or Meters shall refuse or negleel to remeasure such Coals, then and in every such Case every such Principal Land Coal Meter or Meters and Labouring Land Coal Meter or Meters so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and if any such Purchaser or Purchasers, or any other Person or Persons, shall prevent, obstruct, or interrupt, or attempt to prevent any such Remeasureinent being proceeded in and made by any such Labouring Land Coal Meter or Meters so sent by any such Principal Land Coal Meter or Meters in consequence of any such Notice, then and in every such Case every such Purchaser or Purchasers, or other Person or Persons fooffonding, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

CXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Cart, Waggon, or other Cirriage shall be flopped or detained for the Purpose, or under Pretence of re-admeasuring the Coals or any Part laden thereon, the Owner of every such Cart, Waggon, or other Cavriage Hull be entitled to the Sum of Three Shillings per Hour for every Hour the Cart shall be so detained, and so in Proportion for any Fraction of an Hour, over and above the usual Cartage of such Coals; which Three Shillings per Hour shall be paid by the Vender of the said Coals, in case the fame, or any Part thereof, shall, upon the Remeasurement thereof, be found deficient in Measure, or by the Purchaser of such Coals, in case the same shall not be remeasured, or shall upon such Remeasurerrent be found to amount to the Quantity for which such Coals were fold.

CXXII. And be it further enacted, That all Coals which shall be sold by Weight at any Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place, within any of the respective Limits or Dillridli of any of the said respective Offices of the said respective Land Coal Meters, and to be lent in any Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, shall be sold or weighed by the Hundred Weight, each Hundred Weight confiding of One hundred and twelve Pounds Avoirdupois Weight, and Twenty such hundred Weight shall be and be deemed and taken to be One Ton; and all such Coals so to be sold shall be weighed and loaded at such Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place of Sale, in the Presence of one of the Labouring Land Meters from the Office, within the Limits or District of which such Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place of Sale shall be fitunte, and such Labouring Meter is hereby authorised and required to superintend and inspect the weighing and loading of all such Coals so sold by Weight, in order that such Meter may fee and be satisfied that in every such Loading the full Weight of Coals is actually given, which shall beexprefied in the Vender's Ticket; and such Meter may refuse to countersign the Vender's Ticket of any such Coals, in case such Meter shall not fee that the full and proper Weight shall be given according to the Quantity which shall be expressed in such Vender's Ticket, but such Meter shall and lie is hereby required to countersign the fame, in case the proper Weight shall be given according to such Quantity of Coals expressed in such Vender's Ticket; and for such Inspection of such Coals so sold by Weight, there shall be paid by the Vender or Venders thereof, or by the Occupier or Occupiers of the Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place from whence such Coals shall be sent, to the Principal Land Coal Meter or Meters for the Time being, within the Limits or District of whose Office such Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place from which such Coals sold by Weight shall be sent may be situate, Sixpence for every Ton of Coals so weighed under the Meter's Inspection, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity than a Ton, and such Sum of Money shall be repaid to such Vender or Venders by the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals.

CXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in such Coals so sold by Weight, within the Limits or District of any of tile Offices of the said respective Land Meters, shall deliver

or cause to be delivered to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, or to his, her, or their Servant or Servants,

immediately on the Arrival of the Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage in which such Coals shall be sent, and before any of such Coals shall be unloaded, a Paper or Ticket in the Form following; that is to say,

Mr. A.B. [Here insert the Name of the Buyer]

'TAKE Notice that you are to receive herewith [Here insert the Number] Tons [Here insert the Name of the] 1 Coals: For inspecting which Coals you are, m conformity to an Act of Parliament made in the Forty-

seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Third, to repay me, the undersigned [Here insert the Name of the Seller) the Sum of [Here insert the Amount of the Inspection Charge] being at and after the Rate of Sixpence for every Ton of Coals sold to, and to be received by you herewith.

(Signed) ' C. Z). [Here insert the Name of the Seller.]

(Counterligned)*E. F. [Here insert the Name of the Meter ]'

And in case any such Vender or Venders do not deliver or causeto be delivered such Ticket as aforesaid, and so coutersigned by a Meter as aforesaid, to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or to his, her, or their Servant or Servants, before any Pail of such Coals are unloaded, every such Vender shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds; and in case the Carman, Driver of, or other Person attending any such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage laden with any such Coals, to whom any such Ticket shall have been given, by or by the Orders of the Vender, in order to be delivered to the Purchaser, shall, (having £0 first received the fame from the Vender, or any Person by the Directions of the Vender) refuse or neglect to deli^r such Ticket to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or to his, her, or their Servant or Servants, Before any Part of such Coals shall be unloaded, such Carman, Driver, or other Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

CXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Coals whatsoever fold within any of the said {ereral and respective Limits of this Act, save and except only such Coals as shall be sold by Weight in Manner aforesaid, shall be sold either by the Chaldron, such Chaldron to consist of Thirty-six of such BusheU so heaped up as aforesaid, or by the Sack, each Sack containing Three such Bushels 10 heaped up 47 Geo. III. O o as

C-n men shall be

pnr! j>cr

Hour when Aopt for having CojU reraeaiarcd.

Regalafinn as to C mU sold by Weigh 1.

Vcoder's Tic ket with Coal« sold by Weigh1.

All Coals shall be sold either by Weight or by the Chaldron or Bushct

282

C.lxviii

470 GEORGII III. SeiT.2.

pr. lipnl M rcr«

for L'dm fh l'l pndkic*" n O.iOs h* fic me C'our H C rrv "on C.^r 1, 0, rir 4\fV.O I'M of

Jsl'I, M lilies rctf'vcl i>y

i*' 1, ai d

f!' il: p iy the f. r»- into tire C i trnhcr of li.c Cuy.

Application of Monies arifinj from Mf(. gc in the London Piflritf.

S lUrics ro We ter*, &c.

A.D. 180/,

as af<»rcf.; : d, or rife t y such Fuf: cl as aforesaid, or by the Half Bushel, Peek, or Half Peck: Provided such finalier Meauirc shall be fume Aliquot Part of such Bushel Measure; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwill-(lauding.

CXXV. Provided aKvayr, and be it further enacted, That all and every the Principal Meter and Meters for the Time being for the said City of Lon cn and the Liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock and Limehouse Hole, in the County of Middlesex, shall, and each and every of such Principal Meter or Meters for such District is and arc respectively hereby directed and required to produce and deliver in, once or oftener in every Month, before the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the said City of London* in Common Council assembled, or before Inch Persons as the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons shall for that Purpose appoint, a full, true, and accurate Account or Accounts, in Writing, verified by Affidavit, of all and every the Sum and Sums of Money which shall from Time to Time, by virtue of this Act, be received by such Principal Meter or Meters for Such District, for any Mctage, Inspection or Remeasurement of any Coals which shall be measured, remeaftirc I, or ir.spected by any such Principal Meter or Meters, or by any Labouring Meter or Meters within fr.ch Diilrict; and every such Account so directed t& be produced as aforesaid shall, previously to the Production thereof, be verified upon Oath by such Principal Meter or Meters for such District, before the said Lord M .yor, or any of the Aldermen of the said City of London, and which Oath any such Magistrate is hereby authorized to administer; and every such Principal Meter or Meters for such District shall, and he and they is and are hereby also dirt tied and required. One - or oftener in every Month, to pay irto the Chamber of the said City of London A and every such Sum and Sums of Money which shall be so from Time to Time by virtue of this A<ff, received by such Principal Meter or Meters for any such Mctage, InspefVon, or Remeasurement of any Coals within Such DifIriA, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and if any such Principal Meter for such District shall not, Once or oftener in every Month, produce and deliver in before such Persons as af.>resaid, such Account so verir. d as aforesaid, or shall not. Once or oftener in every Month, pay into the Chamber of the said City of London all and every such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be so from Time to Time, by virtue of this Act, received by such Principal Meter for any such Metage, Inspection, or Remeasurement of any such Coals as aforesaid, then and in every such Case every such Principal Meter shall, for every such OSfence, forfeit and pay any Sum not evceeding Twenty Pounds.

CXXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That out of the Monies which shall be so from Time to Time paid into the said Chamber of the said City of London, by such respective Principal Meters for the said City of London and Liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock and Limehouse Hole, in the County of Middlesex, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the said City of London in Common Council assembled, and the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, are hereby directed and required, from Time to Time, to pay or cause to be paid such yearly or other Salary, or respective Salaries, to each and every of such Principal Land Coal Meter or Principal Land Coal Meters, for the Time being, for the said City of London and the Liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock and Limehouse Hole, in the said County of Middlesex, as they the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall from Time to Time think reasonable; and it shall and may also be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, and the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, are hereby also directed and required, out of such Monies which shall be so from Time to Time paid into the Chamber of the said City, to pay or cause to be paid such weekly Wages to each and every of the Labouring Land Coal Meters for the said City of London and the Liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock and Limehouse HoU, in the said County of Middle, ex, as the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall from Time to Time think proper to appoint: Provided nevertheless, that such weekly Wages so to be appointed for such Labouring Land Coal Meters, shall not at any Time be less than Twenty Shillings per Week for each and every of such Labouring Meters: And it shall and may also be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Aldermen, arid Commons, in Common Council assembled, and they are hereby also directed and required to pay, or cause to be paid out of such Monies which shall be so from Time to Time paid into the Chamber of the said City by such respective Principal Meters for such District, the Colts, Charges, and Expences of maintaining, supporting, and repainng the said Land Coal Meter's Office for the City of London, and between the Tower of London and LimebouJt Holet in the County of Middlesex; and such yearly or other Salary, or respective Salaries, as the Said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council afrembled, shall think reasonable to be paid to each and every of such Clerk and Clerks, as the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council act'embled, shall think proper or necessary to employ in such Office, and the Cods, Charges, and Expences of Coals, Candles, and Furniture for such Land Coal Meter's Office, and all such other House Expences, relating to such Odice, as to the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall seem reasonable and proper: And in case and when and as the aforesaid Monies, which shall be so from Time to Time paid iato the Chamber of the said City of London by such respective Principal Meters for such District, shall be more than sufficient for maintaining, repairing, and supporting the said Land Coal Meter's Office for the said City of London and the Liberties thereof, and between the Tower of London and Limehouse Hole, in the County of Middlesex, and for defraying the said Expences of Coals, Candles, Furniture, and other House Expences relating to such Office; and also for the paying the Salaries which shall be appointed to be paid as aforesaid to the respective Principal Meters for the Time being for such Di(lri6t, and to the Clerk or Clerks who may be employed in such Office as aforesaid; and the weekly Wages of each and every of the Labouring Land Coal Meters for such District 5 then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, and the said Mayor, Aldermen, <ind Commons, are hereby also directed and required to reduce the Sum or Sums of Money which are by this Act directed to

be

2?

Ovvp!js In i-l

t f ij.p.iiri t i K i n <> <.

M trvf Jhi ill ilie f...*in., oil

Oi: tt .ct.

\ \ 1 's

I H Id n: i,

m m, i > i

M n;

} I .lll, Still il Hf .*hmn,

Vv: i. i.,

K iii»11* wu*?h« pnrl P* rev M m

Coals, nidV bein'. xi ft Cogc i > rr, and fjtl < y t*

N 11'.:*, uf H ft

C.'.n. m xlc: '*

A.D. 1807. 47° GEORGII III. Sell*. 2.

If pi id for the Metag.?, Inspecti n, or Remeasurement of any C-wl? within the said City of Louden and the Liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock and Limeh-nfe H*de, in the County or j\I; dJtcjtx, to Inch tmm or bums of Money as shall be fufneient for such fevered Pu.'poles; and tt shall a'.d mav Lc lav. till to and fur the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons again to raise such S : n or Suns of Money to any Sum or Snir.s of Money, not exceeding the Sum or Sums granted by this Act, when and so often as it shall be uccessary for such sevend Purposes.

CXXVII.*And Whereas it would tend greatly to the Benefit of the Confirmer, and to the Prevention of*brairds and Impofuions, if Venders of or Dealers in Coals were rellricted from mixing Coals of different Sorts,

' except in certain Cases herein excepted be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be inv./jl to and for any Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, within the said Port of London, or within the said respective Cities of London and Wtjltninfler, or the respective Liberties thereof, or within such Part or Parti of the respective Counties of Middle/'ex, Surrey, Kent, and Essex, as is or are tituate within the Dilhince of Twenty-five Miles from the Royal Exchange aforesaid, to mi* or lay up in One Heap or Parcel, or cause to be mixed or laid up in One Heap or Parcel, in any Warehouse, Repository, or other convenient Place, or to loll or cause to be sold when mixed, all or any Two or more of the Nine Soits or Descriptions of Coals, called respectively. Wall's End Coals, Temple's Wall's End Coals, Hebburn Main Coals, Heaton Main Coals, Biggs Main Coals, South.Hebburn Coals, Willington Coals, Kiilingsworth Coals, and Percy Main Coals, and fuel) Nine sevend Sorts of Coals, or any Two or more of them, may be so mixed together in any Proportions what louver; but no such Coals, when so mixed or heaped together, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall, afiev the mixing thereof, be sold or Cent to any Purchaser or Purchasers unless such Coals be sold by Wharf M nifure, nor unleL Inch be sold and be described in the Vender's Ticket to be sent therewith, as and for and by the Name of " Bell Coals " mixed; " and if any such Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, shall fell or cause to be sold, or fend or cause to be 1'cnt to any Purchaser or Purchasers, any such Coals io mixed or compounded of all or any Two or more of the said Nine Sorts or Descriptions of Coals, or any Part or Parts of such Coals so mixed, by or as or for any other Measure than Wharf Measure, or without such Coals so fold or sent being fold and also described in the Vender's Ticket to accompany the fame, as and for and by the Name of " Bell Coals mixed, " then and in every such Case every such Vender or Dealer so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

CXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Vender or Venders of or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, within the said Port of London, or within the said respective Cities of London and Westminster, or the respective Liberties thereof, or within such Part or Parts of the respective Counties of MiLilefex, Surrey, Kent, and Essex, as is or are situate within the Distance of Twenty-live Miles from the Royal Exchange aforesaid, to mix or lay up in One Heap or Parcel, or cause to be mixed or laid up in One Heap or Parcel, in any Warehouse, Repository or other convenient Place, or to fell or cause to be sold, when mixed, all or any Two of the Three Sorts or Descriptions of Coals, called reflectively, Blythe Coals, Hartley Coals, and Coupen Main Coals: And it shall and may be lawful to and for any such Vender or Dealer to fell any such Coals, when so mixed, as and for and by the Name of any or either of such Three respective Sorts or which such Coals so fold shall be mixed or compounded.

CXXIX. And be it further enacted, That when the Coals laden on board any Lighter 01 Lighters, Barge or Barges, or other Craft or Crafts, lying at or near any Wharf or Wharfs, or other Place or Places, within the said Port of London, shall be so reduced in Quantity as that the Whole of the Coals contained in each and every one such Lighter, Barge, or Craft, shall not exceed Five Chaldrons, Wharf Measure, it shall and may be lawful toand for any Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, within the said Pint of London, or within the said respective Cities of London and Westminster, or the respective Liberties thereof, or within such Part or Parti of the respective Counties of 71 fiddlesex, Surrey, Kent, and Essex, as is or are situate within the Dillance of Twenty-five Miles from the Royal Exchange aforesaid, to mix and lay up, or cause to be mixed and laid up, from Time to Time, in One Heap or Parcel, in any Warehouse, Repository, or other convenient I lace, all or any of such remaining Parcels or Clearings of Coals, out of each and every or any of such Lighter or Lighters,

Barge or Barges, or other Craft or Crafts; but no such remaining Quantities of Coals, when so mixed or heaped up together, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall, after the Mixing thereof, be sold or sent to any Purchaser or Purchasers, unless such Coals be sold by Wharf Measure, nor unless such Coals be sold, and be described in the Vender's Ticket to accompany the fame, as and for and by the Name of tf Coals of different Sorts mixed; " and if any such Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, Audi mix or lay up in any Warehouse or other Repository, any Two or more remaining Quantities or Clearings of Coals out of any such Lighters, Bnrgrs, or other Craft, any or either of which remaining Quantities or Clearings shall exceed Five Chaldrons Wharf Measure; or if any such Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, shall fell or cause to be sold or sent to any Purchaser or Purchasers, any such remaining Coals so mixed and cleared out of any such Lighters, Barges, or ctherCraft, or any Part or Parts of such mixed Remainders of Coals, by, or as, or for any other M vfme than Vvharf Measure, or without such Coals so fold or fer.t being fold, and alto described in the Vender's Ticket to accompany the Line, as and for and by the Name of ii Coals of different Sorts mixed, " then and in every such Case every such Vender or Dealer so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds.

CXXX. And be it further enacted, That no such Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, 7^0 mflier within the said Port of London, or within the said respective Cities of London and Westminster, or the vefpcfHve lh»H be n.:cd. Liberties thereof, or within such Part or Parts of the respective Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Ke .7, and Essex, as is or are situate within the Dillance of Twenty-five Miles from the Royal Exchange aforesaid, fimll mix cr cause to be mixed for Sale, or shall knowingly fell, or cause to be sold when mixed, any Coals whatsoever of

O 0 2-Twt

Hartley, Blythe, anti Couptn Main Cowls maybe mixed together, and f.dd by cithrr of those Nuincf.

Clearings of*Coal Eargrs u hen reduced to Five C h ilcirt-jis, W ii u r f Me a lure, may be headed up and mixed tog ii ei in any Warehouse i

but rn* fame shall be sold by Whaif Me-'fwr, and described aj " C0.1l> of dilfe r ni Sorts mixed/* P^n.iUiry <m

Venders

difobty In-

C. lxviii

A(\ shall not pi event itoi ing up {liffVrrot S >ns of Culls in «i W, nenoufe in difnnvit Paicds.

Kd Coils fli-ill be toM except

by Wn.ii f

Me iJ'uif, or

without the true

Dclcrigion in

the Vendci'i

Ticket.

Prnviflons respecting Coal Shedi or \V are honied wi>oe Coals are fohl inQ.-. itMtics imj! CXecei^ing ll.r' a Cr. iltlion.

Court of AWkrrtKrt may

make K\ < I. S /' if.'Uhi C UlC

Mat ice:

s »eh Bvc Laws

(h »i! he approved , .nd aff .wed !/ (hi'-or nv.»r* of tl, t Judges.

47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2: A.D. 180-.

Two or more different Sorts, Names, or Descriptions, unless such Coala of such Two or more different Sorts, Names, or Descriptions, shall consist either wholly of Wall's End, Temple's Wall's End, Hebburn Main, Heaton Main, Biggs Mam, South Hebburn, Willington, Killingsworth, and Percy Main Coals, or wholly of some Two or more of such Nine Sorts of Coals, or wholly of Blythe, Hartley, and Coupen Main Coals aforesaid, or wholly of any Two of such Three Sorts of Coals, or otherwise wholly of Coals which shall have been cleared out of any such Lighters, Barges, or other Craft, whose respective Loadings shall have been each reduced, before the mixing thereof, to a Quantity not exceeding Five Chaldrons, Wharf Measure; and if any such Vender or Dealer shall mix or cause to be mixed for Sale, or shall knowingly fell, or cause to be sold when mixed, any Coals whatsoever of Two or more different Sorts, Names, or Descriptions, which Coals, when so mixed, shall not confill either entirely of Wall's End, Temple's Wall's End, Hebburn Main, Heaton Main, Biggs Main, South Hebburn, Willington, Killingsworth, and Percy Main Coals, or entirely of some Two or more of such Nine Sorts of Coals, or entirely of Blythe, Hartley, and Coupen Main Coals, orentirely of some Two of such Three Sorts of Coals, or entirely of Coals that shall have been cleared out of any such Lighters, Barges, or other Craft, whose respective Loadings shall have been each reduced, before the mixing thereof, to a Quantity not exceeding Five Chaldrons, Wharf Measure, then and in every such Case such Vender or Dealer so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

CXXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be taken or continued to extend, so as to hinder or prevent any such Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, within any of the several and respective Limits of this Act, from laying or storing up for Sale in any Warehouse or Repository, or other convenient I lace, any Quantities whatsoever of Coals, of as many different Sorts; Names, or Descriptions, as he, she, or they shall respectively think fit, provided such different Sorts, Names, or Descriptions of Coab be respectively laid and kept in such Warehouse or other Repository in separate and distinct Parcels, and wholly unmixed, and provided no such Coals be sold by any other than Wharf Measure, or without the Hue Name or Names of every or any of such Sorts of such Coals as shall be sold and sent from any such Ware-house or other Repository being expressed in the Vender's Ticket to be sent therewith to any Purchaser or Purchasers; and if any such Vender or Venders, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, shall fell or cause to be sold, by any other than by Wharf Measure, any Coals out of any such Warehouse or other Repository, in which Two or more different Sorts of Coals maybe so ffored or deposited, or shall not insert, or cause to be inserted, in the Vender's Ticket to be sent with such Coals, the true Name or Names of each and every Sort of such Coals as shall be sent from or out of any such Warehouse, Repository, or other Place, to any Purchasir or Purchasers, then and in ever}' inch Cale, every such Vender or Dealer io offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds.

CXXXII. J ffovided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be conff rued to extend, so as to hinder or prevent any Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, within the several and respective Limits of this Act, who shall keep any Coal Shed, Shop, or Warehouse, where Coals shall be sold in Quantities not greater than Half a Chaldron, and where no Cvjals shall ever be sold in any Quantities exceeding Half a Chaldron, from mixing or heaping up together, orcaufingto be mixed or heaped together, in such Shed, Shop, or Warehouse, any Quantity or Quantities whatsoever, of any and as many different Softs, Names or Descriptions of Coals, as he, she, or they fr.all respectively think fit, or from felling or causing to be sold such Coals when so mixed: Provided nevertheless that inch Coals when so mixed stir.il be sold as and for and by the Name of " Mixed Coals, ' and shall not be sold in any Quantities exceeding Half a Lhaldron, nor shall be sold at any other Place than at the Shop, Shed, or Warehouse, where the same shall have been so mixed.

" This Act not to prevent the Sale of Coals mixed at any Time before 1st September j8o/, } 133.

CXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Court of Lord Mayor and Ald*rrirm of the wity of LciuLm, from Time to Time, to make, ordain, and establish such Orders, Rules, and Eye Laws, and from Time to Time to amend, alter, or repeal the fame, or any of them, for the regulating, governing, and mamging the f.iid Market, and all Erections, Buildings, Works, Matters, and Things thereunto belonging, and a ill* for the regulating of all Officers to be employed in such Market, dnd aff other Persons comug thereto or tr.edhhinir any BuimeD therein, ns to the said Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen shall foem juit : ck1 re; ?fomb!e; and; >]so from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, to repeal, amend, and alter such Rules, Orders, aid Bye Laws, and alto to fix and app' int certain reasonable Penalties or Forfeitures foi the Nan* observ tnce or Non-performance, or other Brea: I) cf any such Rule, Order, or B» e Law, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds for any one Offence; and all such penalties and Forfeitures shall and may be recovered by such Ways and Means as any other Penalties or Forfeitures may be recovered by virtue of tin's Act: Provided always, that no such Rule, Order, or Bye Law, be repugnant 10 or inconfiiient with the Laws of that Part of the IT nVd Kingdom called En^Ltn /, or contrary to the Directions and Provisions in this Act contained.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That no such Order, Rule, or Bye Law, shall be good, valid, or effectual, nor shall any such Order, Rule, or Bye Law be amended, altered, or repealed, favc and except such Order. Ruff, or Bye Law, or any Amendment, Alteration, or Repeal of any such Order, Rule, or Bye Law, shall have been submitted to, and allowed and approved of, from Time to Time, by the Lord High Chancellor of (r cat Britain, the Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal, the Lord Chief Justice and the Relt of the Justices of the Court of King's Bench, the Lord Chief Justice and the Rcll of the Justices of the Court of Common Pleas, and the Lord Chief Baron and the Rcll of the Barons of the Court of Exchequer for the Time being, or any One or more of them, who aic and is hereby empowered and required, on Request from Time to Tine to them or him made by or on Behalf of the said Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen, to peruse and examine ad such Orders, Rules, or Bye Laws, as shall from Time to Time be made, amended, altered, or

repealed,

47° GEORGII III. Self. 2.

CAxviii

A.D. 1807.

285

repealed, by the said Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen, in pursuance of this Act, and laid before them or him the said Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commiiuouers of the Great Seal, the Lord Chief Justice and the Red of th^ .1 till ices of the Court of Kind's Bench, the Lord Chief Justice and the Red of the Justices of the Court of Common Picas, and the Lord Chief Baron and the Kell of the Barons of the Court of Exchequer for the Time being, or any One or more of them, and to alter and amend all such Order*, Rules, and Bye Laws, or any of them, and to allow and approve of, or disallow and disapprove of the fame, or any Part thereof, or to allow and approve of, or to diiallow or disapprove of the Repeal of the Whole or any Part thereof, as to them or him shall from Time to Time leem proper and expedient, and for doing thereof no Fee or Reward shall be paid or taken.

CXXXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nil such Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws, so to be from B; c Lius fluff Time to Time tr.pdc, altered, amended, or repealed, by the said Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen, shall be f'c po-urdand printed, and such Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws, and the several Alterations and Amendmends made therein, and imW»dwd. the Repeal thereof respectively, shall also be made public in such other Manner as the said Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen shall think proper, and shall from Time to Time order and direct.

CXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Aldermen, Mayor, &c. and Commons, in Common Council assembled, from Time to Time to appoint One or more Committee or cwp.jweicd to-Committees to manage and tranlaft nil or any of the Matters or Purposes, which they the said Mayor, Aldermen, p>*>nl|l^, rect and Commons, ill Common Council assembled, are hereby authorized and required to do, execute, or perform, om, n, ecs* which Committee or Committees so to be appointed shall have fuel) or so much of the Powers and Authorities by this Act given to the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall think lit or proper to delegate to such Committee or Committees.

CXXXVIII. Provided neverthelei's, and be it further enacted, That if any Person, being a Member of any perr. n» such Committee, shall be directly or indirectly interested or concerned in any Contract which shall be made or 1 mere fled nor entered into by or on Behalf of such Committee, for or concerning any of the Works to be performed or done in c 'S, b, c. 10 , uch pursuance of this Act, or for or concerning any Materials to be used or employed therein, every such Contract Cymn, i: ice'* shall be void, and the Person who, being a Member of such Committee, shall be so interested or concerned, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same.

CXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Committee or Committees so to be appointed shall and may, pfrfongnot free and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from Time to Time, to employ any lit Person or Persons, Of the ciry m>1y whether free of the City or not, in or about any of the Works, Matters, or Things, which they shall cause to be employed, b; performed or done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, and to contmft for the doing and Performance of such Works, Matters, and Things, or any of them, with any Person or Persons, in such Manner as the said Committee or Committees shall think fit; and that no Person or Persons who shall be so employed or contrafted. with, in, about, or for any of the Purposes of this Act, nor any Person or Persons to be set to work by or under thrm, or any of them, shall, for any Act done or to he done in or about the Premises, be subject or liable to any Action, Indictment, or Information, upon the Statute made in the Fifth Year of Her Majesty Oueen.

Elizabeth^ intituled, An Act containing divers Orders for Aritfice j, Labourers, Servants of J/u/bandry, and $ Elizi c. 4. Apprentices^ or be liable to be sued for any Breach of the Custom of London, or for any Penalty inllifted by any Bye Law of the said City.

All Securities shall be entered in a Book by the Chamberlain* to which all Persons entitled to Annuities, See.

" shall have access without Fee, §140 — The Chamberlain shall keep the Books provided under the recited*

" Asti of the 43 and 44 G. 3. §14': . — Chamberlain shall keep Accounts of Receipts and DiiburfemenU, of the

Duty on Coa s. Cinders, and Cuhn, §142.

CXLIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons shall, Once in each The City shall and ever/ Year, or oftener if required, lay before both Hous s of Parliament an Account of the Produce of the said Duty of One Penny per Chaldron or Ton, hereby granted and made payable upon Coal, Cinders, and Culm, Duty, &c. before and also of all Receipts and Disbursements received or paid for or on account of the said Market, and also an Parliament. Account of the Quantity of Coals fold in each and every such Market, and of the Prices thereof.

M Chamberlain shall keep Account of Receipts and Difburieinents on Account of the Metage Monies, §. 144.

CXLV. And be it further enacted, That the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, shall, Once in each Accountsrhfreof and every Year, or oftener if required, lay before both Houses of Parliament an Account of Monies to be shall also be laid received by virtue of this Act in respect of the Metage, Inspect'.on, or RemeaLrement of any Coals within t

such lad mentioned Didrift, and also of all Disbursements paid for or on account of the said Land Coal ar iament* Meter*a Office for such District.

CXLVI. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures by this Act, or by virtue of Fine$and the Po wers and Authorities thereof imposed (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby Penaitict not otherwise directed), not exceeding Twenty Pounds, shall be iued lor within One Calendar Month after the ^wrm^Piind*

O.T'.ice or 0Luces committed; and all such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, shall be levied and recovered may be recovered' Before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County. City, or Place, where the Offence shall be committed; before a Justice and such Jihiice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required, upon Information or Complaint to °l 'he Pe.ice. him or them made, to grant a Summons or Warrant to bring hetore him or them such Offender or Offenders, at the Time and Place as shall be in such Warrant specified, and if on the Conviction of the Offenders respectively, either on his, her, or their Confession, or on the Evidence of any One or more credible Witness or Witnessrs upon Oath, (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to administer), such.

Fir.e, Pe.alty, or Forfeiture, shall not be forthwith paid, the same shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the

1 Goods

2 86

<7.1

win.

47° GEORGII III. SciT.2.

A.D. 180;

Appra! tc 1 tie Vua»n: r bcluun*.

Fnr summ nin^ 'WiLlUllcS.

T, -n..Uv on iVrluDS puilty of perjury.

Rccovcty of Penalties above 2q\ in Cauit* of Rccotd.

D fltefs not to be unb-tWul for w-'iito

nor the f'a.t cs damtfi

TrespafTcr* ab m.t.o.

(Joods a/; \ Chattel:; of the Offender<or O(Tentier?, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of Just ice or .LfTai* and the Overplus of the Money if any) raised by stich Difiivfs ami Sale, after dcdndLng the fine, pnvdty, cr So.fe'tme and the: CotH and Charges of making such Didrcls and Sale, shall be rendered to the Owner of the Goods and Chattels so d lit rained; and for want of Dillrels, or in calc the Vine, Penalty, or Fcrritm*, du'l not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful to and for inch J nil ice or Justices to amim 4 .v/; v loch Oilee.der to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the (Jounty, City, or Plice where the Olka.'* shall be c<. mmitted, there to remain, without Bailor Mainpri/.e, for any Time not exceeding Six Cl.ubr Months, unless such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery ih.r-i: , shall be sooner paid; and One Moiity of all such Fines, Penalties, and Foiieitiucs, when paid, shall ga tu tiw Informer, and the other Moiety shall go to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, or shall be applied in such Manner, for carrying til's Act into Execution, as the Justice or Justices before whom such Convicuun hull take place shall direct.

CXLVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons so convicted by any Justice or Justices of the Peace as before mentioned, of any Offence or Offences against this Act, or against any Rule, Order, or Bye Law made in pursuance thereof, to appeal to the Justices of he Peace assembled at the next General Quarter Sessions or General Sessions to be holden for the County, City, or Place where such Conviction shall be made, on giving immediate Notice of such Appeal, and finding sufficient Security, to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justicea, for prosecuting the said Appeal with Effect, and abiding the Determination of the Court therein; and such Justices, in such General Quarter Sessions or General Sessions, shall hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal, and may cither confirm or quaft and annul the said Conviction, and award such Costs to either Party as to them the said Justices shall leem juil and reasonable; and the Decision of the said Justices therein shall be final, binding, and conclusive; and no Proceedings to be had or taken in pursuance of this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form only, or be removed by Ctrtiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at WeJhnwJIcr or elsewhere; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

CXLVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any such Juliiee or Justices of the Peace, before whom any such Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures shall be sued for, to summon before him or them any Person or Persons who shall, in or by the Complaint or Information made to him or them, appear to be a necessary Witness as to the Matters thereby charged, to appear before him or them at a Time and Place to be specified in the Summons; and in case such Person so summoned shall not appear according to such Summons, then, upon due Proof of the Service of such Summons in Manner aforesaid, such Person so summoned, and not appearing in Compliance therewith, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be levied and recovered in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as is herein-before directed as to other Penalties; and it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices, to cause such Person to be apprehended by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of such Juffcice or Justices, and to be brought before him or them, and thereupon, whether such Person shall appear upon Summons as aforesaid, or shall be apprehended as aforesaid, such Justice or Justices shall and may proceed to examine him or her upon Oath as to the Matter of such Complaint or Information; and in case such Person shall refuse to be sworn, or to answer or to give Evidence therein, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, to commit such Person so refilling to be sworn, or to answer, or to give Evidence as aforesaid, to the Common GaolorHouse of Correction of the City, County, or Place, in or for which such Justice or Justices shall then aft, there toremain for any Space of Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

CXLIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, upon his, her, or their Examination upon Oath before any Justice or Justices of the Pence acting in Execution of this Act, shall wilfully and cor-ruptly give false Evidence touching any Matter or Thing relating to this Act, or if any Person or Persons shall take or make any false Oath or Affidavit with respect to any Matter or Thing relating to this Act, every such Person so offending, and being duly convicted thereof, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pair?s and Penalties as, by any Law in force and effect, Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury an subject and liable to.

CL. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds, by this Act imposed, for any Offence or Offences committed against this Act, shall and may be recove eJ by Action of Debt. Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westmlrfe, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, or any more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed, by the Person or Persons who shall inform and sue for the fame, within Three Calendar Months after the Offence or Offences shall be committed; and one Moiety of all such Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, shall be to and for the Use of our Sovereign Lord the King, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof (together with Double Costs of Suit) shall be to and for the Use of the Person or Persons who shall inform or iue for the same.

CL1. And be it further enacted, That when any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor shall the Party or Parties making the same be deemed aTrefpasser or Trespasser on account of any Deleft or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or the Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser ab initio on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards committed by the Party or Parties distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage fuftaiaed in an Action on the Case.

G.

A.D. 1807. 47° GEORGII III. Sess. lxviii, 287

CLII. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Acts be it further enacted, Farm Tint every Just ice of the Peace, before whom any Person shall be conrt&ed of any Offence against this Act, CLuviAion.

shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up according to the following Formi videlicet,

4 T)E it remembered. That on the Day of in the Year of our Lord

4 D yj. B. is convicted before me One of His Majesty's

Just Ices of the Peace for the [Here specify the Offence and the Time and Place when and

where committed, as the Case may be] contrary to an Act of Parliament made in the Forty-seventh Year of the

1 Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [Here insert the Title of this Jt8\. Given under my Hand and Seal the Day and Year first above written. 4 C.D. '

CLIII. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action to be commenced Pontiff* i»*t )lt>r agai: »(l any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Notice in Writing shall have , ecmer b en given to the Defendant or Defendants, Twenty-one Days before such Action, signed by the Attorney for*Ur

the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause of such Action, nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any Amende such Action if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on the Bei.alf of the Defendant or Defendants before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she, or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceeding, Order, and Judgement shall be made and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

CLIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person r.i miUfinn of or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, after Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed; Action*, Six and every fich Action or Suit shall be brought and tried in the County or Place where the Cause of Action shall Munths* arise; and if any such Action or Suit shall be brought before Twenty one Days Notice shall have been given, Venue, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as,

[Double Costs.]

aforesaid, or shall he brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defeidant or Defendants, and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintitfs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his. her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Double Co(h, and have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant hath for Costs of Suit in other Cases by Law.-

CLV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take place, from and after the Fourth Commencement-Day of Qdolcr One thousand eight hundred and feveu. 'be A cl.

CLVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be puW-R^judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

The SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

PAYMENTS payable to the Deputy Sea Coal or Ship Meters, by Ship Owners, Coal Buyers, or Dealers.

By the Ship Owner or 0 zvners

The Sim of Three Shillings per Twenty Chaldrons for working at the Vat, and so on in Proportion for any jpeater or Ms Quantity.

T!ic Sum of Three Shillings per Day for every Day that the Meters shall be on board of any Ship or Vessel for the Purpose of measuring Coals thereout, in lieu of Provisions and Drink.

The Sum of Ten Shillings and Sixpence for travelling Expences, when employed in the Admeasurement of Coah in any Ship or Vessel below Greenwich, in the County of Kent.

The Sum of One Guinea, upon the Delivery, for each and every Ship or other Vessel, in the Room of all Allowances in Coals, and all other Gratuities, by or on the Behalf of the Ship Owners.

By the Buyer or Buyers of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals.

Formaking out and delivering to him, her, or them, or his, her, or their Servant or Servants, Agent or Agents, a general Bill or Account of the Coals admeasured or delivered out of any Ship or other Vessel, on the Account of any Buyer or Buyers, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, for each and every such Bill or Account, the several Sums following; that is to say: The Sum of Three-pence for any Quantity of Coals Ids than Fifty Chaldrons, specified therein; the Sum of Sixpence for any Quantify of Cods specified therein equal to Fifty and less than One hundred Chaldrons; and the Sum of Nine-pence for any Quantity of Coals specified therein, equal to One hundred Chaldrons and less than Two hundred Chaldrons; and for Two hundred Chaldrons and any greater Quantity, the Sum of One Shilling.

Cap. lxix.

An A<ff for enlarging the Term and altering the Powers of several Acts for the Maintenance and Repair of the Harbour of Dover, in the County of Kent.

[8th August Jbo; .]

u Former Acts, I j and 12 IK. 3. c. 5. — 2 ai.d 3 /lime, c. 7. — 4 G. I c. 13. — 9 G. I. c. 30. — 31 G. 2. c. 8. —

" 26 G. j. e. II. continued for the Term by this Act granted, §1. (Yre §28.) — Certain Tonnage Rates granted u to be taken by the Warden, See. of the Harbour of Dover, §2, 3. — Rates payable only once in a Year, b 4. u — Aff not to extend to King's Ships, §5. — The Rates shall be paid by Foreign Ships, §6. — Rules for " enforcing and collecting the Rates, §7, la.

288 C.lxix, lxx. 47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. A.D. 1807.

Accounts th.iU be vcarly Uid b< fore l'.tiiiamcnr.

(bill not in future quit Siiij- S at C5; i\citrd xvi.h ut Rave f Caprnip, < r until another Pilot omes on board.

Rales of

Pilotage to Gnvefenct, the Nore, and the

Med uay.

XIII. And be it farther enact'd, That the said Warden or his Lieutenant, and the other Affiflar.ts of the said Harbour, and thrir Successors, shall yearly lay before each House of Parliament, a true Account of the Receipt and Application of all Monies which shall be received by the said Warden or his Lieutenant, and the AHistants of the said Harbour, and their Successors, by virtue of this Act.

Power to borrow Money, on Security of the Rates, §14, 18.. — Recovery and Application of Penalties, " §9, &c. — Public Act, §27.-^Continuance of Act Twenty-one Years, &c. from the End of the prefer* 44 Session of Parliament, §28.

Cap Ixv.

An Act to revive and continue for Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, so much of several Acts passed as relate to the better regulating of Pilots for conducting Ships and Vessels from Dover, Deal, and the I fit of Thanet, up the Rivers of Thames and Medway, [^th r.ugujl i8cy.]

Recital of % G. 1. c. 13. amended by 7 G, I. c. 21.; (continued by 10 G. 1. c. 17. 5 8 G. 2. c. 21.; 23 G. 1, 44 c. 26.; 4 G. 3. c. 12.; iSG. 3*f. 45.; 32 G,; ) and amended by 43 G# 3, c. 152.; further continued

for Seven Years, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, § I.

II. 4 And Whereas great Delays and Loiles and great Prejudice to Trade will arise, if Pilots belonging to Dover, Deal, or the Isle of Thanet, taking Charge of Ships or Vesselsi nto the River Thames or Medway,

are allowed to quit any Ship or Vessel before the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel at the Place of her Delhnation,

4 in the Thames or Medway; be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Expiration of Twelve Months next after the passing of this Act, if any Pilot belonging to Dover, Deal, or the lyte of I band, taking Charge of any Ship or Vessel into the Thames or Medway, shall quit such Ship or Vessel at Gravesend, or in any other Part of iUzThamcs, or in any Part of the Medway, before such Ship or Vessel shall have arrived at the Place to which such Ship or Vessel is bound in the said River Thames or Medway respectively, without the Confeat of the Captain, or unlcf* or before any other Pilot shall come on board to take the L barge and Conduct of such Ship or Vessel, every such Pilot shall forfeit for every such Offence all Pay or Reward to which he might be entitled for having conduced or piloted such Ship or Vessel into the River Thames or Medway.

During the said Twelve Months Pilots may take the Rates in this Act contained, §3.

IV. 4 And Whereas it is expedient to grant higher and greater Rates and Prices for Pilotage, and at the same Time to prevent any exorbitant Demands for Pilotage; be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Twentieth Day of Slugujl One thousand eight hundred and seven, the following Rates or Prices, and no greater or other Rate or Price, shall be demanded and taken by Pilots of or belonging to Dover, Deal, or the Ip of Thanet, for the piloting or conducting of Ships and Vessels from Dover, Deed, or the Isle of Thanet, to any Place or Places in or upon the said River of Thames or Medway; (that is to say),

For the piloting or conducting any Ship or Vessel from Dover, Deal, or the Isle of Thanet, to Gravesend on the River Thames, to the Nore or to Sheerncfs and Stangate Creek, or other Parts of the River Medway, the Rates and Prices following, and no greater or other Rates or Prices; (that is to say),

For all Vessels drawing less than Seven Feet Water, Five Pounds:

For every Ship or Vessel drawing Seven Feet Water, Five Pounds and Five Shillings:

For every Ship or Vessel drawing Seven Feet and a Half Water, Five Pounds Twelve Shillings and Sixpencs: For every Ship or Vessel drawing Eight Feet Water, Six Pounds:

For every Ship or Vessel drawing Eight Feet and a Half Water, Six Pounds Seven Shillings and Sixpence:

For every Ship or Vessel drawing Nine Feet Water, Six Pounds and Fifteen Shillings:

For every Sliip or Vessel drawing Nine Feet and a Half Water, Seven Pounds Two Shillings and Sixpence: For every Ship or Vessel drawing Ten Feet Water, Seven Pounds and Ten Shillings:

For every Ship or Vessel drawing Ten Feet and a Half Water, Seven Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Sixpence: For every Ship or Vessel drawing Eleven Feet Water, E: ght Pounds and Five Shillings:

For every Ship or Vessel drawing Eleven Feet and a Half Water, Eight Pounds Twelve Shillings and Sixpence; For every Ship or Vessel drawing Twelve Feet Water, Nine Pounds:

For every Ship or Vessel drawing Twelve Feet and a Half Water, Nine Pounds Seven Shillings and Sixpence: For every Ship or Vessel drawing Thirteen Feet Water, Nine Pounds and Fifteen Shillings:

For every Ship or Vessel drawing Thirteen Feet and a Half Water, Ten Pounds Two Shillings and Sixpence: For every Ship or Vessel drawing Fourteen Feet Water, Ten Pounds and Ten Shillings:

For every Ship or Vessel drawing Fourteen Feet and a Half Water, Ten Pounds Seventeen ShillingsandSixpencfi: For every Ship or Vessel drawing Fifteen Feet of Water, Eleven Pounds and Five Shillings:

For every Ship or Vessel drawing Fifteen Feet and a Half Water, Eleven Pounds and Twelve Shillings ar.il Sixpence:

For every Ship or Vessel drawing Sixteen Feet Water, Twelve Pounds:

For every Ship or Vessel drawing Sixteen Feet and a naif Water, Twelve Pounds Seven Shillings and Sixpence: For every Ship or Vessel drawing Seventeen Feet Water, Twelve Pounds and Fifteen Shillings:

For every Ship or Vessel drawing Seventeen Feet and a Half Water, Fourteen Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Sixpence:

For every Ship or Vessel, drawing Eighteen Feet Water, Fifteen Pounds and Six Shillings:

For every Ship or Vessel drawing Eighteen Feet and a Half Water, Fifteen Pounds and Fourteen Shillings: For every Ship or Vessel drawing Nineteen Feet Water, Sixteen Pounds and Thirteen Shillings:

For every Ship or Vessel drawing Nineteen Feet and a Half Water, Twenty I "bunds Nine Shillings and Sixpence: And for every Ship or Vessel drawing Twenty Feet Water, Twenty-one Pound*.

For

ie

A.D. 18c7- 470 GEORGII III. Sess.2. CMxx, lxxi. 289

For the piloting orconducting any Ship or Vessel up the Hirer Thames beyond Gravesend as far as Long Reach on the River Thames, the Rates and Prices following* and no greater or other Rates or Prices; (that is to say )

For every Ship or Vessel drawing not more than Ten Feet Water, Ten Shillings and Sixpence:

For every Ship or Vessel drawing from Ten and a Half to Twelve Feet Water, Fifteen Shillings:

For every Ship or Vessel drawing from Twelve and a Half to Fourteen Feet Water, Seventeen Shilling* and Sixpence;

For every : >hip or Vtfiel drawing from Fourteen and a Half to Sixteen Feet Water, One Pound and One Shilling: For every Ship or Vessel drawing from Sixteen and a Half to Eighteen Feet Water, One Pound Eleven Shillings and Sixpence:

And for every Ship or Vessel drawing from Eighteen and a Half to Twenty Feet Water, Two Pounds and Two Shillings.

The above Rates or Prices to be in Addition to the Rates or Prices allowed by this Act for the Pilotage of any such Ships or Vessels from Dover, Deal, or the JJle of Thanet to Gravesend.

Fertile piloting or conducing any Ship or Vessel up the River Thames beyond Gravesend, and also beyond Long Reach upon the P iver Thames, to Blackball and London, the Rates and Prices following, and no greater or other Rates or Prices:

For every Ship or Vessel drawing not mere than Ten Feet Water, One Pound and One Shilling:

For every Ship or Vessel drawing from Ten and a Half to Twelve Feet Water, One Pound and Ten Shillings: For every Ship or Vessel drawing from Twelve and a Half to Fourteen Feet Water, One Pound and Fifteen

Shillings:

For every Ship or Vessel drawing from Fourteen and a Half to Sixteen Feet Water, Two Pounds and Two Sh Dings:

For every Ship or Vessel drawing from Sixteen and a Half Feet Water, to Eighteen Feet Water, Three Pound* and Three Shillings c

And for every Ship or Vessel drawing from Eighteen and a Half to Twenty Feet Water, Four Pounds and Four Shilling*.

Rates of Pilotage from Gravetend to Long Reach.

R ites of Pilotage fram Gravesend to bUckwjll and London.

The above Rates and Prices to be in Addition to the Rates and Prices allowed by this Act for the Pilotage of any such Ship from Dover, Deal, and the Isle of Thanet, to Gravesend.

V. Provided always, and be it further etiaded, That every Pilot of or belonging to Dover, Deal, or the Isle Rate of of Thanet, who shall take Charge of and conduct any Ship or Vessel into Ramsgate Hathour, shall be entitled and for

mail receive for such Pilotage at and after the Rate of Five Shillings fur every Foot of the Draught of Water carry'1K a Ship of the Ship or Vessel To piloted and coududed by him into Ramsgate Harbour, if such Ship or Vessel shall have Harbour!* been To piloted and concluded into Ramsgate Harbour in moderate W eather; and if such Ship or Vessel shall have been so piloted or conducted into Ramsgate Harbour under any Circumstances of Distress, then such Pilot shall be entitled to such Sum of Money, to be calculated according to the Extent and Circumstances of such Distress, as the Commissioners of Salvage established under the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports shall upon Application either of the Pilot or Owner or Mailer of any such Ship or Vessel, upon enquiring into all such Circumstances, direct; and such Commissioners shall and they are hereby required upon any such Application made to enquire into all such Circumstances, and to determine the Amount of the Sum so to be paid for the Pilotage of any such Ship or Vessel into Ramsgate Harbour, without any Fee or Reward for so doing.

VI ( And Whereas Ramsgate Harbour hath become much frequented 3s a Port of Safety, and Ships and Pibrj shall be

Vessels lying in or failing through the Downs, being near to Ramsgate Harbour, are oftentimes compelled to as*

run for Ramsgate Harbour; and it is therefore necessary that all Pilots of or belonging to Dover, Deal, or the s^p^jnt'o*

1 Isle of Thanet should be able and should be compellable to pilot and conduct Ships and Vessels into Ramsgate Ramsgate

Harbour in case of Necessity or Dill refs, and that all such Pilots should therefore be examined as to their Harbour.

' Abilities to conduct Ships or Vessels into Ramsgate Harbour be it therefore enacted, That all Pilots of or belonging to Dover, Deal, or the Isle of Thanet, shall qualify themselves, and shall be examined as to their Qualification and Ability to conduct any Ship or Vessel into Ramsgate Harbour; and that all Pilots of or belonging

to Dryer, Deal, and the Isle of Thanet, shall be obliged to pilot any Ships or Vessels under their Care or Conduct into A\ mfgate Harbour in all Cases in which it may be expedient for any such Ships or Vessels to take Shelter or go into the said Harbour; and if any Pilot of or belonging to Dover, Deal, or the Isle of Thanet, shall refuse P.nalry r# totake Charge of or conduct any Ship or Vessel under his ('are, or of which he shall have the Charge as a Pilot, Ntglcct. into Ramsgate Harbour, in any such Calc as aforesaid, such Pilot shall forfeit all Pay and Reward to which he might otherwise be entitled, and be subject to such Fine or other Punishment for his Refusal to take Charge of or conduct such Ship or Vessel into Ramsgate Harbour as the Court of Load Manage (hailimpose or adjudge. u Not to extend to King's Ships, §7. — Publick Act, §8.

Cap. lxxi.

An Act for the Improvement of the Harbour of Tnys Congor, situated on the Coast of EJtonedd\ in the County of Carnarvon. [Mb August 1807.]

u William Alexander Madoeks Esquire, and his Heir* and Assigns empowered to make the Harbour, and to levy 4t certain Tonnage Duties and Duties on Goods imported and exported.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who shall at any Prrfoni rfcrtrojr. Time or'l ime3 hereafter, wilfully or designedly demolish, break down, damage, or set on fire the said Pier, ing the W..rks Quay, Whar, or any of the Works which shall be conflruded in, or which shall belong to the Lid Harbour, or Cullty Fciuny. 47 Geo. III. P p who

290

C.lxxi — lxxiv. 47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. A.D. 1807.

who (Kali wilfully do any Damage to any of the Shipping or Goods within the same, or who shall wilfully or designedly extinguish or put out anjf^f the Lights used in or belonging to the said Harbour, for the Safety and Protection of the Ships or other Vessels resorting to the fame, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony; and the Court by and before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried and convicted, shall nave Power and Authority to cause such Person or Persons to be transported for the Term of Seven Years; or, in Mitigation of Punishment, may award such Sentence' as the Law directs in Cases of Petit Larceny.

Cap. lxxii.

An Act for better supplying with Water the Inhabitants of the Pan (he 8 of Stratford Bow, otherwise Stratford le Bow, Scint John Hackney, Saint Mary Islington, Saint Matthew BethnAl Green, and several other Parities, Hamlets, Townships, and Places adjacent or near thereunto, in the Counties of Middlesex and Essex.

[8th Augvf 1807.]

" The Cpmpany of Proprietors of the East London Waterworks, incorporated. — Empowered to roakeWater' " works, at Stratford, Hackney, Islington, Newington, Tottenham, Spit alfelds, Ratclffe, &c. &c. — To supply 4< the fame with the Water from the River Lee.

Penalty on ck-H roying Work*, bugle Felony.

L. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall knowingly, wilfully, or maliciously break, throw down, damage, or destroy any Banks or other Works erected, made, or maintained by virtue of this Act, then and in every such Case every such Person shall be judged guilty of Felony, and the Court by and before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried and convicted shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person or Persons to be transported for the Term of Seven Years, or, in Mitigation of such Punishment, such Court may award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petit Larceny.

Saving of the Rights of the City of London, §51 — And of the New River Company, §53.

15 O. 3. C. 30.

Cap. lxxiii.

An Act to alter, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the several Parishes with the Hundred of Cosford\ except the Parish of Hadleigh % and also the Parish of PoJJlead, within the Hundred of Babergh, in the County of Suffolk. [tfth Augvf 1&07.]

Cat>. lxxiv.

Dublin Grand Julies required So nuke PresentmcM and AtUftrnent of live whole Amount f the

An Act for improving, and rendering more commodious, such Part of the County and County of the City of Dublin, asisfituate on the South Side of the River Anna Liffey, and Wed of His Majesty's Castle of Dublin; and for the Appointment of an Inspector of the Presentments and other Accounts of the County of the City aforesaid. £8th August 180; .]

" Former Irish Acts, viz. 31 G. 2. c. 19. — 33 G. 2. c. 1$. — 7 G. 3. c. 7. — 21 and 22 G. 3. c. 17.-23 and " 24G. 3. c. 31. — 26 G. 3. c. 32.-27 G. 3. c. 43. — 30 G. 3. c. — 36 G. v c. — 39 3- c. 53, — 40 G. 3.

44 r.61. confirmed and applied to the Execution of this Act, §1, 2. — Commissioners empowered to purchase Lands and take down Buildings, See. §3 — 9.

X. And whenever the said Commissioners shall have caused any Ground, or any House or Houses, or any Premises to be valued by a Jury in Manner by the said recited Acts, or One of them, directed, an authentic Copy of the Inquisition and Finding, signed by Three or more of the said Commissioners, shall on the Firit

Sitting-day of any Easter or Mi haelmas Term, belaid before the Court of King's Bench by the said Commissioners; and the said Court of King's Bench shall* in each and every such Case, charge the Grand Jury

of the County of the City of Dublin, and the Grand Jury of the County of Dublin, to meet in One Room, at

Vaiue of Gtouud a certain Time to be named by tl e Court; and it shall be then lawful for the said Grand Juries so assembW,

and Premises put chafed, to be raised by a Rate of one Shilling in, in the Pound, payable Half yeaily.

Trrsfiirer shall afTcis the fame accordingly.

Ill

xc

or any Twenty-four or more of them, and they are hereby required, to present the whole Amount of such Finding or Findings, so laid before them; and the Sum and Sums of Money so presented by such Grand Juries, shall be raised, levied, and colic died by Two equal Instalments, One Instalment in every Easter Term, and the other Instalment in every Michaelmas Term, on all and Tevery the Houses and other Buildings erected or to be erected, within the District of the Metropolis, and all such Instalreents fl ail be paid by all and every the Owners or Occupiers of such Houses and Buildings respectively; and for the better raising of the said Instalments, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Grand Juries so assembled, or any Twenty-four or more of them, and they are hereby empowered to present, rate, and assess on all such Houses and Buildings any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding One Shilling in the Pound in any One Year, on the Value of all such Houses or other Buildings, according to the Valuation by which such Houses and Buildings respectively are now, or hereafter may be, valued or rated* for or towards the Maintenance of the Watch Establishment of the said District; and every such Presentment, Rate, or Assessment, when so made, shall be signed by Twenty-four of such Jurors, and when so signed, shall be allowed by the Court.

XI. And be it further enacted, That from and after any and every such Preferment, the Treasurers of the Grand Juries of the County of the City of Dublin, and County of Dublin respectively, shall, after every* Easter and Michaelmas Term, afiefs without any further Preferment or Direction of any subsequent Grand Jury, the said Half-yearly Rate or Rates so presented as aforesaid, on the respective Owners and Occupiers aforesaid, and deliver the fame in Warrants to the Collectors herein after mentioned, and so from Time to Time until the whole Amount of the General Preferment shall have been raised, from which Time the la»nc respective Rate3 shall ccafe and be no longer payable.

C.lxxiv,

291

XII. And, to the End that the said Half-yearly Rates may be the more easily assessed upon the fa'ul Gr; md Juries Houses and Buildings, and their respective Owners and Occupiers, be it further enacted, That it shall lmN t.XcTn^e be lawful for the said Grand Juries of the County of the City of Dublin, and County of Dublin respect of a|'| h mfc* tively, of the Terra wherein any such Half-yearly Rate or Rates shall have been presented, by Requisitions in ami Buiidingi Writing, to be signed by their respective Treasurers, to require the proper Officer to furnish to the said respective 1*>1" <0 »>« Treasurer of the Grana Juries, within Twenty Days next after the End of such Term, true and correct Lids raled* of all Houses or other Buildings within the District of the Metropolis, which are or hereafter shall be liable to be rated, towards the Maintenance of the Watch Establishment of the said City; and also true and correct Rttums of the respective Valuations, according to which such Houses or other Buildings now arc or hereafter shall be rated, towards the Maintenance of the said Ellabliffiment, and also Yearly and every Year afterwards during the Continuance of any such Half-yearly Rate, by like Requisition, to be made Two Calendar Months before the Sitting Day of Easter Term, to require the said Officer to furnish to the said respective Treasurers, within Twenty-one Days before the Sitting Day of the said Eojler Term, true and correct Lids of all such Hotifesand other Buildings, within the respective Counties, as may have been valued under the Authority of any Act of Parliament for regulating the Peace Establishment of the said District, or of any other Law susbequent to the last Return made pursuant to this Act, together with a true and coitc& Return of all and every such Valuation; and the said proper Officer is hereby required to transmit to the hid respective Treasurers, at the respective Times aforesaid, such Lifts and Returns as aforesaid, verified by Affidavit: And if any such Officer or Officers shall refuse or neglect to transmit any such Lift or Return at any of the respective Times aforesaid, or to verify the same as aforesaid, then, and in every such Ca e, he and they shall, for each and every such Default, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt, or on the Case, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Dublin, to be brought in the Name of the Treasurer of the County of the City of Dublin, or of the County of Dublin, as the Case may be, and applied as Part of the Publick Money of the said County of the City, or County respectively.

Treasurers shall make the Rates by such Lifts, and deliver the same to Collectors, who shall colle£l and account for the fame, §13 — 22.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Grand Juries of the Allowance to County of the City of Dublin % from Time to Time to present such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think proper, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of One hundred Pounds at each Easter and Michaelmas Presentof Term, and to and for the Grand Juries of the County of Dublin, from Time to Time to preknt such Sum or Grand Juric». Sums of Money as they shall think proper, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Fifty bounds at each Easter and Michaelmas Term for their respective Treasurers and Secretaries, and in such Shares and Proportions, as the said Grand Juries shall think proper, in Consideration of the additional Labour, Trouble, and Expence of their said respective Treasurers and Secretaries, in making out the Lifts and Returns aforesaid, and also in drawing and entering the said Presentments, and making out Books for Collection.

inquisitions of Juries shall be enrolled in Chancery, §24. — Commissioners empowered to apply the Monies raised under the Act.'and to borrow Money on Security of the Rates, §25 — 32.

XXXIII. And, to the End and Intent that the Interest of the said Sum may be duly and regularly paid Rjrptving Half-yearly, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, lou-ieit of That the Secretary of the said Commissioners shall, on the First Sitting Day of every Easter and Michaelmas Monies by Term, lay before the Court of King's Bench the Amount of the Imereti due on said Securities, and the said

Court of King's Bench shall, in each and every such Case, charge the Grand Jury of the County of the City junC!, of Dublin, and the Grand Jury of the County of Dublin, to meet in One Room at a certain Time to be J named by the Court, and it shall be then lawful for the said Grand Jury so convened, or any Twenty-four Member* thereof, and they are hereby required to present the whole Amount of such Interest so laid before them, and such Interest Monies when so presented, shall be raised and levied on and out of all and every the Houses and other Buildings cre&ed or to be erected within the District of the Metropolis, and shall be paid by all and every the Owners or Occupiers thereof respectively in such and the like Manner, and according to the fame Mode of Assessment, and by such and the fame Ways and Means as is herein-before directed, with respect to the Presentments found on the inquisitions herein-before mentioned.

Treasurers shall afiefs such Rates accordingly; and the same shall be collected and applied to Payment of the said Interest, §34 — 36. — Commissioners empowered to dispose of Surplus Money, Ground, Materials,

&c. $ 37 — 40.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Grand Juries of the Allowance t# County of the City of DubTm, from Time to Time, to present such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall C<«.»* of think proper, not exceeding, in the Whole, the Sum of Twenty-five Poundr-at each Easter and Michaelmas Comnnfli m'r* Term, and to and for the Grand Juries of the County of Dublin from Time to Time to present such tfGnndJury. Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think proper, not exceeding, in the Whole, the Sum of Fifteen Pounds it each Easter and Michaelmas Term for the Clerk of the said Commissioners, in Consideratioa of the additional. f

Labour, Trouble, and Expences, he may be put to by the Provision* of this Act* iiftp, #, ?

XLII. And for the better and more regular auditing, not only the Accounts of the Treasurer of the , Udit the County of the City of Dublin, and the Accounts of the several Collectors who may be employed to collect Account! of the*the aforesaid Rates and Duties directed to be raised in pursuance of this Act, but also the Accounts of all Co'lcttor* of Collectors of Grand Jury Ccfs for the County of the City of Dublin, by Presentmenthe it enacted by Cefi^or^c the Authority aforesaid, That within Thirty-one Days after the passing of this Act, the Treasurer of the County of the

P p 2.County Cuy of Dubiia-

292 C.lxxiv. 470 GEORGII III. Sess. 2. A.D. 1807.

County of the City of Dublin, (Hall cause an Advertisement to be published in the DubTm Gazette, Sonifying tha [here fate the Name of the Foreman,] who was the Foreman, and the several Persons who were (worn Grand Jurors for the County of the City of Dublin, at Easter Term last, [here state the Tear,] shall assemble in the Grand Jury Room at the Court of King's Bench on the Day therein to be appointed, which Day shall be within Ten Days after the Date and publishing of the Advertisement, at the Hour of One of the Clock, to elect a fit and proper Person to he Inspector of the public Accounts of the said County of the City of Dublin; and the said Grand Jurors, or any Twelve or more of them, being so convened, shall accordingly proceed to cle&, by a Majority of Voices, a fit and proper Person to be such Inspector; and the Foreman, or, in his I

Absence, the Person who shall be highest in the Lift, attending, shall preikle; and if the Grand Jurors so I

attending shall happen to make an even Number, and are equally divided in their Votes, the Person presiding I

shall have a double or casting Voice, and immediately after the Election the Foreman or Person prefixing, shall

sign a Certificate that, pursuant to this Act, A.B. of was duly elected Inspector cf

the public Accounts of the City of Dublin, which Certificate shall be lodged with the Clerk of the Crown, to be kept amongst the Records of his Office; and the Person so elected, before he shall take upon him the Execution of the Office, shall make, before One of the Judges of the Court of King's Bench, the following Affidavit, which shall be deposited with the Clerk of the Crown, and shall be filed with the Certificate of his Election:

£ A.B. being elected to the Office of Inspector of the Public Accounts of the County of the City of Dublin,

4 do swear, that as long as I shall continue to be such Inspector, I will execute the Duties of that Office as by Law diie&ed, impartially, and to the bell of my Abilities, without Favour, Partiality, Hatred, or Malice.*

Duty of

XLIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Duty of the said Inspector shall be to receive

Inspector, in from the Caftner, or other Officer of the Bank of Ireland, an Account signed by the said Cashier, or proper examining Officer, which he is hereby required to give on Demand (fating the Balance in the Bank to the Credit of the^VMchcr», in8 bounty of the City of Dublin, on the Essoign Day of the preceding Term, and the Amounts of all Receipts laying the fame and Payments made subsequent to it; and which Account the Inspector shall compare with the Treasurer's before Grand Books and Vouchers, and having ascertained what Part of the said Balance belongs to the respective Parishes,

Jury, &c. such Inspector shall lay such Account before the Grand Jury, on the First Sitting Day of each Term, and shall

personally attend at the Court of King's Bench, on the First Sitting Day of each and every Term, if not prevented by Sickness or unavoidable Accident; and if so prevented, shall depute and fend in his Place a Person, for whom such Inspector shall be answerable, to receive all Affidavits to ground Preferments, which he shall examine, and report any Error therein; and such inspector, or other Person as aforesaid, shall examine all Affidavits, accounting for the Expenditure of Money, that shall have been delivered to the Grand Jury; and after having received from the Clerk of the Crown the Affidavits on which the Presentments accounted for were grounded, which the Clerk of the Crown is hereby directed to deliver each Term, on Demand, to such Inspector; and the said Itfpc&or, or other Person as aforesaid, shall annex them together, audit and compare them, and shall lay them, with all convenient Speed, before the Grand Jury, together with any Remarks that may occur to him, to be examined by the Jury, and to be allowed or disallowed by them; and all such Affidavits, together with the Presentments that the Grand Jury shall make, shall be laid before the Court of King's Bench, on the Sitting Day next but Two before die last Day of Term; and all such Accounts and Presentments shall be returned by the Clerk of the Crown to the Inspe&or, who shall, on or before the last Day of Term, produce to the Grand Jury engraven Drafts in the Form following, payable to the Persons who swore to the Expenditure of the Money, and whose Accounts were allowed, or to whom Money was presented to be paid, and which was allowed by the Court:

44 To the Governors and Company of the Bank of Irelands Pay to or Bearer, the Sum of*which place to the

ft Account of the County of the City of Dublin Term One thousand eight hundred

and , 44 C.D. Inspector of City Accounts.'

All which Drafts shall be signed by the Foreman of the said Grand Jury, and the lnfpcftor shall deliver such Drafts to the Treasurer of the County of the City of Dublin, to be by him given to the Person or Persons in whose Favour such Drafts respectively were drawn, on the proper Receipt of such Person or Persons in the City Book; and upon Delivery of the Drafts to such Person or Persons, the Treasurer shall cuunteriign them with his Name, and shall also specify therein the Day of the Month and Year; and every such Draft so drawn and countersigned, shall be to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, or their Cadiier, full and lawful Authority to pay the Contents thereof to the Drawer, or his or her Ord^r, out ci the Monies so as aforesaid to be paid into the said Bank, by the said Treasurer, on account and to the Credit of the said County of the City of Dublin.

Mode (.f patting

XLIV. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That in each Term, when the Treasurer of Tuafurei's the said City shall lay his Accounts upon Oath before the Grand Jury, he shall produce to the said Grand Jury Accounts before the Receipts of the Overseers whose Accounts were allowed, and also the Receipts of the several Persons to the Grand Jury, whom any Money was prefen ted to be paid, and which were allowed by the Court, or the Drafts of the Inspector, if the Monies for which Drafts respectively were drawn, have not been demanded; and at every lajltr and Michaelmas Term, after the accounting Affidavits, and the Presentments empowering any Cverfeer to expend any Sums 1. executing any public Work, shall have been fiated by the Court, the Inspector shall make out an Account fi*r the said City at large, in which the said Inspector shall make the said City the Debtor for the Amount of alUuch Sums as have been at former Terms accounted for, and that have not been demanded; and for the Amount of all Sumi (landing on the Quere Book the First Day of that Term, for the said City at large,

9 and

293

A.D. 1807. 470 GEORGII III. Se(T. 2. CMxxiv — Ixxvi.

and that may be accounted for, and for the Amount of all Sums that were presented and fiated that Term, and shall give the said City Credit for such Part of the Cash in the Bank as shall belong to the said City at large 5 and after having (truck the Balance, shall proportion it as near as may be upon the several Parishes, and shall in like Manner make out a separate Account for each Parish, adding to the Debit Side the Proportion of the Sum that the Parish is to pay, which was presented on the said City at large in that Term 5 and having (Iruck the Balance at the Bottom of the Account of each Parish, the Grand Jury, on the lall Day of Term, shall present those Balance* to be raised in the several Parishes, and shall at the same Time lay before the Court the several Accounts signed by the said 11.1 Deft or: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Court to fiat over and above those several Sums, all Anears that the Collectors shall return, and which the Grand Jury shall present to be levied on the Dillrid or Farifli where such Arrears became due, in addition to the Portion such District or Parish is to pay, of the Sum presented at that Term to be applotted; and the said lnf; >e&or shall, on the iaft Day of each Term, deliver to the Clerk of the Crown all such Affidavits and Accounts as he shall have received from the Grand Jury or the C'erk of the Crown, together with the City Accounts, that they may be preserved anio.igd the Records of the Office.

XLV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Death, Resignation, or Removal The Grand Juty of any Infp-dor of the public.* Accounts of the County of the City of Dublin, the Election of an Inspector shall nominate a to fill the said Office, so vacant, shall be made by the Foreman and Grand Jurors of the next preceding Easter newr , "fP€<stor or Muhaelmas Term, as it shall happen to be, after such Vacancy shall take place, and shall be made and certified ut °n acanclc* in the same Manner, and in the like Number of Days as is herein-before directed for the Election of an Inspector of the publick Accounts; and it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury at each Easter and Muhaelmas Allowance t Term, to present a Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, to be raised upon the County of the City of Dublin at mm by large; to be paid as a Salary to the Inspector of Accounts, so to be appointed, in Consideration of his Labour Presentment. and Trouble in the Discharge of the Duties of the said Offices Provided alwayR, that no Person acting as Inspector or Collector, under this Act, shall be capable of serving on such Grand Jury, during such Time as he shall be acting as such Inspector or Collector.

XLVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for the Providing Grand Jury of the County of the City of Dublin, to present and raise, in the usual Manner, on the said County Starionary for of the City of Dublin* from Time to Time, any Sum or Sums of Money, which they shall think reasonable and Publ, clc Use by proper, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds, at each Easter and Michaelmas Tuiy*

Term, for Printing-Work, Books, and Stationary, for the Use of the said County of the City of Dublin, and of the St (lions Court in the said City, and even/ such Presentment or Presentments shall be allowed by the Court.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall le(Ten or alter in any Saving for relpcd the Rights, Powers, Privileges, and Jurisdictions of the Chief Seneschal of the Courts of Record in all |urifditlion of Places within the Lordships, Manors, Hereditaments, Lands, Fees, and Liberties of the Precincts of the Cathedral Church of the Holy and Undivided Trinity, or of the Archbishopric of Dublin, or of the Cathedral Church of Saint Patrick, or of any Offices belonging to the said Com ts respectively, but that the Right; ,

Powers, Privileges, and Jurisdictions of such Scnclvhals respectively shall remain and be possessed and exercised by them, and each of them rcl'pedively, and their Successors in like Manner as if this Act had not been made.

Publick Act, §48.

Cap. lxxv.

An Act for paving, clea-.sing, lighting, and wr.'ching the Parish of Saint Michael in the Liberties of the City of Limerick, and adjoining the said City, and for preventing and removing the Nuisances therein

[8th August 1807.]

Cap. Ixxvi.

An Act for taking down the pMent Chv.reh, and providing a new Church and Church-yard, in the Parish of tVailfcnd, in the County of Nirihumltrland, and for rendering valid certain Marriages loltmnized in the said Parish while the present Church has been in a State of Decay.

[8th August 1807.]

Dean and Chapter of Durham empow^re 1 to grant to Trustees appointed under the Ad, the Sate of a New w Church, to be called I Pali's End Church \ after the Confrcration of the New Church no Banns of Marriage " shall be pubhthed, Maumee solemni/.ed, or publick lhptism performed in the Old Church, §23.

XL 111. ' And Whereas on Account of the ruinous St »tc of the said present Parish Church of IPallfend, Divine Certain M.ir-

Service could not be performed therein, but h th for soir.c dime pail been performed in a certain Koom at* oft-rrni zed ' IValljirdaforesaid, commonly called The Fdlry Rovn, and some Marriages have been foiemnized, and Banns

4 ot Matrimony j ublhhed therein by the ».nictating Ministero* the said Puriih Church for the Time being, u .der c )U^ch'^, in a 4 ?n erroneous Conception and Belief that such Marriages and Banns might lawfully befo foiemnized and publuhed Sun- of Dcoy,

respectively, in consequence of the ruinous State of the iaid arish Church be it further enact'd, That the declared valid, said Marriages so foiemnized, and Banns published, shall be as good and valid in the Law to all Intents and

Purposes whatsoever as if ttie fame had been solemnized and published respectively in the iaid Parish nurch.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the Ministeror Ministers who solemni/ed the said Marriages, and Nf.nifters who published 11 e said Banns of Matrimony respectively, shall be and he and they is and are tierebv indemnified agai.dtuif mmzcd inch the Penalties inflicted by a certain Ati of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of H'» late M-riMge* Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act., d for the better preventing of elandejlne Marriage; upon P» rions 1 »<tcmu»#icd. who (liallsolemnize Marriages in any other Place than a C hurch or publick Chapel in which Banns had been usually c»33' published before or at the Time of passing the said Act.

RpgiOevs of such MArri^gci Xbull He received m Evidence.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the Registers of the Marriages so folernnized as aforesaid, or Copies thereof, shall be received in all Courts of Law and Equity as Evidence of such Marriages, in the same Manner as Registers of Marriages solemnized in the said Parish Church of Wall fend, or Copies thereof, are received in Evidence; Provided nevertheless, that in all such Courts the fame Objections shall be available to the receiving such Registers or Copies in Evidence as would have been available to the receiving the lame as Evidence, if such Registers or Copies had related to Marriages solemnized in Parish Churches or Chapels in which Banns were usually published, before or at the Time of passing the said Act of the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second.

Cap. lxxvii.

An Act for erecting a Chapel on certain extra parochial Land called Standard Hill, near the Town of Nottmgb/m.

[8th August 1807.]

Cap lxxviii.

An Act for the more speedy and easy Recovery of Small Debts in the Soakes of Bolingbrooke and Homeaflt, and other Places, in the County of Lincoln. [bth August 1807.]

Acts 18 G. 3. c. 34.; 19 G. 3. c. 43. in Part repealed. — Jurisdiction of Commissioners under the present Act

- Record of Judgement may be removed into Supreme Courts, and Execution levied thereon with 20l. 4i extra Colls — (See ch. vii. of this Session.) Privilege not allowed to Attornies.

Cap. lxxix.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts in the Town and Borough of Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk, [8th August 1807.]

lt Jurisdiction ^5. — Extra Colls on Execution from Superior Courts to/. — No Privilege to Attornies.

Cap. lxxx.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Surrey Canal to complete the same.

/ [8th duguft 1807.]

u Company empowered to raise s£6c, oooo. in Addition to their Capital under former Act, 31 G. 3. " (U.K.)c.xxxi.

J+S.J. C. 78. C^.lxxxi.

40G.3. c.xxxvi. An Act to alter, amend, explain, and enlarge the Powers of the several Acts passed for making and maintaining 4& G 3 C^Rodxk*'* Canal Navigation.

[8th August 1807.]

Cap. lxxxii.

So* former Ash, An Act to authorize the Trustees of the River Weaver Navigation to open a more convenient Communication between the said River near Frodsham Bridge and the River Mersey, near Weston Pointy in the Township of Weston, in the County of Chester, and to amend Two Acts relative to the said River.

[8th August 1807.]

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, wilfully, maliciously, and to the Prejudice of the said Cut or Canal, break, thrown down, damage, or destroy, any Banks or other \Vorks, to be erected or made by virtue of this Act, or do any other wilful Hurt or Mischief, to obilrudl, hinder, or prevent, the carrying on, completing, supporting and maintaining, the said intended Cut or Canal, such Person or Persons shall be judged guilty of Felony, and every such Felou shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of r elony, and the Court by and before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried and convicted shall, and hereby have Power and Authority to transport such Felon for the Space of Seven Years, in like Manner as other Felons are directed to be transported by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

7 G. 1. c. 10. 33 c. 49.

Destroying the Wo«kj made

Cap. lxxxiii.

An Act for repealing several Acts, of the Thirty-third Year of King George the Second, and the Thirteenth and Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, for draining certain Fen Lands in the JJle of Elyf and Counties of Suffolk and Norfolk, near Mildenhall River, so far as relates to the several Lands in the First District therein defenbed, and for making better Provision for draining and preserving the said Lands.

[8th August iSoj.JFormer Acts 33 G. l. c. 32.; 13 G. 3. r. 20.; and 37 G. 3. c. 89. in Part repealed.

rftr»ying

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall at any Time or Times

Works, Fcto»y. hereafter wilfully and maliciously cut, burn, throw down, injure, damage, or destroy any Bank, Engine, Bridge, Floodgate, Tunnel, or Sluice, or any of the Works belonging thereto, made and erected, or which shall be making and erecting for the draining and improving the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, or any of them under the Authority of the said recited Acts, or any of them, so far as the same relate to the said First District therein mentioned, or of this Act, and shall be thereof lawfully convicted, then and in every such Case such Person or Persons shall be adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and be transported for Seven Years, or in mitigation thereof may be punished as the Law directs in Cases ot Petit Larceny.

Cap. lxxxiv.

An Act to regulate and improve the Cattle Market, to provide a Market House, and establish a Market for the Sale of Butcher's Meat and other Articles, and to make other Improvements, within the City of Chichesterj in the County of Sujfsex* [8th August 1807.]

Cap

A.D. 1807.

47 GEORGII III. Sess.2.

CAxxxv, 295

Cafi. lxxxv.

An Act for raising and fee u ring a Fond for the Relief of Widows and Children of Burgh and Parochial

School-masters in Scotland.

[8th August 1807.]

WHEREAS the Burgh and Parochial Schoolmasters of Scotland at their Decease often leave their Widows 4 W and Children in indigent Circumstances, and it is therefore expedient and necessary to raise a Fund 1 by individual and annual Contribution, under the Name of The Fund of the Burgh and Parochial School* a mailers of Scotland, 9 for the Relief of their Widows and Children but the fame cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament 5 may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That such Persons as are at the Time of passing this Act, Burgh or Parochial Schoolmasters in Scotland, and Contrii utori f

who, by a Writing under their several Hands, shall declare their Resolution to become Contributors' to the the Fund.

said Fund, shall be bound to make Payment to the General Cashier, or to the Collectora of the Fund, to be

appointed as herein after mentioned on or before the First Day of August immediately following the Date of passing this Act, or on or before the First Day of August immediately following the Declaration

of their Resolution to become Contributors, of the full Amount of the annual Rate or Payment applicable to the particular Class to which they may respectively have chosen to subject themselves in Manner herein after

mentioned, at«l of the like annual Rate or Payment on or before the First Day of August in every succeeding

Year, during their respective Lives, with legal Interest of the said Sums respectively, from the Time of their

becoming due till the Payment thereof, besides the full Costs which may be incurred in prosecuting for and

recovering the fame; but declaring that all such Persons as were either Burgh or Parochial Schoolmasters previous to the pamng of this Act, and whose Accession to the said Fund shall not be declared by a Writing under their

Hands, within the Space of Two Years after the passing of this Act shall be for ever excluded from the

Benefit thereof.

II. And be it enacted, That there shall be Five Classes of Contributors to the said Fund, vt % . the Contri- Rate of butors to the First or highest Class shall be liable in the annual Payment of the Sum of Five Pounds and Five Contribution. Shillings; those to the Second Class in the Sum of Four Pounds and Four Shillings; those to the Third

Class in the Sum of Three Pounds and Three Shillings; those to the Fourth Class in the Sum of Two Pounds and Two Shillings; and those to the Fifth or lowed. Class in the Sum of One Pound and One Shilling, of lawful Money of Great Britain respectively; it being optional to every Contributor to make Choice of the Class to which he wilshes to subject himself.

III. And be it enacted, That every Person who shall be appointed a Burgh or Parochial Schoolmaster, and Schoolmasters

every Inch Sclioolmader who shall be removed from one School to another subsequent to the passing of this Act, aPP»nttd alter shall, in consequence of his Appointment, or of Inch Translation, be held to accede to the Fund and be obliged be*

to contribute thereto according to one or other of the above mentioned annual Rates, and shall accordingly be Cjaiributort. bound to make Payment to the General Cashier or Collectors as aforesaid, of the full Amount of the annual Rate

or Payment, applicable to the particular Class to which he may chuse to subjedJiimfelf in Manner aforesaid, and that upon the Fird Day of August, which shall first happen Three Months after his Appointment or Translation, and of the like annual Rate or Payment on or before the First Day of August in every succeeding Year during his Life, with Interest and Expences as herein before mentioned; and in case any such Person shall fail to make Choice of the Class to which he means to subject himself within the same Period after his Appointment, he shall be held as acceding to the fourth Class, liable in the annual Payment of Two Pounds and Two Shillings, and rated accordingly.

IV. And be it enacted, That every Person acceding and becoming a Contributor to the Fund in Manner -

aforesaid, whether married or unmarried, shall be bound to make Payment to the said general Cashier or M-miage Collectors along with his first annual Contribution of a Sum equal to the Amount of the annual Rate he shall Payments, have adopted, in Name of Entry Money; and that if any Contributor shall, after his Accession to the Fund,

become a Widower and contract another Marriage, he shall for every such Marriage pay a Sum equal to his annual Contribution, on or before the first Day of dugujl immediately following such Marriage, with Interest and Expences, in case of Failure, in Manner as aforesaid; and those Payment*or Taxes in respect of Entry or Marriage shall be over and above the ordinary Rate for the Year in which he shall have acceded to the Fund, or shall have contracted such other Marriage; providing always, that no Person shall be liable in any such Payment or Tax for and in respect of his Marriage with the Widow of a former Contributor, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it enacted, That no twith (landing any Contributor's Resignation of, or Removal from, his Office Cjtuributur* or Appointment as Schoolmaster aforesaid, it shall be optional to him either to continue a Contributor or not as refi&uing thor be may incline; and in the Event of such Person continuing a Contributor and making regular Payment of the Office ni.*y Rates to which he may be liable as herein-before specified, his Widow and Children shall be entitled to the full Enjoyment of the Advantages arising from the Fund 5 but if the Contributor so coafingto beany longer one of lnc un<

the Burgh or Parochial Schoolmasters in Scotland shall give Intimation by a Writing under his Hand to the Collector to whom he paid his last Contribution, or to the Clerk to the Fund at Edinburgh, of his Intention of no longer continuing a Contributor to the said Fund, he shall after such Intimation be relieved from, and no longer held liable in Payment of, his Contribution; or if he shall fail or neglect to make Payment of the Lid Rates for the Space of Two Years, then and in either of these Cales he shall be held to have relinquished all the Advantages arising from the Fund, and his Widow and Children shall be for ever excluded from the Benefits to which they would have been otherwise entitled; declaring always, .that nothing herein contained shall be

COll ftl

296 CAxxxv.

47 GEORGII III. Sess. 2.

A.D. 1807.

p.ovision fur cnf >rcing the regular

Payment of the annual Rates.

Veiling and changing the Funds.

Application of ike Funds.

Rates of

Annuities to "Widows.

Widows

marying to lo |hc Be 1 fit of tkit: Fui.d. Provisi ns to

Cwilditn.

construed so as to affect the Interest of the Widow or Children of any Contributor to the Fund, who shall have become disabled through old Age> Infirmity, or Disease, to exercise the Duties or retain the Office of one of the Schoolmasters aforesaid.

VI. And be it enacted, That if any Contributor shall fail or neglect to make Payment of his annual Rate, or other Contribution, for which he may be liable as aforesaid, within the Space of Six Months after the fame becomes due, then, and in that Cale, the Collector of the Presbytery, within which he resides, is hereby ordered and required to issue a Writ, under his Hand, addressed to the Heritors of the Parish, the Magistrates of the Burgh, or other Persons liable in Payment of the permanent. Salary due to such Defaulter, as Schoolmaster, certifying the Amount of the Arrears due, and requiring them to make Payment thereof to the said Collector, and the said Magistrates, Heritors, or others shall, upon such Requisition, make Payment of the said Arreanp to the Collector, or of as much thereof as can be satisfied and paid out of the Salary then owing by them to the said Schoolmaster; and the Receiptor Discharge, to be granted by the said Collector for all such Payments, shall be a sufficient Acquittance to the Heritors, Magistrates, or other-, paying the fame; and it is hereby declared that the said Writ or Requisition shall be equivalent to an Arrest ment of the fame Date.

VII. And be it enacted, That the aforesaid annual and other Sums payable for the Benefit of the Fund as aforesaid, shall be veiled, in Trust, in the Name of the General Caftiicr of the Society for the Time, to be appointed as herein after directed, and his Successors in Office 5 and the Security to be taken for the Fluids of the Society, or any Part thereof, shall be taken in the Name of the said general Caftiicr and his Successors in Office; but no Money shall be lent, except upon heritable Security, and with the Advice and Consent of a Majority of a Meeting of the Trustees appointed as herein after mentioned; and upon the Repayment of any urns belonging to the Fund, the said general Cashier, with Advice and Consent aforesaid, ftrdl have Power to discharge, renounce, or convey the Securities for the fame, and to lend the Sums out again on new heritable Securities; but declaring nevertheless, that the said general Caftiier, with Coufent aforesaid, thall always have Power to invest the said Funds, or any Part thereof, in the Purchase of the Stock of the Bank of England, or of the Bank of Scotland, or of the Royal Bank of Scotland, or to lodge the fame occasionally on a Deposit-account at either of the two last mentioned Banks; as also, to f 11, dispose of or transfer the fame from Time to Time, as the aforesaid Trustees shall think proper, and to reinvest the fame in Stock, or upon heritable Security as aforesaid; and the said general Caftiier shall be obliged to lodge in the Bank of $ otland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, at Interest, all the Money collected or received by virtue of this Act, declaring that he shall never hold in his Hands above Twenty Pounds of the Money belonging to the said Fund.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the aforesaid annual and other Sums, payable for the Benefit of the Fund as aforesaid, shall be applied by the said general Caftiier, under the Authority and Direction of the Trustees herein after appointed, and their Successors in Office, to the Uses and Purposes after mentioned, viz. in the first lace, for Payment of the Annuities to Widows and Provisions to Children, as after mentioned, and in defraying the Expences to be incurred in the Execution of this Act; and in the second Place, for raising a Capital for the Purposes herein specified, to the Extent herein after declared and limited.

IX. And be it enacted, That there shall be paid to the Widow of every Contributor to the first or highell Class, an Annuity of Twenty-five Pounds per Annum; to the Widow of every Contributor to the second Ciafi, an Annuity of Twenty Pounds; to the Widow of every Contributor to the third Class, an Annuity of Fifteen Pounds; to the Widow of every Contributor to the fourth Class, an Annuity of Ten Pounds; and to the Widow of every Contributor to the fifth or lowetl Class, an Annuity of Five Pounds; which respective Annuities shall commence and be paid without Deduction on the first Day of September, which shall first happen one full Half Year after the Death of such Contributor for the Year preceding the said Period, and the same shall continue to be paid on the said first Day of September yearly, during the Annuitant's Life: Provided always, that the deceased Contributor, in consequence of whole Contributions the Annuity is due, shall have actually paid Ten Years Contribution complete, and the full Amount of his Contribution for all the Years above Ten he may hare been a Contributor to the Fund, and in case the said deceased Contributor shall not have paid Ten Years Contribution, and the full Amount of his Contribution for all the Years beyond that Period he may have been a Contributor, his Widow fti.i'l only have right to and be paid annually. One Half of the full Annuity due to her, until such Time as the Amount of the Contributions actually paid by her Husband, and the Deductions from her Annuity, when taken together, shall be equal to the said Ten Years Contribution, and the full Amount of his Contribution, for all the Years beyond that Period he may have been a Contributor; but the Widow shall not, in any Case be liable to make up more than the said Ten Years Contribution, and the Arrears of her Husband's Comributh n for the Years he may have been a Contributor beyond that Period, neither shall there be more deducted from her in any One Year than Half of her Annuity; and it is also provided, that the tVidow may if {he thinks proper, ' pay up at any Time such Balance of Ten Years Contribution, or Arrears of her Hullund's after annual Rates, as inav be then due, in order that (he may be entitled to draw immediately thereafter Payment of her full Annuity; and as soon as the Amount of the said Ten Years Contribution, and other after annual Rates has been in any of tiiefe Ways made go<.d to the Fund, - the Widow shall be entitled to and be paid the full Annuity due to her.

X And be it enacted That if the Widow of any Contributor shall enter into a Second or any succeeding Marriage, (he shall in consequence of such Marriage, forfeit and lose all Right and Title (he might have previously had to an Annuity from the Fund, and none such shall be paid to her.

XI. And be it e rafted, That if any Contributor, having a Child, or Children, shall die without leaving a Widow; or if his Widow shall ei.her die or enter into another Marriage, before theyoungeft of his Children, or only Child, shall have attained the Age of Fourteen Years, then and m that Case, such Children who shall be under the Age of Seventeen Years, shall be entitled; o receive annually the full Annuity due to the Widow of a

CoDtnbutor

47° GEORGII III. Se/T. 2.

C. lx xxv

29

A.D. 1807.

Contributor of his CLtfs (without any Pc luction in respect of the Father having been for a LL Period than Ten Years a Contributor to t!iC Fund) until such Time as the youngclt Child shall have attained the Age of Fourteen "Years complete, declaring that as soon as the younge/l Child shall have attained the fail Age, the ft\l Chillren, or Child, who shall be under the Age of Seventeen Years shall becntitlerl to One Half only of the said Annuity, until the youngest shall have attained the Age of Seventeen Years, and after that Period the f.'.i.l An/uitv shall forever cease and determine; and in like Manner, in the Event of any Contributor having Cuildivn, cr dying without leaving a Widow, or of his Widow either dying or entering i; ito another Marriage, after ins yout'ged Ciiild ff.d! have attained the Age of Fourteen Years but before attaining the Age of Seventeen Yea'.*, t*: en , viu in that Case, the f;d Children or Child above Fourteen, but under Seventeen Years of A: v, shall be f. titled to re«vlve auuu.'iliy the On: llaifot the Annuity due to the Widow of a Contributor of Itir. ClulA (without i! iv Dcduc un, in respevT of the IYiEt having been for a less Period than Ten Year* a Contributor to the Fund), u1 such Time as the yeiuigeft Child fl.nH have attained the Age of Seventeen Years, when the said Annuity f.H for ever and determine: I\ovided that in both or either of these Cases, the Father flr.ill have raid u; > li? fdi Contributions during his Life; aval d daring that in the Event of any Arrears being due by tin- Father, i-he la..ic ilial! he made good to the Fund by Retention, in Manner already provided for in case of Annuities payable to Widows themielws; and which respective Annuities or Provisions shall be accordingly paid to the said Enid or Children, on the lirll Day of September, which shall first hap en one full Half Year after their Father's Death; and the fame shall continue to be raid to them on the /HI Day of September yearly thereafter, until the your, gc!i Child Pauli have attained the Ages reflectively before specified; and in all Cases where there arc no Tutors and Curators, or Trailers legally authorized to manage the Affairs of the said Children or Child, the Contributors to the Fund, who re'; de within the Pie/bytery wherein the said Children have their Abode, ffn; l appoint Two or more of their Number to lay out and apply the Paid Annuity in such equitable Manner, and 'according to such Proportions as may to them appear moll for the Benefit and Advantage of such Child or Children.

XII. And be it enacted, That every Receipt from an Annuitant shall have annexed to it an Attestation, c, r,; f, vrj r9 dated on or after the Day on which the Annuity becomes due, signed by the Minister and Two Flders of the n- a tl> lCnm in which fr.ch Annuitant shall retide, bearing that at the lame Date, such Annuitant appeared personally tru R.<npr More the Subscribers, and declared that /he continues unmarried, of the Truth of which Declaration the Sub- wic^vr*. fenbm iiave no Reason to doubt; and that every Receipt from Tutors, or Curators, for the Child or Children

of a Contributor, shall fpocify the Name of every such Child for whom they act. and cor.tain a Declaration, for which they shall be responffble, that such Child or Children is or are then to their certain personal Knowledge alive, and that such Child, or the younge/l of them if more than One, has aot attained the Age of Fourteen Yv?.: s, or Seventeen Years, as the Case may be.

XIII. And be it enacted, That if any Member of this Society, who shall have piin&ually paid his Contribu- Jndu^rner u> tions for the Space of Twenty-live Years, shall be rendered unequal to the Discharge of the Duties of his ola. d. imiun Prufcflion, by the Infirmities of Age, or other natural Disability, it shall be lawful to and in the Power of the

Collector of the Presbytery aforesaid, with the Concurrence of a Majority of the Contributor* within the said Prr/bytcrv, to grant Warrant and Authority to such Contributor to retain for his own Ufc out of his annual Kite any Sum not exceeding Half thereof Yearly; but declaring that no Member shall in any Case receive any Eicmption hevoud Half of the Yearly Rate parable by him; and declaring also, that no Member whatever, although unable to perform the Duties of his Office, if in the Receipt of an Income anting from any Source whatever, eounl to Thirty Pounds per Annum, shall be entitled to any such Exemption.

XIV7. And be it enacted, 'Pliut in case at any Time, owing to any unforeseen Defalcation of the Funds, or Provision f r to the increased Number of Widows and Children, or to any other Cause, it shall be found that the Sums arising pcfonuy of from annual Contributions, Interest of Stock, and other Sources, are inadequate to the jutl Demands upon the Fand, '

F-md, then it shall he lawful for the Trustees present at any annual general Meeting, held upon the Third Fr'day »t hj-ianUr, to assess the individual Contributors in such a proportionate additional Sum not exceeding Ten I With per Cent, upon their respective annual Contributions, as maybe thought necessary for the several Purposes lirrein-before specified; provided that due Intimation of such Intention (I\all have been made at leall Twice in Edinburgh Newspapers, called the Caledonian Mercury and Evtning Courani, Three Months previous to the Meeting'; and provided also that fitch Assessment shall meet with the Concurrence of not less than Three-fourths -U tl.eTru/lees present at the said Meeting.

XV. And be it enacted, That the Fund so to be raised and cffabliffied in virtue hereof, shall be allowed, after Limitation of Payment of the Annuities and others herein-before specified, to accumulate, till the same shall amount to the

-V-: m of Seven thousand five hundred Pounds Sterling, for and in proportion to each Sum of Three hundred Pounds Stirling of certain annual Contribution, and which laid Capital shall be the total Amount of Stock;

inherever the said Capital shall amount to the said Sum of Seven thousand five hundred Pounds Sterling for 2: h Sum of Three hundred Pounds of certain annual Contribution, and so in proportion for any larger or less .Mm, the Sinplus above the said Capital shall be divided annually among the Widows of Contributors, according itfth? Proportion of their respoclive Annuities.

XVI. And be it enacted, That every Person who shall be at the Time of passing this Act, or who at any Time Trurtcet. fc.'rwfter may become a Burgh or Parochial Schoolmaster, and a Contributor to the Fund within the Bounds of the Presbytery of Edinburgh, and also every Person being at the Time aforesaid, and who may hereafter become 3 Burgh or Parochial Schoolmaster of any Presbytery Seat within Scotland, and a Contributor to the Fund, together with the Delegates to be chosen in Manner herein after directed, shall be, and they are hereby nominated and appointed Tru/lecs for carrying into Execution all the Powers in and by this Act given; but tvdaring that the Schoolmasters within the Bounds of the Presbytery of Edinburgh, or those enjoying the Office of a Burgh or Parochial Schoolmaster in any Presbytery Seat, shall only continue Trustees during their remaining ia she Possession of such Offices respectively.

47 Cfco III. Qq XVII. And

2qS

I7eVgurs rmy be cttvUu.

CuKc.Oor? to I c Ihju'h l>y J'ltflVlClS.

Vlemhtn Biarrying shall nously the fame,

47 G. 3. Se(T, c. xxxi.

C. lxxxv — xc. 47° GEORGII III. Se(T. 2. A.D. 1807.

XVII. And be it enacted, Tint it shall and maybe lawful for the Contributors within every Presbytcry in

Scotland 1 Edinburgh executed) to meet in their respective Presbytcry Seats, on the lafb Saturday of August, which shall full happen after the pa (Ting of this Act, and on the last Saturday of July annually 'hereafter, between the Hours of Twelve at Noon and Two in the Afternoon, and there to elect, by a Majority of We?, from among their own Number, One nr mure Delegates as after mentioned, to represent them as Trustees in the general Meeting of Trustees to be held at Edinburgh upon the Third Friday of September annually, or in any < ihcr general Meeting they may think proper to, attend for the Space of One Year, commencing from the said Th; rd Fri lay of $cb/fider annually, declaring that if the Number of Contributors within any Presbytery do not amount to Twelve then they shall elect only One Delegate; but if they exceed Twelve in Number they may elect Two Delegates; and if they amount to Eighteen they may elect Three Delegates; and for every Six Contributors above that Numbe*, of which the Presbytery may couiift, they may elect One Delegate more; but declaring also that in all Cases the whole Members of the Institution shall be bound by the AdsandReio-lutiitns of the Trustees, whether they are or arc not fully represented.

" Quorum and Meetings of Trustees, §18. — Election of Cashier and Clerk by Trustees, §19.

XX. And be it enacted, That, in order the more effectually to promote the Object of this Institution, the Contributors resident within each Presbytery in Scotland (hull, within due Time, elect and chuse, by a Majority of Votes, aColledor for the said P re (by ter)", and which Collector shall be bound to collect and recover the whole annual Contributions, or other Sums payable to the Fund, by each and all of the Contributors within the Presbytery for which he is appointed; and he shall be bound to give sufficient Security for his Intromissions with the Funds to the Satisfaction of the Contributors within the Presbytery; and which Contributions, or other Sums to be levied and colluded, shall be remitted by him, from Time to Time, to the general Cashier at Edinburgh, as soon as he has Ten Pounds in his Hands, belonging to the said Fund; declaring always, that in cale any One of the said Collectors shall fail in the pundual Remittance of the Sums so to be colluded by him, then and in that Case all the Contributors resident within the Presbytcry of that Collector shall be jointly responsible for the fame, or for such Part thereof as the said Collector may not have remitted as aforesaid, together with the legal Interest thereof, and the Expence which may be incurred in making the same effectual; and the said Presbytcry Collector shall be bound to keep regular Books in such Form, and for such Purposes, as the Trustees may from Time to Time direct; and he shall also annually between the First Day of August and the First Day of September transmit to the general Cashier, free of Expence, a List of all the Contributors resident within the Presbytery for which he acts, as also of all the Widows and Children in the Presbytery having Claims upon the Fund, and which Lift shall be attelled by hirafelf and Two other Contributors belonging to the fame Presbytery.

Cashier shall keep regular Books, §21.

XXII. And be it enacted, That every Person who may hereafter become a Member of this Society while unmarried, shall give Intimation of his Marriage to the Collector of the Presbytery within which he resides,

: . dating the Name and Age of his Wife, and whether (he is or is not a Widow of a former Contributor, and that within One Month after such Marriage shall have taken place.

a Trustee3 empowered to make Bye-laws and Regulations, §23. — Expences of the Ad, §24.* — Public«Ad, §25.

Cap. lxxxvi.

An Act to explain an Act, of the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, for enabling the Albion Fireand

Life Insurance Company to sue in the Name of their Secretary, and to inrol Annuities.

[8th August 1807.]

Cap. lxxxvii.

47 G. 3. Sess. x. An Act to explain an Act, of the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, for enabling the Globe Insurance

Company to sue in the Name of their Treasurer, and to inrol Annuities.

[8th August 1807.]

47 G. 3. Sess. x. c, xxxiii.

Cap. lxxxviii.

An Act to explain an Act, of the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, for enabling the Pelican Life Insurance Company to sue in the Name of their Secretary, and to inrol Annuities.

[8th August 1807.]

[(£?* By the Threc foregoing Acts, each of the Acts 47 G. 3. Soft. 1. c. xxx. xxxi. and xxxiii. are respectively extended to the Society or Partnership in each respective Ad mentioned; " whether such Society or Partnership be composed of all or some of the Persons who at the Time of passing the said Acts were Members of the said Society or Partnership, or be composed of all, or of some of those Persons, together with some other Persons, or be composed of Persons all of whom shall have become Members of the said Society or Partnership since the passing of the said Acts.'*]

Cap. lxxxix.

An Act to continue and amend Two Acts, of the Fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of His present Majesty, for6 G. 3. 1.150. repairing several Roads leading from Llatidilo to Lampeter, and other Places in the County of Carmarthen.

[8 th August 1807.

Cap. xc.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, of the Fourth and Twenth-fifth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Whitby to Middleton, in the County of York, (e) [8th August 1807.]

Cuf.

K, G. ?. c. 76.

40.3.

*5 G- 3

c. 69. c. in.

47° GEORGII

209

A.P. 1807.

C.xci — ci i.

Clip. xci.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Fifth and Twenty-fifth Years of His present 5 G. 3 c* Majesty, for impairing the Road from Banlnry, in the County of Oxford, through Davcniry and Cotteflach, zS^-3* C li % to Lutterworth, in the County of Leicester. (c). < [8th August 1807.]

C./>. xcii.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts of the Sixth and Twenty- 6 G. 3. c. 9c. seventh Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from High Sullen* in Wednesbury, to the further 27 G. 3. c. 73*'End of Darlayton Lane* and other Places therein named, in the County of Stafford, (e).

[8th Augfl 1807.]

Cap. xciii.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, of the Fifth and 5 c.t. c. 72. Twenty-sixth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Birjlallto Nunbrook, and front Bradley 26 C. 3. c. 140. Lave to Huddersfdd, in the County of York. (e).

[8th August 1807.]

Cty. xciv.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts for repairing the Roads 2 q^ from the Pr.rish of Cranlrooie to Applcdore Heath, and other Roads in the County of Kent, (b) , f. q f f -7A

[8th August iSoj.J

Cap. xcv.

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of so much of Three Acts, of the Fifth, Ninth, ^c , r# and Twenty sixth Years of His present Majesty, as relate to the Repair of the Road from Wat's Cross to9G. 3. c. 92. Cowileiiy and the Roacls from Setrnoaks Common to Crockburjl Hatch Corner, and Penfburfl Town to South- 26 G. 3. c. 132. borough^ in the County of Kent. (b).

[3th August 1807.]

Cap. xcvi.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of a 1 Ad, of the Twenty-sixth Year 26 G. 3. c. i6«. of His present Majesty, for repairing so much of the Road from the Town of Ne<iv: aJl!e-upon-Tyne to the City,

of Carhjle, as lies within the County of Northumberland, (c).

[8th August 1807.]

Cap. xovii.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, of the Fifth and Twenty- 5 G. 3* c. 5*-sixth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads in and near Great Torrington, in the County of 20 G*c* I2*' Devon. (r) [8th Augijl 1807.]

Cap. xcviii.

An Act for vesting in new Trustees the Estates late of the Right Honourable Willoughby Earl of Abingdon, deceased, in the Counties of Wilts and Somerset, which have not been sold by virtue of certain Indentures of Lesfe and Release, dated respectively the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Days of July One thousand seven hundred and seventy-five. (q. P.) [8th August 1807.]

Cap. xcir.

An Act for enabling Rear Admiral Bentinck, Tenant for Life under the Will of his late Father John Albert Bentinck Esquire, deceased, to charge his Estates in the County of Norfolk with the' Sums therein mentioned, for the embanking, improving, and increasing the fame Estates by the Means therein mentioned, (q. P.)

[8th August 1807.]

Cap. c.

An Act for effeAing the Sale of certain Real Estates, late of Henry Champneys Esquire, deceased, devised by his Will, or purchased in pursuance thereof, and for laying out the Money anting from the Sale thereof, under the Directions of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses as the Estates so fold. (q. P.) [8th August 1807.]

Cap. ci.

An Act for vesting certain Estates, devised by the Will of James Harr if on Esquire, deceased, situate in the Counties of Lancaster and Chjler, in Trustees, in Trust to be sold for the Payment of Debts and Legacies affrAing the fame; and after Payment thereof, for the Investment of the Residue of the Monies to aiife by such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses as the Estates so fold. (q. P.)

[8th Jtugijl 1807.]

Cap. cii.

An Act for enabling Francis Rtners Esquire to grant Building and Repairing Leafe3 of certain Lands in the Parish of Strbunhtath, otherwise Stepney, in the County of AUddUsex, deviled by the Will of Francis Peete Esquire, (q. P.} [8th August 1807.]

Q q

Cap.

A.D. 1807.

300 C. ciii — cix. 4.7° GEORGII III. Sess. 2.

Cap. ciii.

An Act for vesting certain Estates in the Parishes of Drypool and Sutton, in Holderness, in the County of York (Part of the Estates devised by the Will of Ann Halit deceased), in Trustees in Tmft to fell the fane, and for laying out the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses as the Estates so fold. (q. P.) [8th August 1807.]

Cap. civ.

An Act for effecting an Exchange between the Trustees and Visitors of Morden College, in the Pariilrof Charlton, in the County of Kent, and Thompson Bonar, Esquire, of certain Lands and Hereditaments in the same County, (q. P.) [3th August 1807.]

Cap. CV.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of OJfrtt, in the Parish of Dewsbury, in the West Riding of the County of York. (q. P.) [8th August 1807 ]

Cap. cvi.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of HurJl, in the Counties of Berks and Wills, (q. P.)

[8th jdugujl 1807.]

Cap. cvii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in Llanelly, in the County of Caermarthen, and for leafing Part of the said Lands, and applying the Rents thereof in improving the Town and Port of Llanelly, in the said County. (q*P*J [8th August 1807.]

Cap. cviii.

An Act to enable His Majesty to release to the Devisees in Fee, in Trust of the Estates of Sit Claries Lavers Baronet, deceased, an Annuity or Yearly Sum of Eight hundred Pounds, given by the Will of Mary Lavers Spinster, to Francis Alexander Frederick dc la Rochefoucauld dc Llancourt, an Alien, and the Arrears thereof. [Sth August 1807.]

Power to Lord Lieutenant to appoint new Commissioners not being Mfnbe-.s of Pailument:

Limit*! iftV.c ir JuriiditiUou.

Cap. cix.

An Act for the more effectual Improvement of the City of Lublin, and the Environs thereof.

' [13th dugujl 1807.]

c< Recital of Irish Acts, 26 G. 3. c. 61.--30 G. 3. c. 62. — 37 G. 3. c. 22. — 40 G. 3. r. 62.; for paving, " cleansing, and lighting Lublin. — And also ot 45 G. 3. c. 112. — 46 G.i. c. 68; appointing Commissioners to examine into the Irregularities, etc. in paving Lublin. All the said recited Acts (except 40 G. 3. c. 6: .) " Repealed. — So much of Irish Act, 40 G. 3. c. 62. as relates to the paving and lighting Dublin; repealed. §2. " — Yearly Allowances for Life to the Commissioners, under repealed Acts, viz.£'300 to the senior Cow-te missioner; ds 200 each, to Five other Commissioners;6200 to the Secretary; sC HjO to the Treasurer, aid " 46100 to the Inspector: §3. — .563750 shall be paid to the temporary Commissioners under 45 G. 3. c. 112. u and 46 G. 3, c. 68; and <363000 for other Expences under the said Act, &c. §4. — Commissioners appointed " under Acts 45 & 46 G. 3. may act until new Commissioners appointed, §5.

VI. ' And Whereas the properly paving, cleansing, and lighling the several Streets and other Passages

within the Circular or Environ Road surrounding the City of Dublin and the erecting of Fountains and

Conduits for the Life of the Poor and the Publick, mull tend greatly to the ftee intercourse, Health, ' Accommodation and Safety of the Inhabitants of the said District, and of all Persons retorting thereto, and it will also be of great Advantage if Common Sewers or Drains be made as herein after i9 mentioned; and f there is reason to expect that it will conduce to the Purposes aforesaid if the erecting of Fountains and Con-

duits, and the ordering, directing, and managing the paving, cleansing, and lighting of all the Streets and ' other Passages within the said District, and also the ordering, designing, and making of Common Sewers and ' Drains therein, and of Cefipools in Stable Lancs or e* lew he re, as herein after is mentioned, shall be put under ' the Care of One Board of Commissioners to be conllituted in the Manner and invested with the Powers herein*

after mentioned be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time bring, by Writing under Hand and Seal, to nominate and appoint such Person or Persons, not more than Three in Number, and not being Members of the House of Commons, as lie or they shall think fit, to be Commissioners for carrying into Execution the Purposes of this Act; and that the Persons so to be nominated and appointed, and their Successors to be appointed in Manner herein after mentioned, shall have full Power and Authority to older, direct, and manage the paving, cleansing, and lighting of the several Streets and other publick Pad ages, and to order, delign, and make new Sewers, Drains, and Ceffpools in all Places within the said Circular Road lurvounciing the City oI Dublin, and to execute and carry into effeil tha several Orders and Regulations herein after more particularly set forth.

VII. ' And Whereas Doubts may arise a3 to the Limits of the said Jurisdiction of the said Commission ers.by

reason that the Continuation of the said Circular Road is interrupted by His Majesty's Park called//* Pkxnhe, ' on the West Side of the said City, and by the River and Grounds adjacent thereto, on the Eail Side of : he f ed«City P be it therefore enacted, That the Limit of the said Jurisdiction on the West, where the said Circular

Road

A.D. 1807. 47 GEORGII III. Sess. 2.

C.cix. 301

Roid is so interrupted, rtinll be the Wall bounding His Majesty's said Park the Phtntx, on the East Side of the said Park, and extending from the said Circular Road, where the fame meets the said Wall on the South Side of the said Park, to the said Circular Road where the fame meets the said Wall on the North Side of the said Park; and that the Limit of the said Jurisdiction on the East Side, where the said Road is so interrupted as aforesaid, rtiall be a Line drawn the Ye across the said River, from the neared Part of the said Circular Road from Time to Time on the North to the nearell Part of the said Circular Road, and from Time to Time on the fcaith; and that in all other Places the said Circular Road shall, as herein-before provided, be the Limit of t: e fail Jarifdidion.

Y11L And be it further enacted, That all Places within the said Limits shall be deemed and taken to be within ta: said Circular Road, in the Cunlhnniion of this A<?.

IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Power to Lmrf L.'utenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, to remove all or any of lieutenant lt> the said Commissioners, and by Writing under Hand and Seal to appoint as aforesaid One or more Person or IVricns, ntt being a Member or Members of the House of Commons, in the Place of any Commissioner or Commissioners so removed, or whose Place shall be vacant by Death. Refutation, or otherwise; and that if any of the said Commissioncn shall at any Time become a Member of the House of Commons, his said Office dia l thereupon eeafe and determine.

M Oath of Commissioners, $ to — Salaries of Commissioners as Lord Lieutenant shall dire£i, not exceeding s£6oo u to the First Commissioner, ^300, to each of the other Two, §11. — Commissioners declared a Corporation,

" by the Name of "The Commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets of Dublin§ 12. —

Two a Quorum, §13.

XIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to end for the Lord Lord I irun-nant Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of / eland for the Time being, by Writing under Hand and to appoint or

Z A 1' _ T: ______rn: __________ . 1 r 0, 7 r 1. r.i

of the lame; and that the said Officers so to be appointed shall in their respective Departments obey in all

Things the lawful Orders of the said Commissioners and it shall and may be lawful to and for Commissi

the said Commissioners from Time to Time, as they shall see Occasion, to remove or suspend the said m<y Uifne'.it Officers, or any of them, and during such Snfpcnllon to appoint such other Person or Persons as they tch'Jilior*. li.iii think proper to the fai l Ollice or Offices nffpcciively, and to the Salary and Emoluments thereof

mpeftively; and that there shall be paid to the said several Officers out of the Funds hereby granted, such ouiccis

yearly Sums as the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the T irne being shall, by Warrant under Hand and Seal direCf, not exceeding the Sums following, that is to say; not exceeding Four kindred Founds by the Year to each of the said Supervisors of Works; not exceeding Two hundred Pounds by the Year to the said Secretary; and not exceeding Five hundred Pounds by the Year to the Laid Tivafurer.

" Commissioners shall appoint and remove all inferior Officers with their SaVirie*, in the Whole not exceeding ' i 2, 300 per s, innum, §13. — Commissioners shall take Security from ail Oiiicers for Discharge of their " Duty, §16.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if in any Court, either of Law or Equity, on any Action, Suit,

Miftment, Information, or Proceeding whatsoever, and whoever shall or may he the Parties therein, any Ouession ihiisrife concerning the Right of the said Commissioners or irdenor Officers or any of them, to hold, c\orcffe,

.* cijnv their said Offices respectively, then and in every Inch Case it ih.dl be luihc.ient to prove that such On-iilfioner or Commissium'rs or inferior Ollicers or Officer, were or was at the Time in Queff ion commonly eyjted to be such Commissioners or Commissioner, or Officers or Officer rclpccYwely, without producing their Otl.ceis. h; j Patent, Appointment, or Commission, and without giving any Evidence that they have periormed 'rtffbffy nity of the Requisitcs which are or may be prescribed by Law to entitle them to execute the said 0.lie's P'spectlvrly.

Will. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Commissioner shall take, accept, CororniflF.noi

Vatloevev, or Officer* IH.UI him not taxe

r: t..m, or shall enter into any Contract or Agreement, directly or indirectly, for accepting or receiving, or

'bill directly or indirectly accept or receive, or shall procure or wilfully permit to be taken, accepted or Cuntva£Ws. iu.ff by any other Perl'on, any Share, Part, or Proportion of any Salary, Allowance, Fee, or Reward,

Lnni.g to or which ought to be paid tour receive'by any O cer. Servant, or other Person employed, or to r'..jW'ed by or under him, them, or any of them for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Officer or Officers,

'> '1.1L or Servants, who Until be in any Way employe*! by or under the said Commissionerspn putting this Act

Evidence '*f .»a n; ., ih.oi he

lu'lu Sv Pi lO \>l llic OluC ot CornuutU'ji'C! I t'.so ior

Aim. nnu uc it lurtuci ciut.ua uy uu: rsneiuiin aium...uu, u.u. n any i

(* any Fee or Reward whatsoever, or shall or may, by any Device, Contrivance, or Means whatloevc iAp; any Benefit from his Office of Commissioner, except fueti Salary as is herein-before appointed for hi

i y of the Powers thereof into Execution

shall e cct. take, c.c accept any Fee or Reward whatsoever,

(.T such Salaries and Gratuities as iiv.ni be prcv, ouil> approved of by the said Conmv.hioners, for or on >» 'wj-.t oi aay Thing done or to be done by u: mo ot t: »s Act, or it any Commissioner, or any OtiK'er or as afonia d, shall in anywif.* be concerned in int'.'vca »n any Contract or Agreement made or to be made,

1'; ' tkvurity for any Person holding a..; O.nee, or e: taring .nto a»iy Contract or A*T/*Tcment by virtue of : 'Ao*, every ff.ch Person so often ..ing shall be iuc?.p vile ot ierving or being rmefty ! uuf 'fid Lirieit a Sum equal to '"re .h: the A nor.nt o. any Fee, Reward, 01 l>c \ iit so

.*u, or exacted, or the Fine of U; .i Uuudred Pounds, whichever ffiaii be lued lor by aiy Fcuon or Per.oub,

this A A, and taken, accepted.

by

CO 2

V

CVmmflkwr i 1 ill ail not i cr cive any Gutuiuy fio.n iufciijr

Oihecu.

Commissioners of l*r. prciV Accounts shall 'audit annually ti.e Accounts of Cur.imilVioner*.

Commissioners ih-jl) report jmnually to the r«J Lieutenant ttit ir J r-.eedin's and DifTicuIcks, and fucycil KemeCits.

I ebts of Col. eetoist<» the Commissioners shall be paid in prefeience to their oilrr l\b s I" c ite of Death oi Bankruptcy.

Debts of former Boards 53, 000b and io, oc O I. on Dcbcuiurts.

34, cool, not so ft cured.

C.cix. 470 GEORGII III. Sett. 2. A.D. 1807.

by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's fupcrlor Courts of Record i wink'd within Twelve Calendar Months after the OHence committed, such Penally to be to the Uie and Benefit of the Person or Persons so filing.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no Servant or Person in the private Service nr Employment ofth? said Commissioners, or any of them, shall be capable of being employed or concerned in or of receiving any Salary, Allowance, Fee, or Reward, for or 011 Account of any Mutter or Thing to be done under or in purfwxe of this Act; and every Commissioner whole Servant, or any PeiTon in whose Employment shall lo offend, and every such Servant and Person so offending in this respect, flirtl! for every inch Offence forfeit the Sum of Ore hundred Pounds, to be /r.cd for and recovered in like Manner as herein lad before mentioned, a.id shall also be incapable of being employed under this A cl.

*e Commissioners may take a House, Warehouses, &c. Rent thereof not to exceed 200l., §20. — Booh of Proceedings to be kept, and to be Evidence in all Courts, §21. — Power to Commissioners to Amunoa ! 44 Offenders and Witnesses, 22. — All Summon fes and Notices shall be signed by Secretary, §23. — Commif-4t sioners may administer an Oath or Affirmation on hearing of any Complaint, §24. — All Rates, Fines, &c.

vetted in Commissioners, §25. — Accounts to be kept of Taxes, Rates, &c. and of Fines, See. for Breach of Contract, §26.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That the Commissioners of Impress Accounts, or any Three of them, fhcH once in every Year examine and audit the Accounts of the said Commissioners under this Act, and that in said Accounts shall be set forth particularly, and Under separate Heads as aforesaid, a full and true Statement of all^and every their Receipts and Expenditures, and of all and every Arrears, and Sum and Sums of Money due to them on any Account whatsoever; and also of all and every Sum and Sums of Money due by them on any Account whatsoever, and also of all Contracts made by the said Commissioners under this Act for the Execution

of any Work then partly performed, and how much and what Proportion thereof hath been executed or not.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners under this Act shall Once in every Year, that is to say, on or before the Fifth Day of January in each and every Year, present to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, a Report signed by them, containing a general Statement of their Proceedings fiiice their Appointments, or lince the latt preceding Report, a particular Detail of any Difficulty which may have occurred to them, their Officers or Servants, in the Execution of their Duties respectively, whereby the fame may have been prevented or impeded, or of any Inconvenience or Deficiency in theexitting Law, and fuggelting such Remedy for any of the said Matters as shall appear to them moil likely to promote the beneficial Purposes and Objects of their Institution.

i Treasurer, when more than 400l. in his Hands, shall lodge Exoefs in Bank of Ireland, §29. — Comraifllonen may draw on Bank for Sums wanted, specifying Purpose, §30.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Collector or Collectors employed by the said Commissioners in the Receipt of their Funds or Revenues shall happen to die, or become Bankrupt before he or they shall have fully paid and satisfied all the Money by him or them received by virtue of this Act, that then the Executors or Administrators possessing the Ettates, Assets, or Eflfe£ls of such Collector or Colkctors, shall, out of such Estates, Effcdls, or Aflcts pay to the Treasurer of the said Com.\, iflioneis all such Sum or Sums of Money as shall appear to have been due by such Collector or Collectors at the Time of his or their Death, or so much thereof as the said Estates, Allots, or Effects, will afford to pay; or in case of his or their becoming Bankrupts the Assignee or Assignees of his or their Estates, after paying to the petitioning Creditor or Creditors his, her, or their Cotts of filing out and prosecuting the Commimon against such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, shall pay to the said Treasurer all such Sums of Money as were due by the said Collector or Collector* at the Time of suing out such Commission against him or them, or so much thereof as the said Estates and Effects will amount to, and the Receipt of the said Treasurer shall be a good Discharge for so much out of such Dilates, A feta, or Effects, and such Payments shall be allowed in preference of any Debt or Demand whatsoever, against fiuh Collector or Collectors; and in case of Nonpayment of the fame by the Space of Twenty-one Days after the same shall be demanded, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to bring or causeto he brought one or more Action or Actions in any one of His Majesty's superior Courts of Record in Dublin against such Executors, Administrators, Assignee or Assignees, or other Person or Persons, or against their Securities as aforesaid, for the Recovery there of.

Property and Debts of the old Board vetted in new Commissioners, §32. — New Commissioners declared subject j

f4 to Actions to which the old were subject, §33.

XXXIV. 4 And Whereas before the pa fling of this Act there were due by the said Directors and Commissioners or by the said temporary Commissioners for Paving, to divers Persons, Debts amounting to the Sum c of Fifty-three thousand Pounds, secured by Debentures bearing Four per Centum Interest per Jrr.im,

1 and the further Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, secured by Debentures bearing Six per Centum per dnnum;

And Whereas shortly before the passing of this Act, the said Directors and Commissioners, or temporary Commissioners for Paving, had been also indebted in Sums not secured by Debentures, which with Principal

and Inteveft amounted to Thirty-four thousand Pounds Sterling, both said Sums making together the Sum of

Ninety-ieven thousand Pounds; and it is expedient that the Funds granted for the Purposes of this Act ttiould c be clear of all Debts: And Whereas Part of the said last-mentioned Debt of Thirty-four thousand Pounds hath been paid out of the Funds vetted in the said Commissioners of Paving, the Amount whereof cannot for the present Purpose be precisely ascertained, and thereby there is a Deficiency of the said Funds for the ordinary Purposes of the said Establishment, to the Amount of the Debts so paid, and it is therefore expedient that the Funds so applied to the Payment of the said Debts should be replaced; And Whereas it hath

IS.

A.D. 1807.

470 GEORGII III. Sess. 2.

C.cix.

>03.

to, xc Annum heretofore : »rlva iced;

See $ 5Z.

4 t.cool to hft iO'u d 1 ut of

so y for at per Cuit.

Vrn tifual heretofore to grant, towards the paving and lighting of the said City, the Sum of Ten thousand t« IIcu of 1 Pounds yearly, which is to be hereafter discontinued, and in lieu thereof the said Debts are to be paid, pud cc, ' per

the find Funds so applied as aforesaid are to be replaced, and a Sum of Forty thousand Pounds is t, o be advanced

in Marnier and for tile Purposes herein after mentioned be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sum of Forty-four thousand Pounds shall immediately after the passing of this Act be paid out of the Coiifoiidated Fund into the Bank of Ireland, for the Account of the said Debt of Ten thousand Pounds and Th; rty-four thousand Pounds, and in order to discharge the fame respectively, and to replace the said Funds, and tint the Commissioners to be appointed under this Act shall from Time to Time draw on the said Bank for the |, , ti, c Airount ot every 1'uch Debt, specifying in such Draft whether the Sum therein mentioned was due by Debenture, dated Fuud. or how otherwise, and if by Debenture, then such Debenture shall be brought to the said Bank, together with Bich Draft, and on being paid laid Debenture shall be imfnediately cancelled by the proper Officer of the said Bank, but shall be preserved in the hud Bank as a Voucher \ and all such Drafts shall and may be good and valid without any Stamp; and all such Drafts, together with the Receipts thereon, shall be preserved in the said Bank as Vouchers for the said Payment, and that when and as soon as the Commissioners to be appointed under this Act shall certify under their Hands and Seals that the Whole of the said Debt of Thirty-four thousand Pg.j: Id has been paid off, then such Part of the said Sum of Thirty-four thousand Pounds so lodged to discharge the lame as shall remain in the said Bank shall be forthwith carried by the said Bank to the Credit of the said Commissioners under this Act, to be by them applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That there shall be issued from His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland, Pc-benturos Debentures to the Amount of the said Sum of Fifty-three thousand Pounds, bearing Interest at Four per Centum, hum the Tiva a; ul lor such Sums respectively, and having the Interest thereon payable on the same Days respectively as the f bid Debentures composing the Sum or Debt of Fifty-three thousand Pounds aforesaid; which said Debentures so issued L>y the said Treasury shall be deposited in the Bank of Ireland, and the Interest thereon shall be and is hereby made payable at the said Bank of Irelandt and the Sum of Two thousand one hundred and twenty Pounds shall be annually paid out of the Consolidated Fund into the Bank of Ireland for Account of the Interest of the said Debentures, and the Interest of the said Debentures so due by the said Directors and Commissioners stallalfo be payable at the said Bank, and the said Treasury Debentures shall be respectively from Time to Time exchanged at the said Bank for the said Debentures of the said Directors and Commissioners, as the Holders of the said last-mentioned Debentures shall desire or agree to such Exchanges respectively, and in the mean Time, until the Exchanges shall be made respectively, the Funds so to be provided for Payment of the Interest on the CaidTreasury Debentures shall be applied to pay the Interest of the said Debentures of the said Directors and Commissioners which shall remain outstanding respectively, and when and as often as every such Exchange shall be made, the Time of such Exchanges shall be noted on the Treasury'Debenture issued from the said Bank y thereon, which shall thereupon bear Interest from the last Day of the Payment of such Interest previous to such Exchange, and the Debenture of the said Directors and Commissioners received on such Exchange shall be forthwith cancelled by the proper Officer of the said Bank, but shall be preserved therein as a Voucher.

After yth January 1808 Commissioners empowered to levy Rates not exceeding 4l. 6d. per Pound per Annum n on Rents above£10, and 3l. 6d. on Rents less than: §36 — 39.

XL. And be it enacted, That the said Tax for each Year shall be due and payable on the Fifth Day of Time of January therein, and shall be received and collected as speedily as may be after the said Day; and that the First levying Rate*. Year's Tax shall be payable on the said Fifth Day of January in the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight, and that any Receipt given for such Tax shall not be subject to any Stamp or Stamp Duty whatsoever.

" Mode of levying Rate3 on public Buildings, §41.

XLII. And be it enacted, That where any House or Tenement shall be let in Lodgings to different Persons, Rnres for and the Persons letting such Lodgings shall not reside in such House or Tenement, then and in every such Case the Persons letting such Lodging, or the immcdiateLe/Tor or Lessors, under whom all the different Holdings in such House or Tenement shall be derived, shall be subject and liable to the Payment of the said Tax thereof, and if such Lodgers, or any of them, shall pay the same or any Part thereof, he, she, or they shall be entitled to deduct. the Sum or Sums so paid out of his or her Rent for such Lodgings,

XL1IL And, in order to secure the Payment of the said Tax for such Lodging Houses as aforesaid, and for Owners of Stalls in Markets, be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Jet out any House or Tenement within the Lodg-ng Houfor Circular Road in Lodgings to different Persons, and shall not keep any Part thereof unset for his, her, or ansi of Stalls in their own Residence, and reside therein, or shall become the Occupier of any Stall or Stalls in any Market or Markets within the said Limits, then and in every Inch Case such Person or Persons shall within O .e Month after having so let out such House or Tenement, or become such Occupier of a Stall or Stalls as aforesaid, deliver in t; the Secretary of the said Commissioners a true Statement in Wi iting of his, her, 01* their Name Names, and Place or Places of Abode, and every such Person who shall omit or neglect so to do shall for every such Ohence forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds; and such Name and Names, 'Place and Places, so delivered in, shall be entered by rich Secretary in a Book kept for that Purpose, and the Entry in such Book shall, as against every such Person for the Purposes of this Act, and for Service of any Notice or Process, or other Proceeding under the fame, be concinfive Evidence of the Place of Abode of such Person, unless such Person shall prove that he or she has, previous to such Service or other Proceeding, served such Notice on the said Secretary as aforesaid, specifying some other Place of his or her Abode, and that the Place so speci/icd is the true Place of his or her Abode.

" Recovery of Rates by Distress, §44. — Tenements unoccupied to pay Half Rates. No more than Two Years n Taxes to be recoverable, §45. — Rates due under former Acts on 25th March jSo7, shall be received by

4* nvw

d. ivl

Or i*

life;

ttici.:

ric.

Hr

Lodging Houses-shal) be paid by Landlords.

SO j.

47° GEORGII III.

c^n*

A.D. 1807.

4 ', 0: 0l. .71 ant< d

ouf of ti'.C

t'onl 11»!n tcci I'uorl f r c- ruin five* ments and bewcii, dee.

General Road Prtrfentments net tn ne m lutuic a ul »H(*cl on Houftsor BHiding* within Cnculai Road.

PunilBmen1 f'»r Unluiii P»; Fclfy

o Commit-

lio .ei>, Felony-

Penalries of Perjury for fa lie (wearing-

tl now Commissioners, §46, 47, 4S. — Corporation of DuU'n Pauli pay the Commissioners £*oo. Yearly for " certain Pavements, §49. — And dlio. Yearly for certain Lamps, 950. — And c. 2, 000. Yearly fur cleauiing Streets, § jJJ.

LI I.*And Whereas the present imperfect State of the Pavement within the Circular Road, and the Want of Sewers, makes it necessary that a Sum of Money shall be immediately applied for Remedy of the Paid Defects, independent of the annual Income hereby granted to the fakl CommiUior.ers be it lbe; th.=re enacted, Tima Sum of Forty thousand Pounds shall be paid into the Rank ot Ireland, to the Credit of the said Commissioners, out of the Consolidated Fund, which Sum shall be applied by and under the Orders of the said Commissioners as speedily as may be, in Manner following, that is to say, CneMoiety thereof in paving {-vich of the principal Streets, Squares, and Paflhge.s, within the Paid Circular Road, as they shall thick proper, with that Kind ot I'averu-nt cabl'd Cran\le Pavement K and the other Moiety thereof in making Sewers with Ledges therein for supporting MainPiprs, in Manner herein after particularly mentioned, or in any other Manner that they hall deem expedient to make such Sewers.

Commissioners to pave, raise, lower. Sec. Streets, Squares, S: c. within the Circular Rend, and to regulate Arr.^rs, 44 Projections, Sec. §53, 54. — Commissioners empowered to pave and make Sewers in ell new Streets, and to recover " the E<pences from Inhabitants, §"5. — Property of present Pavement?, Lamp; , & c. veiled in new Commissioners, 4< §56. — Commissioners empowered to pure bate and take down Buildings ler enlarging 1'affaires, by Contract or undervaluation of a Jury; but not to interfere with Commi'l; ou.r3 cf wide Street, §57 — 65. — Bower to take ' Gravel, &c. for paving, paying the Value, with Power to Owner to appeal to Schions, §'0. - Regulation aj u to laying Pipes for Water, by the Pipe Water Committee of the City, §67 — Puw r to Commissioncn to contract for paving or lighting, §74. — Commissioners shall inspect all Works, §75. — Commissioners may " alter, Line, Breadth, &c. of Circular Road, §76, 78.

LXXIX. f And Whereas Part of several Parishes, Liberties, Manors, and Diflricls of the County 0(Dublin are within the Circular Road, and by this Act the Occupiers and Owners of the several I Mules and Buildings within the same are liable to be rated and adefied for the Purposes of this Act: in order that inch Persons may not also be taxed for the Repairs of the Roads in the Parts of the said Baronies iliat are without the raid Circuhr*Road/ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful ior any Person or Persons who thail from Time to Time be appointed Applotters in any Parish, Manor, or Dklrict so situated that the Whole or any Part thereof may be within the said Circular Road, to applot any Part of the Sums presented by the Grand Juries of the County for the making or repairing Roads in the Barony, upon any House or Building raud and adefied under this Act by the said Com midioners, notwithstanding any Provision or Thing in any other Act of Parliament directing such Presentrrents to be applotted, fully and juhiy according to the hell of the Skill of the App'otters, upon such Parish, Manor, Liberty, or District; and every Alidavit which such Applotters arc required to make, shall express that they had made the Applotment according to the bdl of their Skill, without Favour, Affection, or Malice, excepting thereout such Houses and Buildings rated and assessed by the said Commissioners within the said Circular Road; but it shall be lawful for such Applotters, and they shall, according to their usual manner applot all such Sums as may be presented by the Grand Jury of the County for Bridges, Gaols, or other Works, to be raised oft the County at large.

Regulations as to putting up and lighting Lamps, See. §80 — 8j. — Powers for fixing Names oti Street and " Numbers on Houses, &c. §86. — Inhabitants to fwccp Footways, Sec. 87. — Water from the Roofs to fce 4i conveyed to the Ground in Pipes, §88. — Commissioners to make any Number of public Fountains out of their Funds, §89. — Commissioners to pay the City^6' 150. aYearto enable them to extend their Works for the 4i Supply of those Fountains, §90. — Penalty for fouling the Water in the Fountains 5l. $91. — Penalty on 4' injuring Fountains, .£ 5. — Parish to repair Fountains injured by Night unless they apprehend and convict 4i Offenders, §9.3. — Power to Commissioners to water the Streets, See. §94. — To make Sewers and Drains, " $ 95' — Rate for niaking and cleansing Sewers and Drains, and Watering Streets, §96. — Sewers, in Streets 4< inhabited by poor Persons may be made out of the Fund of the Commissioners without a Rate, §97. — A 44 certain Number of Sewers to be made with Ledges for supporting Main Pipes, §98. — Inhabitants to cleanse " private Sewers and Drains, §99. - Regulations as to Dull Carts, Dull Holes, ^100 — 103 — Hollows lor Foundations, Sec. shall not be left uncovered or uninclosed, §104. — Boundaries of Streets shall not be altered without Notice to Commissioners, §105. — ft ules as to repairing Houses and Proje&ions in Streets, §106, 107. —

Power to remove Obstructions and Nuisances in Streets, § ic8 — jio. — Regulating the driving of Carriages,

<S in, 112 — Training or excrciliirg Horses in Street prohibited, § I 13. — Hog s, Sec. not to be in Streets, 44 §1 14. — Wheels of Carriages to be of a certain Width, or not to be Uccnled, § j J5 — 120. — Carriages to have the Names of Owners and l laecs of Abode, §121.

CXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall flealand carry away any of the Flags, Stones, Timber, or other Materials, or any Thing whatsoever belonging to the said Corporation, or any of the said Lamps, Burners, Polls, Iron, or Furniture thereof, such Person or Persons, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall be transported for Seven Years.

CXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who fh rill take any Oath or Affirmation by virtue of this Att shall therein wilfully and corruptly give falle Evidence, and shall be convicted thereof by due course of Law, he or she shall be adjudged guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, and shall incur and suffer the Pains and Pc 1 allies which by Law are enabled against Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

" Recover and Application of Penalties, Fines, See §]24>&e.

Crf.

C,

A.D. 1807. 47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. cx — cxvii 305

Cap. cx.

An Act for deepening, enlarging, maintaining, and improving the Harbour of Peterhead, in the County oc.la reen, [ 13th August 1807.]

Tonruge Duties granted, — Trustees empowered to license Pilots-XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall, after the passing of this Puntlhifg Act, imliciously, wilfully, or wantonly demolish, break down, destroy, or set on Fire any of the Docks, Jetties,

Pien Quays, Breads, or other Works, constructed or to he constructed, in or belonging to the fahl Harbour of \Vo'l: sFcfe..r. Peterhead^ every such Person or Persons so offending shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and the Court or Courts by and before whom such Person or Persons shall be indifter} and tried, shall and have hereby Power and Authority to transport such Felon or Felons, for the Space of Seven Years, in like Manner as other Felons are directed to be transported by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

Cap. cxi.

An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Town and Parish of Woolwich, in the County of Rent, and removing and preventing Nuisances therein, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, for providing an additional Burial Ground, and for regulating the Market of the said Town and Parish.

[13th August 1807.]

Cap. cxii. '

An Act to amend an Act, of the Forty-second Year of His present Majesty, for building a new Gaol for the^f <v*y County of Galway, and other Purposes relating thereto 5 and for providing a new Sessions House for the said County.

[13th August 1807.]

u Commissionera empowered to build a Sessions House.

Cap. cxiii.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Lancaster Canal Navigation, to vary the Course of the said Canal, and to make Railways or Roads* and to amend and render more effectual Two Acts relating to the said Navigation.

[13th August 1807.]

Cap. cxiv.

An Act for separating the Chapelries and Chapels of Newra/Ue-under-Lyme, Burslem, Whitmore, Buck nail and Bagnall, and Norton in the Moors, from the Kedory and Parish Church of Stoke-upon- Trent, in the County of Stafford, and for making them Five dillind Redories and Parish Churches; and for enabling the Rector of the said Parish Church of Stoke-upon-Trent for the Time being to grant Building Leases of certain Glebe Lands belonging to the said Rectory. " [ 13th August 1807.]

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all Marriages to be duly solemnized in the said Parish Churches of Muriate*

Nrwc affile-under-Lyme, Burslem, Whitmore, Bucknalland Bagnail, and Norton-in the-Moors reflectively, according in Chutches to and in pursuance of the Provisions and Directions of an Act made in the Twenty-ii\th Year of the Reign of be valid.

His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better preventing of cltndestine Marriagex, 24 G. 2. c. 33 shall be good, valid, and eff» Ctual in the Law; and a Register of every such Marriage, or a Copy thereof, shall be received in all Courts of Law and Equity as Evidence of Marriage, in such and the like Manner as the Regiiler of any Marriage solemnized in any other Parish Church is received iti Evidence.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That ad the public and general Laws and Statutes of this Realm* Laws concerning

no* in being, concerning Redories, Parish Churches, Rectors, and the Parochial Clergy, shall be in full me Ccigy

force and have Effect and Operation in all respects in regard to the said several Redorie % Parishct, and fxvrriM to

Pinfh Churches of Newca/lle-under-1 .y me, Burslem, Whitmore, Bucknall and Bagnali, and Norton-in ihe-Moors, ind every of them, in li:; c Manner as if the fame had been originally Kedories, Parities, and Parish Churches, except as otherwise directed by this Act.

See former Acts

32 G. 3. c. roi.

33 G. 3. c. 10.

Cap. CXV.

An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act, of the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for making and -6 G. 3. c. 131 keeping in Repair certain Roads in the Panlhcs of Lambeth, Newington, Saint George Southwark, Bermonttfey, and Chriffl Church, in the County of lurrey, and for watching and lighting the said Roads.

£ijth August 18^7.]

N

An

Cap ervi.

An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of an Act for repairing the Roads from Ifcrflcnm to the Top of Bee cling Hill, and ftom Sleyning to the Top of vtty: ihig I till in the County of S»j>X }*a; , d for making a Road from the said Ruads in the Parish of Bee ding, by Beetling Chalk Pit, to the North Ealt Comer of the Sheep Field, in the Parish of Kingstone by Sea in the said County, (a).

['jih August 1807.]

Cap. cxvii.

An Act for improving the Navigation of a certain Part of the River AJur; and for the better draining the Low Lands lying in the Levels above Bailing Bridge, and below Mock Bridge and Bines Bridge, Ml in the County of S'Jix..[ijtli August iSo7 ]

25 G. 3. c. 109.

4; Gjzq# III.

Rr

Cap.

3o6

?s g: 3. c. 45.

J'r.

S*je A£V 3 <J.3«41. fr.

C.cxviii — cxxvi. 470 GEORGII III.Self. 2. A.D. 1807.

Cap. cxviii.

An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

An Act for vefing certain Freehold and Copyhold Estates, devised by the Will of the late Arthur Jones E[quirt, deceased, in the Counties of Kent, Nottingham, Carmarthen, Cardigan, and Middlesex, and in the Cities and Liberties of London and We (tin in Her, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Monies to arise by such ira!e, together with the Sum of Fifty-three thousand three hun tred and thirty-three Pounds Three Shillings and Four-pence, Three Pounds per Centum Consol'nlated Bank Annuities, funding in the Name of the Ac'omptant General oj the High Court of Chancery, in Truf in a certain Cause in the said Court, Macnamara versus Jones, Icing tie clear Ref due of the Perfmal Efate of the said Tefator Arthur Jones, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments to be settled to the same Uses, and for enabling the said Trustees to grant Leases of the Estates so to it

purchiifed, ami also to cut Timber growing thereupon, subject to ReJlri3ions9 so far as the Trulls thereof have j

not been performed and caried into Execution, (q. P.)^[13th 1807.] j

1

Cap. cxix. I

An Act for vesting in the Right Honourable Robert Spenctr9 commonly called Lord Robert Spencer, in Fee Simple, Part of his Settled Estates in the County of Sussex, in Exchange for another Estate of the said Lord Robert Spence, in the same County, and for settling such last-mentioned Estate to the like Uses as the said Part of his Settled Estates flood settled, (q. P.) [13th August 1807.]

Cap cxx. f

An Act to enable the surviving Trustee named in the last Will and Testament of the late Right Honourable Henry Earl of Ely, deceased, to fell the Mansion House of the said late Earl, in Ely Place, in the City of Dublin, with the Appurtenances and the Furniture to the said House belonging, and the Glasses and Pictures therein; and to lay out the Monies to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments in Ireland, and to settle such Land# so to be purchased to the same Uses, and subject to the fame Limitations, as are in the said Will declared and expressed with respect to the said Manlion House, with the Appurtenances.

(q. P.) [ 13th 180; .]

Cap. cxxi.

An Act for the Partition of divers Lands in the Counties of Monaghan, Fermanagh, Louth, and Armagh, late the Property of Sir fames Hamilton Knight, deceased, and in which Catherine Hamilton, Dorothea Ha'wijbaw otherwise Hamilton, Maria bVilhamfon otherwise Hamilton, Dae re Hamilton, Olivia Lucas otherwise Hamilton, Elizabeth Hamilton, the Reverend James Hamilton, hi effing ton Hamilton, Elinor Hamilton, Frances Lee otherwise Hamilton, and the Representatives of Jane Hamilton, deceased, have undivided Shares, and for the Sale of the Lands therein mentioned. (q. P.) - [ 13th Avgufi i$#7.]

Cap. cxxi.

An Act for confirming the Sales, made under the Directions of the Court of Chancery, of several Estates in the Counties of Surrej, Suffiex, sw& Kent, devised by the Will of Thomas Cooper deceased. (q.P.)

[13th August 1807.]

Cap. cxxiii.

An Act for the Sale of Part of the Estate of John Joseph Henry Esquire, for the Intents aod Purposes them# mentioned, and for settling other Estates in lieu thereof to the same Uses, and to extend the leafing Powers of the said John Joseph Henry in respect to Part of his Estates therein mentioned, (q. P.) [13th August 1807.]

Cap. cxxiv.

An Act for vesting the Entirety of certain Settled Estates of Sir Hugh Inglis Baronet, John Watkins Parker Esquire, and Thomas Lloyd Esquire, and Eliza Bella his Wife, situate in the City of London and County of JWidd/csex, in Trustees, in Trust to carry into Execution a Contract already entered into for Sale of Part of the fame Estates, and to fell the other Part thereof under the Directions of the Court of Chancery, and to apply the Money arising from the said Sales in the Manner therein mentioned, (q. P.) [13th August 1807.)

Cap. c\xv.

An Act for vesting Part of the Estates, in the County of Berks, devised by the Will of Bartholomew Tipping Esquire. deceased, in Trustees, in Trust to sell the same, and for laying out the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses as the Estates so fold. (q. P.)

[13th August i$o!.]

Cap. cxxvi.

An Act for enabling Trustees to fell the Settled Estate# of John Brad flaw Fletcher Esquire (calling himself I

John Bradshaw, situate in the County of Essex, and for laying out the Monies to arise trora the Sale thereof {

in the Purchase of Estates to be situate in or near the County of Lancaster, to be settled to the same Uses. 1

(q.P.)'[13^4/^1*07.] (

s

A.D. 1807. 47° GEORGII III. Sess. 2. C.cxxvii — *cxxxiv.

Cap. cxxvii.

An Act for vesting several Fee Farm Rents and annual Sums settled by Edward CoJston, deceased, on lie Mailer, Wardens, and Commonalty of Merchant Venturers of the City of Bristol, for the Maintenance tf an Hospitaland Alms-house in the said City, in Trustees to be sold, and for applying the Money to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments to be settled upon the Trulls on which such Fee Fa.m Kentsand annual Sums are respectively held. (q. P.) QI3tlx August 1807.]

Cap. cxxviii.

An Act for vesting certain Estates belonging to the See of Canterbury in Trustees for Sale, and for applying the Purchase Monies, together with other Monies, in the Manner therein mentioned, and for enabling the Archbishop of Canterbury to grant Building and Repairing Leases, and for other Purposes. (q. P.)

[13th August 1807.]

Cap. cxxix.

An Act for enabling the Proprietors of the Navigation of the River Avon, in the Counties of Somerset and Glou: eJler, from the City of Bath to or near Hanbam's Millt, to make and maintain an Horse Towing-path, for the Purpose of towing and haling with Horses or otherwise. Boats, Lighters, and other Vessels, up and dow n the said River.

[14th August 1807.]

Cap. cxxx.

An Act for draining, embanking, and improving Lands in the Parish of Ottringham in Holdernjs, in the Eril Riding of the County of York.^Mth August 1807.]

Cap. cxxxi.

An Act for prolonging the Term of certain Letters Patent assigned to Henry Fourdrinier and Sealy Fourdrinier* for the Invention of making Paper by meansof Machinery. [ 14th August 18^7.]

u Recital of Letters Patent, aoth April\ 41 G. 3. to Mr. Gamble, for his Machine formating Paper; for Fngm u land, &c. Patent for Ireland, 21 July, 41 G. 3. Patent for Scotland, 20th January 1802. Specifications " enrolled as required by the said Letters Patent. Letters Patent to Mr. Gamble, 7 June, 43 G. V for Improve-" merits; England. Patent for Ireland\ for the said Improvements, I jth Feb uary, 44 G 3. His Patent for u Scotland, 2 [ft October 1803, for the Improvements. Specification of the Improvements enrolled. A flignment* u of the several Patents from John Gamble to Henry Fourdrinier and Sealy Fourdrinier. The foie Rig t to the " improved Machines vested in Messrs Fourdrinier and Mr. Gamble, for 1f Years after the passing the Act, being u an addition of about 7 Years to the Terms in the Patents, §1. — The said Persons empowered to take certain 4t Rates for Licences to be granted by them for using the Machines, $ 2, 3. — Not to hinder the uling any u Invention different from those described in Mr. Gambles Specifications, §4. — Specification of Machine in its u present improved State to be inrolled, §5. — Objections to the Validity of the Patents not to be affected by u this Act, §6. — The Invention shall not become the Property of more than Five Persons at once, contrary to u 6 (j. a. c. 18. — §7. — Public Act, §8.

Cap. cXxxii.

An Act for making better Provision for the Support and Maintenance of the Rector for the Time being of the Farish of Saint George the Martyr, Southwark, in the County of Surrey.

[14th August 1807.]

#< 23 G. 2. c. 36. repealed. — a-Year to be paid to the Rector, to be raised by a Pound Rate — and a House* to be built for his residence.

Cap. cxxxiii.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the City of York to Kexby Bridge, and from Grimston to the upper End of Stone Dale, in the County of York. (/)J [14 th August i8j/ .J

Former Acts, 5 G. 3. f.99. and 26 G. 3. c. 144. repealed.

Cap. cxxxiv.

An Aftforinclosing Lands in the Parish of Brandon, in the County of Suffolk. (q. P.) [14th August 1807.]

See Act 10 Aun,

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. Britanniarum Regis, Quadragesimo octavo.

4 AT the Payment begun and holden at Westminster, the Twenty-second Day of June, Anno Domini 4 IX 1807, in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith; and from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to the Twenty-first Day of January 180S; being the Second Session of the Fourth Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and IrelandJ

CAP. I.

An Act for regulating the issuing and paying off of Exchequer Bills.

[27th February 1808.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that permanent Regulations should be established in relation to the making W out, issuing, and paying off all Exchequer Bills which may hereafter be issued for the raising of any Money under the Authority of Parliament be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by ^nd with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all Powers Pow-ro and Authorities by this Act given to the Commissioners of the Treasury may be used, exercised, and executed stiver to ( ommif-by the High Treasurer for the time being, or any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the fj, 011"5 of Time being; and all Orders and Directions given by any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, in relation to any Matter or Thing mentioned in this Act, upon which the Commissioners Quorum. # of the Treasury' are empowered to give any Order or Direction, shall be as valid and effectual as if given by the Whole of such Commilimners.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all Exchequer Bills which Exchequer Bilk shall hereafter be made forth, under the Authority of any Act of Parliament, shall be prepared and made out Ik» iuad«uut at the Receipt of the Exchequer, in such Method and Form as the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury 34 ir<afury shall think most safe and convenient, and may contain one common Sum or different Sums in the principal cct;

Monies: Provided always, that every such Exchequer Bill shall and may be signed by the Auditor of the Re- am{ by

ceipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, or in his Name by any Person duly authorized by the said Auditor to lign the Auditor, &c.

the fame, with the Approbation of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury in Writing under their Hands;

and that every such Authority shall be duly rendered in the proper Office for the Issue of Exchequer Bills,

and Notice thereof published in the London Gazette, before any Exchequer Bills, ligned by virtue of such

Authority, shall be put into Circulation.

III. And be it further enacted, That all the said Exchequer Bills so to be prepared and made out, either of Wife fh-.l? be one common Sum or different Sums in the principal Monies therein contained, shall be respectively numbered r..1

arithmetically, beginning with the Number One, and so proceeding in an arithmetical Progression ascending, ar'd»'iu*tu\dJy. wherein the common Excess or Difference shall always be one.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and as often as the Commissioners of His Ma- Courfo of jesty's Treasury shall direct any Exchequer Bills to be made out, it shall also be lawful for the said Commissioners Lament, of the Treasury, at any Time or Times thereafter, to give Directions for paying off and discharging the Principal of such Exchequer Bills, or any Part thereof, with the Intend! thereon, out of the Monies r.pplicable by Law to that Purpose, at such Time and in such Manner as to them shall seem moil convenient and beneficial to the Publick Service.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Interest which shall from Time to Time be due upon anv Exchequer Lt'-rrO Bill or Bills wh'eh may be hereafter issued and which shall be made pavabk: in Pait ol any Revenue, Stipplr, "'1

48 Geo. III.'S£ Aid,

1 \k I i 11 [»i!i* pud iu I'm oi

A.D. 1808.

310

Reremie; but not in Hand* of Cot-teton, cc.

When such Bills arc paid in, Parties shall write their Names and ike Date thereon.

Treasury shall dire# Cheques, Indents, and Counterfoils.

Bills defaced shall be exchanged.

Penalty on forging, &c. Exchequer Bills: Felony without Clergy.

Treasury may appoint Paymasters, Comptrollers, &c. for puyincenff Exchequer Bills.

Paymaur r* liable to ('ontroul of Treasury.

C. 1. 48° GEORGII III.

Aid, or Tax, shall be allowed to all Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, paying the same to any Receiver or Collector, Receivers or Collectors, of any of His Majesty's Revenues, Supplies, Aids, or Taxes, to the respective Days whereupon such Bill or Bills shall be so paid: Provided always, that no Interest shall run or be paid upon or for any such Bill or Bills during the Time any such Bill or Bills so paid shall remain in the Hands of any of the said Receivers or Collectors, or in the Hands of any Teller or Tellers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, but for such Time the Interest on every such Bill shall cease.

VI. 4 And, to the End it may be known for what Time such Bills bearing Interest shall from Time to Time remain in the Hands of such Receivers or Collectors, or in the Receipt of the Exchequer as aforesaid; be it further enacted, That the Person or Persons who shall pay any such Bill or Bills so bearing Interest to any Receivers or Collectors of any of His Majesty's Revenues, Supplies, Aids, or Taxes, shall, at the Time of making such Payment on each Bill bearing Interest, and so paid, put his or their Name or Names, and write thereupon in Words at Length the Day of the Month and Year in which he, she, or they so paid such Bill or Bills bearing Interest; all which the said Receivers and Collectors respectively, and also the respective Tellers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, shall take care to fee done and performed accordingly; to which respective Days the said Receivers and Collectors shall be allowed again the Interest which he or they shall have allowed or paid upon such respective Bill or Bills, upon his or their paying the fame into the Receipt of the Exchequer as aforesaid.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted, That all the said Exchequer Bills shall be prepared and made out with such Cheques, Indents, or Counterfoils, as shall be directed by the Commissioners of the Treasury; and that the Person or Persons appointed, or who shall be appointed to pay off the said Bills, shall from Time to Time have the Use and Custody of the Cheques, Indents, or Counterfoils, from which the said Bills shall have been cut, to prevent his or their being imposed upon by counterfeit or forged Bills; and that all the said Cheques, Indents, or Counterfoils, shall be delivered back into the Receipt of the Exchequer, when the said Bills shall have been paid off, cancelled, and discharged, and the Account thereof shall have been audited and allowed.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any of the Exchequer Bills shall by any Accident be defaced, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Treasury from Time to Time to cause a nets Bill or new Bills to be made forth at the Receipt of the Exchequer, in lieu of the Bill or Bills which shall be so defaced, which Bill or Bills so defaced shall be cancelled at the Receipt of the Exchequer, and kept there on a File or Files for that Purpose; and such Bill or Bills so to be made forth in lieu thereof, shall have a like Currency, and shall in all Relpe&s be subjc£l to the same Rules, Methods, and Continuance as the Bill or Bills so defaced, and shall bear the fame Numbers, Dates, and principal Sums, and carry the like Interest as was borne and carried by the Bill or Bills so cancelled respectively.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall forge or counterfeit any Exchequer Bill, 6r any Indorsement or Writing thereupon or therein, or tender in Payment any such forged or counterfeited Bill, or any Exchequer Bill with such counterfeit Indorsement or Writing thereon, or shall demand to have such counterfeit Bill, or any Exchequer Bill with such counterfeit Indorsement or Writing thereupon or therein, exchanged for ready Money or for another Exchequer Bill, by any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, who shall be obliged or required to exchange the fame, or by any other Person or Persons whatsoever, knowing the Bill so tendered in Payment, or demanded to be exchanged, or the Indorsement or Writing thereupon or therein to be forged or counterfeited, and with Intent to defraud His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, or the Persons to be appointed to pay off the fame, or any of them, or to pay any Interest thereupon, or the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, who shall contract or circulate or exchange the fame, or any of them, or any other Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate; then every such Person or Persons so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer as in Cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

X. 4 And whereas, by reason of the Multiplicity of Payments which may be to be made in paying off Ex-f chequer Bills, it may be difficult, if not impossible, that every Payment should be made by the several Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer; therefore, and to the End the Exchequer may regularly be discharged of all the Monies required by any to be applied for paying off any Exchequer Bills, and other Charges attending the fame; be it enacted, That the Commissioners of the Treasury shall and may from Time to Time, by Writing under their Hands, constitute and appoint such Person and Persons, as they shall think fit to be the Paymaster or Paymasters, and shall and may appoint a Comptroller and such other Officers and Clerks as they shall deem necessary, to pay off and discharge the principal Sums which shall from Time to Time be in course of Payment upon any Exchequer Bills; and to pay the Interest due thereupon, and the Premium or Premiums, Rate or Rates, which, according to any Contract or Contracts made or to be made for exchanging and circulating the said Bills, or any of them, shall be due or payable to such Contractors; and to take in and put upon a File or Files, from Time to Time all such Bills as shall be paid off, to be cancelled, as the Commissioners of the Treasury shall diretft; and to do antr perform, or cause and procure to be done and performed, such other Matters and Things in relation to the said Bills, or the Principal and Interest therein to be contained, as to the said Commissioners of the Treasury shall seem meet, and shall be by them directed to be done and performed by such Paymaster or Paymasters, Comptroller or other Officers and Clerks for the Time being; all which Payments shall be made at an Office to be kept in or near the Receipt of the Exchequer at H'tJhTiinJltr for that Purpose; and that the Commissioners of the Treasury shall take or cause to be taken Security from every Person so constituted or appointed, for his duly paying, answering, and accounting for all the Monies which he shall receive, and for his true and faithful Performance of his Office or Trust.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Paymaster or Paymasters shall be subject and liable to such Inspection, Examination, Controul, and Audit, and to such Rules in Respect to paying, accounting, and other Matters relating to the Execution of the said Office or Trust of Paymaster, as the Commissioners of the Trea-

7

48° GEORGII III.

C.

r.

311

Ticafnry nnqr fctlJ' Salaries and Howards; to P*y mailer, &c.

TYeafnry may contract with Perili is to circa* late Bill*.

fury shall think f.t or reasonable to establish or appoint from Time to Time, for the better Execution of the Intent and End of this Act and the Satisfaction of the Proprietors of Exchequer Bills.

XII. And be it further enacted, That as well the Person or Persons constituted or to be constituted Pay-

mnlteror Paymasters, as also the Person or Persons appointed or to be appointed to examine and control)I the Receipts, Payments, and Alls of such Payrnaiter or Paymasters, shall severally have and receive for the Service of themselves and of the Officers and Clerks to be employed under them respectively, and for such Charges as dial] be necessarily incident to the Execution of their respective Offices, such Salaries, Rewards, and Allowances, as the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being shall judge to be reasonable and shall direct, to be allowed to them the said Paymaster or Paymasters, or Comptroller, or to any other Person or Persons employed or to be employed under the Authority of this Act or of any A It or Act of Parliament in relation to the making out or paying off Exchequer Bills; and it shall and may be lawful for such Person or Persons respectively to accept and receive any such Salary, Reward, or Allowance; any former Law, Statute, or Provision to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. ' And for the better supporting the Currency of the said Exchequer Bills, and to the End a sufficient

Provision may be made for circulating and exchanging the tame for ready Money, during such Time as they or

any of them are to he current be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of the Treasury, on his Majesty's Behalf, may from Time to Time enter into any Contrail or Contrails for obliging any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, who will voluntarily undertake this Service, at his or their own Colls or Charges, to circulate and exchange at some Publick Office in London or IVijhmnJler, for ready Money, from Time to Time, all such Bills as shall be demanded at such Publick Office during the Time or respective Times of such Contract or Contrails, by paying in ready Money, at their own Costs and Charges, upon every such Demand, or within Twenty-four Hours after, all the principal Monies contained in every such Bill to be demanded, and the Interest which shall be then due thereupon, and taking in the Bill so exchanged for their own Use, and being allowed a Rate or several Rates, not exceeding such Sum per Annum as shall be fixed in any Alt authorizing the iffuit.g any inch Bills respectively, as well for paying the said Interest at their own Colls, and also in Reward for their Service, upon all the said Bills so undertaken to be circulated; which said respective Rate or Rates shall be paid as is herein after mentioned; and the said Contrail or Contrails shall be made in Writing, and registered in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, and shall be made to endure for such Time and Times respectively as shall be agreed by the Contractors.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Governor, Deputy Governor, and Directors of the Bank of England, shall not be disabled from being elelted or from fitting and voting in the House of Commons, by reason of such Contrails entered into by them on Behalf of or for the Benefit of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of the Treasury shall cause the Monies which shall from Time to Time grow due to such Contrallors upon such respective Rates or Premiums, not exceeding as aforesaid, to be paid out of the Monies applicable by Law to that Purpose, which shall be

issued to the said Paymaster or Paymasters as aforesaid; any former Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no Fee, Reward, or Gratuity shall be demanded or taken diiellly or indirectly by any of Elis Majesty's Officers in the Receipt of the Exchequer, or by any of their Clerks, or by any such Paymaster or Paymasters, or by the Comptroller or by any of the Officers or Clerks under any of them respectively, from any of His Majesty's Subjects, for any Matter or Thing done or to he done by them or any of them in relation to the making out, issuing, or paying off any of the said Exchequer Bills.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That as often as any Interest upon any Exchequer No Interest pay-

B.ll or Bills shall be demanded to be paid, the said Contractors or Paymasters shall not be obliged to a'*'e w ^ian

pay for such Interest to any lets Sum than One Penny upon such Bill, in case a tingle Bill be pro-

duced, or for the Total of tlje Interest of such Bills, where Two or more shall be offered at one Time by the same Person; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. Provided also, and it is hereby enalled, That in case Proof shall be made on the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before the Lord Chief Baron and other the Barons of the Coif of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer, or any of them, that any Exchequer Bill shall, by Casualty or Mischance, have been loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, before the same shall have been paid off and discharged; and if by such Oath or Oaths the Numbers and Sums of such Bill or Bills shall he ascertained, and the said Chief Baron and other the said Barons or any of them, before whom such Oath or Oaths shall be made, shall certify that he or they are satisfied with such Proof; then and in every such Case the Commissioners of the Treasury are hereby authorized to cause the Money due upon such Bill or Bills so loft, burnt, or destroyed, to be satisfied by the said Paymaster or Paymasters, as if the original Bill or Bills were brought in to be paid off 5 provided that the Person or Perfo»3 so receiving the Money do give Security to the King, to the good liking of the Person or Persons appointed or who shall be appointed as aforesaid to pay tiff and take in the said Bills, to pay in to the Receipt oi the Exchequer for the Use of the Publick so much Money as shall be paid upon such Certificate or Certificates, if the Bill or Bills so certified to be loft, burnt, or destroyed, shall be thereafter produced.

XIX. Provided also, and it is hereby enalled, That all Exchequer Bills which from Time to Time shall be discharged and paid off, shall be cancelled and made void by such Person or Persons appointed or who shall be appointed to pay off and discharge the fame; and that after the said Bills shall have been cancelled and made void, and the Accounts thereof shall have been audited and allowed, and the Cheques, Indents, or Counterfoils delivered, back into the Receipt of the Exchequer, then it shall and may be lawful for the Comnufiioners of the

§ 1*.

Governor, &c. of the Bank, contracting, not dif-

aMcd Hum being

M. P.

Pavnn nt of Rate* to Contractors.

No Fees taken.

to-1*

Ono l'cnay.

Relief for Bills loll or (3eiU'»>ed*

Bills dischirwQ /h'tU Iv'canertled, ami Cheques destruyvd.

312

A.D. 1808.

Malt Dufy in

England und»?r 1 G.U. c. 3. (lad continued by 47 G.a.lt.l c. 3.) further continued to 24 June lboy.

Duty oit Malt made in Scotland| 3d. per liufiieJ.

Duties shall be Taised as under ionner Adas.

Hxeept as to

compounding for Duties.

20, ooooh shall lo> uiled in N inland by said Duty o(' 3d per

C. I, 2.

48° GEORGII III.

Treasury to authorize and direct the Auditor of the Receipt of Exchequer to bum Or otherwise destroy the said Cheques, Indents, and Counterfoils, as being of no further Use whatever to the Publick Service*

4 Act may be altered, See. this Session. f 20/

CAP. IT.

An Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain; and on Pensions and Offices in England; and for repealing so much of certain Acts as relate to certain Duties of Sixpence and One Shilling respectively on Offices and Pensions; and for regranting the said Duties of Sixpence and One Shilling respectively, and the said other Duties, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight.

[27th February 1808.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

1 TT7 E, Your Maj city's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray Your Majesty's publick Expences, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty, the Rates, Duties,

and Impositions, herein after mentioned: And do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enactedf and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That within and throughout that part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Ber/wick-upon-Tweed, the Duty for and upon all Malt which, in and by one Act of Parliament passed in the Firil Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, an Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malty Mumy Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and sixty-one, was granted or continued to His Majesty until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty-two, and which, by several subsequent Acts, has from Time to Time been granted and continued to His Majesty until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, shall be further continued, in like Manner, and shall be and is by this Act charged for or upon all Malt which shall be made within that Part of Great Britain, called England, Wales, and the town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, from and after the Twenty-third Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, and before the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That within and throughout that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, there shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, and satisfied, unto and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Malt, the Duty herein after mentioned, (that is to say): For and upon every Bushel of Malt, which at any Time or Times, from and after the Twenty-third Dayr of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, and before the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, shall be made of Barley or any other Corn or Grain in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, by any Person or Persons whatsoever (whether the same shall be or not be for Sale) the Sum of Three-pence, and so proportionally for a greater or less Quantity, to be paid by the Maker or Makers thereof respectively. Which said several and respective Duties by this Act granted and continued respectively, until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, during the Time and Term aforesaid, by the fame Ways, Means, and Methods, and by such Rules and Directions, and with such and the like Allowances and Repayments proportionably, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such Povr«r of Mitigation, and other Powers in all respects, not otherwise directed by this Act, as are prescribed, mentioned, or expressed in the said former Act, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament thereby referred unto, or any of them, for or concerning the Duties by them or any of them granted or continued; and that the same Act formerly made and passed, and the said other Acts hereby referred unto, as for and concerning the said Duties upon Malt, and every Article, Rule, Clause, Matter, and Thing, in them or any of them contained, or thereby referred unto, and now being in force, and not otherwiit altered by this Act, shall be and continue in force and effect, to all Intents and Purposes, for raising, levying, collecting, securing, and accounting for the Rates, Duties, and Impositions hereby granted and continued respectively, and for levying and recovering the Penalties and Forfeitures, and making any Mitigations and proportional Allowances, and all other Matters and Things during the Continuance of this Act, as fully as if the fame were particularly and at large repeated in the Body of this present Act; lave and except as to so much of the said Acts, or either of them, herein mentioned or referred unto, as gave Power to the Commissioners of Excise, or to any other Person or Persons therein named, in England and Scotland respectively, to compound and agree with any Person or Persons for the Duties of such Malt which should grow due or payable from him, her, or them, by the said Acts or either of them; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. 4 And whereas it is the true Intent and Meaning of this present Act, that the full and entire Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, clear of all Charges and Expences of Management and Collection, shall be raised out of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight, by a Malt Tax, to be raised and levied as in England, by a 4 Duty of Three-pence per Bushel on all Malt made and confuracd in Scotland; and in case the said Duty of Three-pence per Bushel upon Malt, to be charged in Scotland by virtue of this Act, being duly iurveyed and collected, shall not be sufficient effectually to raise and answer the said Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds in nett Money, after all Charges and Deductions whatsoever, that then such Deficiency Hi all be made good by a 4 Surcharge to be made upon all Makers of Malt in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, in Proportion

<ia.

A.D. 1808.

48° GEORGII III.

C. 2.

to the Malt they shall nelpeftively make between the Twenty-third Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight and the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, in case it shall appear to the Commissioners of Excite for the time being, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, that the Duty upon Malt made in Scotland by this Act, granted as aforesaid, shall not be fuflkient to answer the clear Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds as aforesaid, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said last-mentioned Commissioners of Excise, and the Officers under them, to make a proportional Surcharge upon all and every Person and Persons who shall have made any Malt in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, within the Year ending the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, or so much Money, by way of additional Duly, upon all the Malt made by such Person or Persons respectively, as shall make good such Person or Persons proportional Part of such Deficiency; which said Surcharges shall be paid to the respective Collectors of the said Duties on Malt by the respective Persons on whom the same shall be so made, within One Month after the same shall be so surcharged, or in Default thereof, the respective Person or Persons who shall neglect or refule to make such Payment, shall forieit Treble the Sum upon him, her, or them respectively surcharged as aforesaid, to be recovered in such Manner as the Duty of Thrcc-pence per JBufliel may be recovered by virtue of this Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament herein-before recited or referred unto; which said Surcharge by way ot additional Duty for making good the Deficiency of the said Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds (if any such Deficiency there shall be) shall be computed and settled as followeth; (that is to say), as the particular Quantity of Midt made by each such Maltster or Maker of Malt in Scotland, within the said Year ending the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine shall bear Proportion to the whole Quantity of Malt made in Scotland within the same Year, so the particular Surcharge-to be made upon such particular Maltster or Maker of Malt, for or towards making good the said Deficiency, shall bear Proportion to the whole Sum which shall be found-to be deficient as aforesaid.

IV. Provided nevertheless, and be it declared by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said Rate of Threepence per Bushel shall produce a greater Sum than the said Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds clear of all Charges of Management, the said Surplusage so produced over and above the said dear Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds shall be wholly applied towards the encouraging and promoting of the Fisheries, and such other Manufactures and Improvements in Scotland, as may moll conduce to the general Good of the United Kingdom, and to no other Uie, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever, in such Manner as directed by an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled, yin yl8 for encouraging and promoting Fishertes and other Manufactures and Improvements in that Bart of Great Britain talkd Scotland.

V. And it is hereby declared and enabled, That in all Cases where the herein-before recited Act of the First Year of His present Majesty's Reign did relate to any Day or Time within the Year which commenced from the Twenty-third Day 01 June One thousand seven hundred and sixty-one, this present Act doth and shall relate to the like Day and Time within the Year commenced from the said Twenty-third Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Malt made in Scotland not to be consumed there, which at any Time or Times bet ween the Twenty-third D ?./ of June One thousand eight hundred and eight and the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, shall be brought into England, Wales, or the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, shall in case the same shall be brought by Sea, be entered with the Officer for the said Duties of the Port where the fame shall be io brought into England, Wales, or the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed aforesaid, and the Sum of Sixpence per Bulbil for the Duties thereof shall be paid to such Officer before landing thereof, unless a Certificate from the proper Officer be produced that it hath paid the said Duty of Three-pence per Buthel in Scotland; and if such Certificate be produced, then there shall be paid no more than Three-pence per Bushel, by virtue of this Act, for such Malt to brought into England; and in case the fame be brought by Land, such Malt shall pass and be carried by and through the Towns of Berwick or Carli/le, and there entered with the Officer for the said Duties, in such of the said Towns by or through which such Malt shall be so earned, and the like Duty of .Sixpenceper Bushel for the same shall be paid down in ready Money, unless such Certificate be produced as aforesaid; but upon producing thereof, then there shall be paid .10 more than Tim e-pence per Bulbil by virtue of this Act; on pain of forfeiting all Inch Malt, or the Value thereof, as shall be landed or put on Shore, or be brought into England without such Entry or Payment of Duties as aforesaid; and in case any Malt made in &9///ifl//shall, during the said Term, be found coming out of Scotland, or be brought from thence by La id by or beyond the Towns before mentioned, v. knout Entry or Payment of the Duties thereof, tlren all such Malt, or the Value thereof, shall be foileited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excite, for IIi> Majesty's Use, One Moiety of the aforesaid Forfeiture to be and go to the King's Majesty, and the other Moiety thereof to such Person or Persons as shall inform, seize, or sue for the fame, or the Value thereof, and to be recovered and levied by such Ways, Means, and Methods as any Penalties and Forfeitures are by this or any the funner Acts relating to the Malt Duties to be recovered and levied, or by Action of Debt, or upon the Case, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of IT is Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Eiluign, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said 'Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand fight hundred and eight, there shall be allowed to Malt tiers and Makers of Malt, for Exportation, for every Twenty Quarters of Barley or other Corner Grain which shall be made into Malt for Exportation, in Cuies if here by Law any Bounty«allowed on the Exportation of Malt, an Allowance of Thirty Quarters after the fame Audi be dried and made into Malt, and no more, upon the Exportation thereof, though by their llecping,

vetting.

313

In Ccfc of J> fi. ciency, a Surcharge shall be made ou Mtk-flush

Surplus (if ar.vl shall be aj t u»-i to the Fisheries in Scotland; under Id G. 2. c. do.

This Act fh 1! 1 relate to tie fame Days of tlit \ < arus lCi.J. c. J.

'Lit brought from Scotland by St a, 11, all be entered at the iirt of Uiulin; . at.l pay ikl.p. 1 Bttlhcl £LdiUviui<«d.

Malt brought ly lauul (lkU.ll be trt.-U red, .'^e. at Ii» r-wi« k or (-'atilt!*.

Malt not so Jbly

etife.t .1, N-t. be b rltiud.

M defter?, for

tve ry -_V ' E'.uct*

of G>u: n luinta

into oinlt, fcrEx-{ar.-u«n, - tWiI be allu\ri <1 Quartern! .T»u.

le

314

Malt shipped for

I*vjH>rtp.tiv-n, a; ul celutuicJ, forfeited.

Every Steeping of Malt for 1.x-nortation he kept frpar&tt till tucal'urcd#

Entice, to Oflfi-for taking Malt oft' Kilu*.

Mult shall he iin-fncihatcly exerted or Cored. Penalty 5oI.

Penalty on c'an-

deftindy opening IjOefc. % ^c. a»f Storehouses, 3001.

Muttfters having Malt Cored ou 2-Jtli June sos, f)<ail clear out St or* houtes of Malt for Kxj'ort-at'u; n, Hitiim 15 Mouths;

And so from Time to Time.

Feualty 50l.

B' rfons heoming Malt lit rs ah<T 2 Mli June J ^0«, shall in like Manner clear tltcir Storehouses every 1 Monde*. Penalty 51.

l Anne, ft. 1. f. 2. feet.

C. 2. 48" GEORGII III. A.D. 1808.

wetting, or watering the fame, the said Twenty Quarters shall be run out to any greater Quantity exceeding

the (hid Thirty Quarters.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if after the shipping of any Malt made to be exported, the Malt so shipped to be exported, or any Part thereof, shall be relanded in any Part of Great Britain, then and in every such Case all the Malt which shall be relauded, and Treble the Value thereof, shall be forfeited, (that is to say) One Moiety thereof to the King, and the other Moiety thereof to the Person or Persons who shall seize, inform, or fuc for the fame; and such Malt, so relanded, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise.

IX. 4 And whereas Malt Iters and Makers of Malt for Exportation do frequently mix the Produce of Two or more Steepings of Corn or Grain that have been entered to be made into Malt for Exportation, on or as soon B3 4 it comes off from the Kiln, by Reason whereof the Officers for the Duties on Malt, cannot ascertain the real Produce thereof, by which Means great Quantities of each Steeping of such Malt are or may be privately conveyed away, and made use of for Home Consumption, though the fame has not been charged with the Duty as all Malt made for Home Consumption ought to be; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Twenty-fourth Day of June'One thousand eight hundred and eight, all and every Maltster or Maltsters, or Maker or Makers of Malt for Exportation, shall keep the whole and entire Quantity of his, her, or their Corn or Grain making into Malt for Exportation, of One Steeping or Wetting, when the same shall be on the Kiln, or after the same shall be taken off the Kiln, separate and apart from all and every Part of any other former Steeping or Wetting of Corn or Grain, until the same shall have been meafuned by such Malt Hers or Makers of Malt, in the Presence of some Officer or Officers for the Duty upon Malt, on Pain of forfeiting and Ioling the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, all such Maltilers or Makers of Malt for Exportation, shall give Notice in Writing to some Officer or Officers of the Duties upon Malt, or shall leave Notice in Writing at the next Office of Excise where the Journal is kept, of the Hour when he, she, or they shall intend to take any Malt off the Kiln or Kilns, that such Officer or Officers may attend the measuring of such Malt; and after such Malt has been measured, the same shall be immediately carried on Shipboard, if intended to be then exported, or else shall be immediately locked up and secured in some Storehouse or other Place belonging to such Maltilers or Makers of Malt, in the Presence of the said Officer or Officers, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, if any such Maltster or Maltsters, or Maker or Makers of Malt, or any ott.er Person or Persons whatsoever, by his Order, Privity, or Direction, after any Steeping or Making of Malt shall have been lacked up and secured in any Storehouse or other Place or Placesin Manner as aforesaid, shall open any of the Locks or Doors, or shall make any Way or kind of Entrance into such Store-House or other Place or Places, or shall remove any Part whatsoever of the Partition between any such Stor?-hotife or Place and any other Place or Places whatsoever next thereunto adjoining, or shall remove out of the said Storehouse or other Place, any Quantity whatsoever of the Malt that has been so locked up and secured, without the Knowledge and Content of, or without fir (I having given Notice to some Officer or Officers for the said Duties, he, she, or they shall relpoctively forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XII. 4 And, the better to enable the Officers for the Duties upon Malt to discover whether all such Malt made for Exportation, and that has been locked up and secured in any Storehouse or other Place or Places to be exported, has been really exported be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every such Maltilcr or Malllers, Maker or Makers of Malt, that on the said Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, shall have any Quantity of Malt locked up and secured in any Storehouse, or any other Placeor Places as is before directed, to be exported, shall, within Fifteen Months next after the said TwentY-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, remove and clear out of his Storehouse, or other Place or Places, all and every Part and Parcel thereof that at any Time after the said Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight shall be locked up and secured in such Storehouse or other Place in order to be exported, and shall always from Time to Time, in every Fifteen Months, remove and clear out of such Storehouse or other Place or Places in order to be exported, all and every Part or Parcel of Malt that at any Time within every Fifteen Months after the last clearing shall be locked up and secured in any Storehouse, or in any other Placeor Places that shall be made use of by him, her, or them, for the keeping of Malt for Exportation, on Pain of forfeiting and losing the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that from and after the said Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, all and ever)' Person or Persons whatsoever that shall become Mahffers or Makers of Malt for Exportation, and shall make iffe of any Storehouse or Storehouses, Place or Places, for the keeping of Malt for Exportation, shall, within Fifteen Months after the Beginning to make use of any such Storehouse or Storehouses, or such other place or Places, remove and clear out of tuch Places, to be exported, all and every Part and Parcel of such Malt that at any Time or Times dial I have bees put into such Placeor Places, within Fifteen Months after he, she, or they (half have begun to make use of such rlace or Places, and shall always from Time to Time remove and clear out of such Storehouse or other Place, to be exported, all and every Quantity of Malt whatsoever that within every F ifteen Months after the last clearing shall at any Time be locked up and secured in such Storehouse or Storehouses, or any other Placeor Places that shall be made use of by him, her, or them, for the keeping of Malt for Exportation, on Pun of forfeiting and loiing the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XIV. 4 And whereas, by a Clause in an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her hte Majesty Queen Anne* intituled, An Act for granting to her Majesty Duties vjxrn Malty Mum, Cyder, end Perry', for (he

|*Sernu

48° GEORGII III.

C. 2.

r» T

Penaltyonforcing Corn toother lit the ( illern, &c. to prevent its riling 5*. p«r Bushel. [And fee 40 c. 3. c. iay. §9.}

Service of the Tear One thousand seven hundred and thirteen, and for making forth Duplicates of Lottery Tickets loft burnt, or defroyedy and for enlarging tht Time for adjufing Claims in several Lottery A3sy ond to puniflj the counterfeiting or forging of Lottery Orders; and for explaining a late A3 in relation to Stamp Duties on cujL mary Efates which pass by Deed and Copy; it was enacted that if any Maltster or Maker of Malt for Sale, during the Continuance of the Duties on Malt by the said Act granted, should tread, ram, or otherwise force together in the Cistern, Uting Fat, or Couch, any Corn steeping or steeped, in order to the making into Malt, every such Maltster or Maker of Malt for Sale should for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence for every Bushel of Corn steeping or deeped, that should be so pre/Ted, trodden, rammed, or forced: And whereas by one other Clause in an Act made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of IT is late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the publick Revenues of 6 G. 1. c. 21. Excise, Cufoms, Stamp Duties, Post Office, and House Money, it was enacted and declared, that if, from and after § C. the Four and Twentieth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and twenty, any Corn in any Cistern or Uting Fat, deeping or deeped in order to the making thereof into Malt by any Maltster or Maker of Malt (other than Compounders for the Duty on Malt) was or should be found, lo hard, close, and compact, as it could not be unless the fame had by some Means or other been forced together to prevent the Rising and Swelling thereof, every Maltster and Maker of Malt (other than Compounders for the Duty on Malt) where the same shall be so found, should in every such Case forfeit and lose the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence per Bushel for every Bushel of such Corn deeping or deeped, which should be found so hard, close, and compact as aforesaid; which said recited Clauses have been duly continued, and are dill in force: And whereas by the last recited Clause no Penalty is provided where Corn deeped in order to the making thereof into Malt, should be found in the Couch so hard, close, and compact, as it could not be unless the fame had by some means or other been forced together to prevent the Riling and swelling thereof; and the Penalties provided by the said recited Clauses have, by Experience, been found ineffectual to prevent the fraudulent Practice of prelfing, treading, ramming, or otherwise forcing together in the Cillern, Uting Fat, or Couch, the Corn or Grain deeping or steeped, in order to the making thereof into Malt, to the Prejudice of His Majesty's Revenue and Discouragement of the fair Traders Be it therefore enacted, and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Twenty-third Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, if any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall tread, ram, or otherwise force together in the Ciitern, Uting Fat, or Couch, any Corn or Grain, steeping or Itceped, in order to the making thereof into Malt, every such Maltster or Maker of Malt flia.ll forfeit and lose the sum of Five Shillings for every Bushel of Corn or Grain, steeping or steeped, that shall be so trodden, rammed, or forced together; or if any Corn or Grain in any Cistern, Uting Fat, or Couch, steeping or steeped, in order to the making thereof into Malt, by any Maltster or Maker of Malt, is or llrall be found so hard, close, and compact, as it could not be unless the fame had by some Means or other been forced together, to prevent the Riling or Swelling thereof, every Maltster or Maker of Malt, where the same shall be so found, shall in every such Case forfeit and lose the Sum of Five Shillings for every Bushel of such Corn or Grain, steeping or steeped, which shall be found so hard, close, and compact as aforesaid; and Proof being made thereof, the same shall be deemed conclusive Evidence of the Fadl, and shall subject the Maltster or maker of Malt to the aforesaid Penalty of Five Shillings per Bushel.

XV. ' And whereas many Maltsters or Makers of Malt do fraudulently convey away from the Cistern, Uting

Fat, or other wetting Place or Utensil, Steepings or Part of Steepings of Corn or Grain making into Malt, and ' mix such Corn or Grain so conveyed away with and amongst Couches or Floors of other Corn or Grain making into Malt, which are then depending and then in Operation, that have been gauged or charged with the Duty

in the Couch, and in case the Officer has taken his Gauge of the Corn or Grain, steeping in the Cistern, Uting

Fat, or other wetting Place or Utensil, such Maltsters or Makers of Malt supply the Deficiency with Fresh Bar-

ley, or other Corn or Grain, in the Absence and without the Privity of the Officer, in order to prevent a Dif-'coveryof such Corn or Grain having been conveyed away; and such Corn or Grain so conveyed away fraudulently re-«ind mixed by an artful and fraudulent Manner of working, seldom is charged with any Duty in the Floor; movin- rn which Practice is greatly detrimental to the Revenue and fair Traders; For Remedy thereof, it is hereby enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, if any Maltster or Maker of Malt Until fraudulently convey away, or cause or procure, or permit or suffer to be conveyed away from the Cistern, Uting Fat, or other wetting Place or Utensil, any Steeping or Part of any Steeping of Corn or Grain making into Malt, and shall mix such Corn or Grain so conveyed away with and amongst any such Couch or Couches, Floor or Floors, of other Corn or Grain making

into Malt, which are then depending and in Operation, and which have been gauged or charged with the Duty in the Couch; or if any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall fraudulently convey away, or cause or procure, or permit or suffer to be conveyed away from the Cistern, Uting Fat, or other wetting Place or Utensil, any Steeping or Part of any Steeping of Corn or Grain making into Malt, so that no Gauge of such Corn or Grain so conveyed away can be taken in the Couch by the Officer; then and in each of the said Cases every such Maltster and Maker of Malt so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, RCrov«ry of for any Offences against this Act, so far as the fame relates to the said Duty on Malt, shall be sued for, levied, Peiuluc*. and recovered, or mitigated, by the fame Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Penalty or Forfeiture given by any of the Laws of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, can or may be sued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated, or by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminstert and that one Moiety of such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures,

/Iall be to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them that shall dikover, inform, or sue for the fame,

LkXVII. And

Penalty Tor fraudulently conveying from the ( if-torn, &c. Cum steeping and mixing it with Com charged with Duty:

moving Com to prevent a Gauge beiiiij taken, IOO. [And Jet 46 G« 3. c. 1J9 h 10.j

3*6

7 n. i. ft. i,

c. 37.

1*1 G. 1. . 3.

Cl G. 2. c. 22.

32 G. 2. C. 33.

a: g. 3. e. i3.

J'-v'h Pruts of the; r '-.trj .A <"!SYS Tf V.(f tOht' <: <J. a;!s. I)u»'jos f>l. (l&i'tXf ive. rrpeait J.

J3utle« r.rfir!. an; ! lr. in the lVi.n.i cn IVnijons r*»vl f J'TVrs, in ih u (, f jaunts repealed.

C. 2. 48° GEORGII III. A.D. 1808.

XVII. 4 And whereas by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Mk-

jesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for rafing a Sum not exceeding Five hundred thousand Pounds, by 4 'charging Annuities at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum upon the Civil List Revenues, till redeemed by the Crown; and for enabling His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, (by causing such a Deduction to be made as therein is mentioned) to make good to the Civil Lijls the Payments which shall have been made upon the said Annuities; and for borrowing Money upon certain Lottery Tickets; and for discharging the Corpora*

4 /ions for A fur assets of Part of the Money which they were obliged to pay to His Majesty; and for making good a Deficiency to the East India Company; it was amongst other Things enacted, that ' it might be lawful for His Majesty to cause a Deduction to be made, not exceeding Sixpence in the

Pound, out of all Monies which, after the First Day of August, should be paid for or upon all Penfious and Annuities charged upon any of the said Hereditary, or Temporary Duties, and for and upon ' all Salaries, Fees, and Wages payable for or in respect of Offices of Profit granted by or derived from the

Crown, with certain Exceptions therein particularly speeifled: And whereas by one other Act passed in the

Twelfth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Firit, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of One Million, to be raised by way of a Lottery, the said Deductions were further continued for the Pui*poses in that Ad mentioned: And whereas by one other Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Offices and Pensions, and upon Hotifes, and upon Windows or Lights, and for raising the Sum of Five Millions by Annuities, and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Rates and Duties; it was among other Tilings enacted, that there Should be yearly raised, levied, and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the Sum of One Shilling over and above all other Duties already charged or payable, for every Twenty Shillings of the yearly Value or Amount of all Salaries, Fees, and Perquisites, incident to or received

for or in Respect of all Offices and Employments of Profit in Great Britain, and the like Sum of One Slril-

ling for every Twenty Shillings of ail Pensions and other Gratuities payable out of any Revenue belonging to His Majesty in Great Britain, exceeding the Value of One hundred Pounds per Annum: And whereas by one other Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act made in thelajl Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty fveral Rates and Duties upon Offices and Pensions, and upon Houset, and upon Windows or Lights, and for raising the Sum of Five Millions by Annuities, and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Rates and Duties, so far ns the fame relates to the Rates and Duties on Of ices and Pensions, certain Fro*

vilions were made for collecting and paying the said la(t-mentioned Duty of One Shilling in the Pound: And whereas by an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Duties of Cnfoms and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties composing the Public k Revenue, for permitting the Imports 4 t ion of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives to the Reduction of the National Debt, the said respective Duties of Sixpence and

One Shilling were carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund: And whereas much Difficulty, and many Omissions, Iwconveniencies, and Irregularities arise, in charging, deduding, collecting, and accounting for the said Duties of Sixpence and One Shilling in the Pound respectively and it is therefore expedient that further and more convenient and effectual Provisions should be made for the deduding, alfefiing, levying, col-

leding, and managing the fame, and that the fame should be consolidated; and for that Purpose, that the said several Acts of Parliament, passed in the Seventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King George the

Firli, and in the Thirty-first and Thirty-second Years of the Reign of King George thz Second, and in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the said Duties of Sixpence and One Shilling, respectively, should be repealed Be it therefore further enacted, That the said recited Acts of Parliament, passed in the Seventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King George the First, and the Thirty-first and Thirty-second Years of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Twenty, seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, respectively, so far as the same relate to the said Duties of Sixpence and One Shilling, respectively, Avail, from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, be, and the same are hereby repealed; save and except as to the levying, collecting, recovering, and accounting for any Arrears of such Duties, or the recovering of any Penalties or Forfeitures which may have arisen, or been incurred, or which may be incurred in respect thereof.

XV ITT. And be it further enacted, That for and upon all Pensions and Annuities charged upon any of His Majesty's Revenues, or any Rates or Duties granted to His Majesty, or upon the Contingent Fund, Fees, or Incidents of any Office, or upon any Publick Monies, and also upon aX Salaries, Fees, and Wages payable for or in respect of Offices of Profit granted by or derived from the Crown, upon, for, or in respect of which, before the prifling of this Act, the fa: d Deduction of Sixpence in the Pound was charged or -chargeable, there shall be imposed a Duty of Sixpence in the Pound; and for and upon every Twenty Shillings of the Yearly Value or Amount of all Salaries, Fees, and Perquisites incident to, or received for or in respect of all Office!md Employments of Profit, and for every Twenty Shillings of all Pensions and other Gratuities payable out of any Revenue belonging to His Majesty in Great Britain or out of the Contingent Fund, Fees, or Incidents of any Office, or out of any Publick Monies exceeding the Value of One hundred Pounds per Annum, and in re. sped of which Pensions and other Gratuities before the passing of this Act the said Deduction of One Shilling j»n the Pound was charged or chargeable or made or liable to be made, there shall be charged a Duly of One Shilling; and the Payment of One of such Duties of Sixpence or One Shilling respectively, shall not exempt

48° GEORGII III.

C. 2. 317

ot' 46 G.

C. 6S*

a.

©rdischarge any Person from paying the other of such Duties, if such Persons shall have beefi chargeable with or liable to pay more than One of such Duties by any such former Acts of Parliament.

XIX. Provided alway8, and be it further enacted, That the said several Duties of Sixpence and One Shilling Continuance of

respectively, herein-before by this Act granted, shall be charged and chargeable for One Year from the Twenty*. Duties, one fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight. V w from 25th

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said several and respective Duties before granted by this Act, of on

Sixpence and One Shilling respectively, shall be deducted, assessed, raised, levied, paid, and collected, and ac- JWuma, Accounted for, during the Time and Term aforesaid, by the fame Wayfr, Means, and Methods, and by the same shall be Rules, Regulations, and Directions, and under such Provisoes, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and with such uV^r I5*0^100* Power of Mitigation, and other Powers, as far as the same are applicable to the Purposes of this Act, in re-

lation to the said Duties of Sixpence and One Shilling, as are prescribed and expressed in an Act, made in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, an Act for granting to His Majesty during the present IVar, and until the Sixth Day of April next after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, fur* ther additional Rates and Duties in Great Britain, on the Rates and Duties on Profits artfing from Property, Pro-fcjftons, Trades, and Offices; and for repealing an Act, passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repealing certain Parts of an Sift, made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for granting a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Prof efforts, Trades, and Offices, and to confiolidate and render more effectual the Provisions for cohering the said Duties, with respect to the said Duties imposed by that Act on Salaries, Fees, Wages, or other Perquisites or Profits accruing by reason of Offices or Employments of Profit, and on Annuities, Pensions, and Stipends; and every Article, Rule, Clause, Matter, and Thing in the said LII-recited Act contained, and now in force with relation to the Duties granted by that Act, shall be in force and effect (as far as the same are applicable) to all Intents and Purposes, for deducing, addling, raising, levying, collecting, securing, and accounting for the said Duties of Sixpence and One Shilling so by this Act granted as aforesaid, and for levying and recovering all Penalties and Forfeitures which may be incurred in respect thereof, as fully and effectually as if the fame were particularly repeated in this Act, and made Part thereof.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the several Commissioners authorized to act in the Execution of the said recited Act made in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in relation to the Duties imposed by that Act on Offices or Employments of Profit, and on Pensions or Stipends, shall be Commissioners for putting in Execution this Act, and shall have the like Powers and Authorities for deducting, affelling, raising, and collecting the said Duties by this Act granted, of Sixpence and One Shilling respectively, and shall be entitled to the fame Protections, Privileges, and Immunities, as are given them by the said recited Act made in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, with relation to the Duties granted by the said recited Act upon Salaries, Fees, Wages, and other Perquisites and Profits accruing by reason of Offices tad Employments of Profit, and on Annuities, Pensions, and Stipends.

XXII.*And whereas by an Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled, An Act for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase in the Manner therein fated, the several

Sum of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax, for One Tear, from the Twenty fifth Day of March

One thousand/even hundred and ninety-eight, the several and respective Sums of Money granted to your Majesty,

by a Laud Tax, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, which were or mould be charged on any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in Great Britain, are, after the

Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, continued and made perpetual, with

a Provision that the several Sums of Money charged upon Estates in ready Money, Debts, Goods, Wares, Mer-

chandize, or Personal Estates, or upon any Person or Persons in respect of any Publick Office or Employment of

Profit in the said Act mentioned, should, after the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, be ascertained, levied, collected, and paid according to the Directions of any Act or Acts to

be passed for that Purpose be it therefore enacted, That the several and respective Sums of Money which shall have been or shall he charged upon Estates, in ready Money, Debts, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Chat tell, or other Personal Ellate, by virtue of an Act, passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and which were not authorized to be sold in or by another Act made and passed in the fame Thirty-eighth Year aforesaid, intituled, An Act for making perpetual fubied to Redemption and Purchase in the Manner therein fated, the several sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax, for one Tear, from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and also the several Sums of Money charged by virtue of the said recited Act made in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty* Reign, in respect of any Publick Offices or Employments, or any Annuities, Pensions, Stipends, or other Annual Payments, shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto His Majesty within the Space of One Year from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, and shall be ascertained, assessed, and taxed in such Manner and Form as are herein after expressed.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Sums of Money which shall have been or shall be charged by virtue of the said recited Act made in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign on Personal Estates as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby set and imposed on the several and respective Panthes, Constablewicks, Divisions, Allotments, and Places, wherein the fame have been or shall befo charged by virtue of the said last-mentioned Act; and that towards raising the said several and respective Sums of Money hereby charged on the respective Parishes, Constablewicks, Divisions, Allotments, and Places in England,

Wales, and Berwick-upon-Tweed, in respect of such Personal Ellate as aforesaid, all and every Person and Per- Pound Rate: {*y-lout, Bodies Politick and Corporate* Guilds and Fraternities, within the same Parishes, Constablewick. % W«rtcrl/.

' 4B Geo. III. T t Divisiosit,

CommWon^rt under 46 G. 3* c. 65. shall be Commissioners for levying said Duties pa Pea-flOUS, &c.

38 G. 0. c. 6#,

Hates on Perdrma! Estate charged by as G. 3. c. 5. and not authorized to be sold by 3 8 G. A. c. 60. and on Oflices. &c. shall be levied within on* Year from 25 March 1 SOP.

Sums charged on JVrional Eflaui bylsG. ). c. 5.§ j.

shall be imjKitrvi on PjTtllies and raised on lYrfonal Estates, &c. by a

A.D. 1808.

Offices and Employment* ratctt by -US G. 3. c. 5. (<xc« pt Naval or Military Offices) shall pay the Kate aiVelled thereon under that A6i, §J.*

Com milliners of Land Tax appointed by 4$ G. a. C. 48. and 46 G. 3. c. 107. shall put this Act in execution.

C. 1. 48 GEORGII III.

Divisions, Allotments, and Places respectively, having any Estate in ready Money, or in any Debts vhatfocvrr owing to them within Great Britain or without, or having any Estate in Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Chattel*-, or other Personal Dilate whatsoever, within Great Britain or without, belonging to or in trull for them (except and out of the Premises deducted such Sums as he, she, or they do bond side owe, and such Debts owing to them as shall be adjudged desperate by the respective Commissioners appointed by this Act; and also except the Stock upon Lands, and such Goods as are used for Household Stutf; and also except such Loans and Debts as are or shall be owing from His Majesty to any Person or Persons) shall be charged, with as much Equality and Indifference as is possible, by a Pound Rate, that is to say, by an equal Pouad Rate for every One hundred Pounds of such ready Money and Debt6, and for every One hundred Pounds worth of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, Chattels, or other Personal Ellate, and so for any lesser or greater Sum or Value, for or towards the said several and respective Sums by this Act set or impaled, or intended to be set or imposed, for and upon all and every such Parishes, Constablewicks, Divisions, Allotments, and Places hereby ch .rged therewith as aforesaid; 10 that by the said Rates so to be taxed or a/Tefled as aforesaid for or upon the said ready Money, Debts, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Chattels, or other Personal Estate, according to the Purport and true Meaning of this present Act, the full and entire Sums hereby set or imposed, or intended to be set and imposed, in England, Wales, and Berwick as aforesaid, upon the said Personal Estates, IhaJI be completely and effectually taxed, assessed, levied, and collected, and shall be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer by Four quarterly Payments, the first Payment thereof to be made on or before the Twenty-fourth Day of June which shall be in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and eight.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That for and towards raising the several Sums of Money charged as last aforesaid on Persons in respect of Publick Offices or Employments of Profit, all and every Person and Persons, and all and every Commissioner and Commissioners having, using, orexercifing any Publick Office or Employment of Profit in England', Wales, or Berwick as aforesaid, which is or shall be rated or assessed by virtue of an Act, passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for grantirg an Aid to His Majesty ly a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Tear One thousand/even hundred and ninety-eight, and all and every their Clerks, Agents, Secondaries, Substitutes, and other inferior Ministers whatsoever (such Military Officers who are or shall be in muster by the Muster Master General of His Majesty's Army, or in Pay in His Majesty's Army or Navy in respect of such Offices, only excepted) shall yield and pay unto His Majesty any Sum not exceeding the Sum at which such Office or Employment was assessed in the Year commencing from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, by virtue of the said Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty ly a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and that all and every Person and Persons, Guilds, Fraternities, Bodies Politick and Corporate, having an Annuity, Pension, Stipend, or other yearly Payment, either out of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in England or out of any Branch of his Majesty's Revenue in Great Britain, or payable, or lccured to be paid by any Person or Persons whatsoever in Great Britan (not being or issuing out of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or charged upon the fame, or included in any AlTe/Tment made upon Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, mentioned in the said Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, and not being Annuities or yearly Payments which, by any Act or Acts of Parliament made or to be made, are or shall be especially exempted from the Payment of Taxes or Aids) shall yield and pay unto his Majesty the Sum of Four Shillings for every Twenty Shillings by the Year for every such Annuity, Pension, Stipend, or yearly Payment respectively, and after that Rate lor One whole Year; the said several Rates and Sums of Money hereby granted to be assessed, imposed, levied, and collcded, in such Manner as herein after is mentioned.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That for the better a/Teffing, ordering, levying, and collecting of the ft* veral Sums of Money so as last aforesaid limited and appointed to be raised and paid in the aforesaid Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and Berwick-upon-Tweed, in respect of Personal Estates, and in respect of Offices or Employments of Profit, and Annuities, Pensions, Stipends, and other yearly Payments, and for the more effectual putting this Act in Execution, in reference to the fame, all and every the Person and Persons who in and by an A 5 of Parliament, made and passed in the Forty-fifth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners for tutting into Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates in England, and certain Dutiet on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and Jive; and on Act, made in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; or in and by one other Act, made in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for rectifying Mflakes in the Names of the Commissioners appointed by an Act, made in the lafSeJ-fion of Parliament, intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners for putting into Execution an Act of this Session of

Parliament, for continuing and granting to his Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates in Er.g.

land, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain, for the Service of the 7'tar One 1 thousand eight hundred and Jive; and an Act made in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, for grant-

ing an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight f and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in thefrjl-mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for continuing and granting to His Mapjiy a

4.8° GEORGII III.

C. 2.

3*9

Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Efates in England, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and six, also the said Act % made in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Mcijefy; and for indemnifying such Persons as hare adedas Commissioners for executing the said Acts, were named and appointed Commissioners for putting in Execution the fame Acts within the several Counties, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, Divisions, and Places of England, Wales, and Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, duly qualifying themselves according to the said Act, passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raifrd in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven him-dredand ninety-eight, in that Behalf, shall be Commissioners for putting in Execution this present Act, and the Powers therein contained, within and for all and every the Parishes, Constablewicks, Divisions, Allotments, and Places, situate within the same Counties, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, Divisions, and Places respectively: Unless, before the Day herein after appointed for the first Meeting of the Commissioners for putting this A A into Execution, some Act or Acts of Parliament shall be made and passed, for naming and appointing Special Commissioners for putting into Execution this present Act; in which case no Person or Persons shall be empowered, by virtue of any Nomination or Appointment by any former Act, or by this Act of Parliament, to act as a Commissioner for putting this present Act into Execution.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the several Commissioners last aforesaid shall meet together at the moil usual and common Places of Meeting within their respective Hundreds, Lathes, Rapes, Wapentakes, Wards, and other Divisions respectively, within England, Wales, and Berwick-upon-Tweed, within which they are appointed Commissioners, on or before the Thirtieth day of April One thousand eight hundred and eight, and Avail meet afterwards in like Manner as often as it shall be necessary, for putting so much of this Act in Execution as it hereby committed to their Care and Charge; and the said Commissioners, or so many of them as shall be present at inch Meeting or Meetings, or the Major Part of them, are hereby authorized and required to insped and examine the AssessmeHts made by virtue of the said recited Act made in the Thirty-eighth Year aforesaid, for the Year ending on the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, and ascertain the several and respective Sums of Money charged by virtue of the said last mentioned Act, in every Parish, Confta-hlewick, Division, Allotment, or Place, for and in respect of any Estate in ready Money, Debts, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Chattels, or other Personal Estate, and also for and in respect of any Offices or Employments of Profit, Annuities, Pensions, or Stipends, as aforesaid, by any Assessment made for the said Year ending on the said Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, and separate, divide, and set down in Writing, the Amount of the several and respective Sums charged upon Estates, in ready Money* Debts, Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, Chattels, or other Personal Estate, and also the several and respective Sums charged in respect of any Offices or Employments of Profit, Annuities, Pensions, or Stipends, as aforesaid, from the Monies charged in such Parishes, Constablewicks, Divisions, Allotments, or Places, by virtue of the said last mentioned Act, upon Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments; and the said Commissioners are hereby required to deliver, or cause to be delivered, a Schedule or Duplicate in Parchment under their Hands and Seals, fairly written, containing the whole Sum assessed on each Parish, Constablewick, Division, Allotment, or Place, where any Assessment shall have been made upon Personal Estates, or in respect of Offices and Employments of Profit, Annuities, Pensions, or Stipends, and also the Christian Names and Surnames of the respective Assessors and Coiledors under the Receiver General of each County, Riding, City, Borough, Town, and Place respectively, where such Assessments shall have been made, or his Deputy, and shall transmit or cause to be transmitted a like Schedule or Duplicate into the King's Remembrancer's Office of the Exchequer, and this the Commissioners shall cause to be done on or before the Tenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eight; for which Duplicates the Receiver and Remembrancer, or their respective Deputies, shall give to the Person who brings the fame, a Receipt in Writing, gratis, under the Penalty of Ten Pounds, to be recovered to the King's Use, as other Penalties are by this Act recoverable.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Parish or Place in which any Assessment shall have been, or shall be made, under and by virtue of the said last recited Act, on any Person or Persons in respect of any Offices or Employments of Profit, Annuities, Pensions, or Stipends, by any Assessment for the Year ending on the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, shall, from and after that Time, be wholly discharged from so much of the Sums to be levied upon such Parish or Place, according to the Proportions established under the said recited Act.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things, which, in and by the said Act, passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, are provided and established for af-cerUining, raffing, levying, mitigating, adjudging, paying, and managing the Rates and Assessments gTanted by the said lift mentioned Act; and which by the said other Act, passed in the fame Thirty-eighth Year aforesaid", intituled, An Act for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase in the Manner therein fated, the fe-vetol Sum of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax, for one Tear, from the 'Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, are continued and made pemetual, in relation to the Rates and Assessments charged on Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, until the Redemption and Purchase thereof, shall be practised, used, and put in Execution in and for the ascertaining, raising, levying, mitigating, adjudging, paving, and managing the said lafi-mentioned Rates, Assessments, and Sums of Money to be charged, afieffed, and levied by virtue of this Act, in respect of Personal Estates, and in respect of Offices or Employ-ftcsti of Profit, and Annuities, Pennons, Stipends, and other yearly Payments, as fully and effectually, to

Unlc-fa Speetl}" OmroilTvoner* shall he appointed by Come A&-

Commiflfionm, shall meet before 30 Ap. JbOR, to insped Assess-roents, to 1b March 00 Perfimal Estates as <lilUn<ft from Land: and (halt before 10 May return Schedules-of Assessment to Receiver Gemra* and the Exchequer.

Receipts for Schedules,

Places where Assessments h«ve been made for the Year «: Qb March son. discharged firort the Sums levied.

Powers and Penalties uH'T 38 G. 3. C. 5 :

& 38 G. O.C. CO extended to dus Act.

3 20 C*

48" GEORGII III.

A.D. 1808.

Under 88 G. 8.

r.S, Newc«flle on T>, n* m»s charged with a certain Sum, part theft-of raised on the Amount of the Duty on Coals, which, under 39 0.3. c. 64: 39, 40G.3. c. 43. was purchased from the Duke of Richmond, and the said Duty was vested in the Crown.

On Certificate of

('omrodrioners of I And T ax lor Newcastle, to the Exchequer, of the Sumschaigtd on laid Duty, ^Exchequer may discharge the km*.

Where d^firion-eie« arise new AiTefTmcnu shall ho made.

persons ftull be rated where reii-dent;

out ofttie

Kingdom, in the Aflace of their lall Abode.

Person*! EIVa»e 8>a'l be assessed these k IhaM be,

all Intents and Purpose«, as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Penalties, and Forfeitures, Clause* Matter?, and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this Act*

XXIX. Whereas by an Act, passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, far the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, the Town and County of the Town of Newcaille upon-Tyne was charged in the Sum of Two thousand five hundred and eighty Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Four-pence* Part whereof has been raised and charged on the Duty herein after mentioned: And whereas by two Acts, one thereof passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable the J.ords Commissioners of the Treasury to contract with the Mcfl Noble Charles Duke of Richmond for the absolute Purchase of the Property of the said Duke, and all others interested, in a certain Duty of Twelve-pence per Chaldron on Coalsjhipped in the River Tyne, to be consumed in England, and to grant a Comfenfatton for the fame, by way of Annuity, payable out of the Corf olid at ed Fund; and the other thereof passed in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled, An Act to confirm an Agreement entered into between the Commi(flatters of His Majesty's Trees fury, and the Most Noble Charles Duke of Richmond, in pursuance of an Act passed in the Thirty ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, 'An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to contra ft with the Most Noble Charles Duke of Richmond for the absolute Purchase of the Property of the said Duke, and all others interested', in m certain Duty of Twelve-pence per Chaldron on Coals flipped in the River Tyne, to be consumed in England, and to grant a Compensation for the fame by way of Annuity, payable out of the Consolidated Fund, ' and by virtue of the Agreement therein recited, the said Duty, from and after the Twenty-second Day of August One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, was veiled in, and made payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the fame hath ever since been collected with and paid as the other Duties of Cuiloms have been collected, and paid; and it is therefore just that the said Town and County of the said Town, Should, from the above Period, be exonerated and discharged from the Amount annually charged on the said Duty as aforesaid; Be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the said Town and County to certify to the Barons of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer, what Sum and Sums of Money have been charged on the Duty in the said Two lull recited Acts mentioned since the Day of the Surrender of the fame, by virtue of the said Two lall-recited Acts, and the Agreement therein mentioned; and the said Barons, or any Two or more of them, have hereby Power, by their Discretions, at any Time before the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, to discharge or cause to be discharged so much of the said Sum of Two thousand five hundred and eighty Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Four-pence, as shall appear to them to have been charged on the said Duty, since the said Twenty-second Day of August One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; and the said Sums shall or may be discharged upon the Duplicates returned or to be returned for the said Town and County, and Hull be allowed upon the Accounts of the Receivers General, and the Inhabitants of the said Town and County shall be acquitted against His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for the Payment of such Sums so discharged, or ordered to be discharged, by the Barons of the said Exchequer, as well for the Assessments heretofore made as for all Assessments hereafter to be made; any Thing in the said first recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That in case the Proportions let by this Act upon all and every the re-speciive Parishes, Conllablewicks, Divisions, Allotments, and Places in England, Wales, and Rerwick-upon-lwesd, in respect of any such Personal Estate as aforesaid, shall not be fully assessed, levied, and paid, according to the true Meaning thereof, or if any of the said Assessments, in respect of such Personal Estate, shall be rated or imposed upon any Person not being of Ability to pay the same, or that through any Wilfulness, Neglect, Mistake, or Accident, the said Assessment charged in each Parish or Place as aforesaid by virtue of this Act, happens not to be paid to the Receiver General, his Deputy or Deputies, as in this Act is directed; that then and in all and every such Case or Cases the several and respectire Commissioners, Assessors, and Collectors, adtiyg in the Execution of this Act in relation to the said Duties on Personal Estates, and the said last-mer.tioued Duties in respect of Offices and Employments of Profit, Annuities, Pensions, Stipends, and other yearly Payments, and every of them respectively, are hereby authorized and required toaffefs and re-afiefs, or cause to he afleiledaud rc-assessed, levied, and paid, all and every such Sum and Sums of Money upon the respective Parishes or Places wherein such Deficiencies shall happen, as to such Commissioners, or such Number of them as by this Act are authorized to cause the said first Assessment hereby required to be made, shall seem moll agreeable to Equity and Justice; the said new Assessment to be made, collected, and paid in such Manner, and by such Means asm this Act or any Act hereby referred to, is declared and directed for other Assessments,

XXXI. 4 And in order to ascertain more particularly the Mode of asse fling and rating the several Persons who shall be charged with any Rate or Assessment in respect of any Estates in ready Money, Debts, or Personal Eh

tate, in England, h ales, or Berwick-upon-Tweed \* be it further enacted, That every Person who is or shall be rated for or in respect of any Personal Estate to him or her anyways belonging, Avail be rated at such Place where he or Pne shall be ref, dent at the Time of the Execution of this Act; and all Persons not being House-holders, nor having a certain Place of Refulence, shall be taxed at the Place where they shall be resident at the Time qd the Execution of this Act; and if any person who ought to be taxed in England, Wales, or Berwick- upon Tweed, by virtue of this Act, for or in respect of his or her Personal Estate, shall, at the Time of his or her Assessment, be out of the Realm, such Person shall be rated therefore in such Parish, Constablewick, Division, Allotment, or Place, where he was lait abiding within this Realm.

XXXII. Provided always, That where any Person shall have any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Chattels, or Personal Estate, in any Parish or Parishes, Constablewick or Conllablewicks, Division or Division$, Allotment or Allotments, or Place or Places, other than the Parish, Constablewick, Division, Allotment, or

Place

48 GEORGII III.

C. 2.

321

Place where heor she shall be resident, orhad hisor her Residence, it shall be lawful it any Time before the Twenty, the pol*-

fourth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eight to rate and assess such Person for such Goods, Wares, reiideeelfe* Merchandize, Chattels, or Personal Estate, in any Parish or Parishes, Constablewick or Constablewicks, Division whert'* or Divisious, Allotment or Allotments, or Place or Places where the same shall be: Provided also, that if any Person Persons doubly or Persons, by reason of his, her, or their having several Mansion Houses or Places of Refute nee, or otherwise, 1W1 be re-shall be doubly charged for any Personal Estate by occasion of this Act, then upon Certificate made by any beved on Certifir Two or more of such Commissioners for the County, Riding, City, or Place of his, her, or their last Personal*'

Residence, under their Hands and Seals, of the Sum or Sums charged upon him, her, or them (which Certificate the Paid CommifTiuners are hereby required to give without Delay, Fee, or Reward), and upon Oath made of such Certificate before any Two such Commissioners who have Authority to put this Act in Execution for the County, Riding, City, or Place, where the said Certificate shall be made, (which Oath such Commissionert are hereby authorized and required to administer) then the Person or Persons so doubly charged shall, for so much as shall be certified, be discharged in every other Parish, Constablewick, Division, Allotment, or Place in England, Wales, or Berwick-upon-Tweed*

XXXIII. Provided also, That this Act shall not extend to the Inhabitants of Scotland, Ireland, Jersey, or Exemption of Guernsey, forafTeffing any such Personal Estate which they, or any to their Use, have within those Places, for Perioua! KiUte , or towards the said Sum hereby authorized to be charged upon any Paril"h or Parishes, Constablewick or Confta- in Scotland, biewicks, Division or Divisions, Allotment or Allotments, or Place or Places in England, Wales, and Berwick- Ire, 'tmb upon-Tweed as aforesaid: And if any Person that ought to be taxed by virtue of this Act, for or in respect of per{ous availing his or her Personal Estate, shall, by changing his or her Place of Residence, or by any other Fraud or Covin, the* 'l ax charged-escape from the Taxation, and not be taxed and the fame be proved before the Coinmiiiiotiers, or any Two or Treble.

more of them, at any Time within One Year next after such Tax made, every Person that shall so escape from the Taxation and Payment, shall be charged, upon Proof thereof, at Treble the Value of so much as he or she shouldor ought to have been charged at by this Act , the said Treble Value, upon Certificate thereof made into the Exchequer by the Commissioners before whom such Proof shall be made, to be levied on the Goods, Lands, and Hereditaments of such Persons.

XXXIV. 'And, for the better Discovery of Personal Estate intended to be charged by this Act; 9 be it further enacted, That every Householder in England, Wales, or Berwick-upon-Tweed, shall upon Demand of the Assessors of the respective Parishes or Places, give an Account of the Names and Qualities of such Persons as shall sojourn or lodge in their respective Houses, under the Penalty of forfeiting to His Majesty the ot J

Sum of Five Pounds, to be levied and recovered in such Manner as any other Penalty in this Act mentioned

shall and may be levied and recovered.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the several Members of Parliament who at the Execution of this Act, during this or the subsequent Session of Parliament, shall abide within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Suburbs of the fame, or within the County of Mid diefex, shall, for or in respect of their ready Money or Debts, or any other Tax which may be laid on their Personal Estate or Persons in respect thereof, during this or the next Session of Parliament, be assessed only in the Places where such Members have their Mansion Ho ifes, or other Places where they most usually reside during the Intervals of Parliament; and in calc any Assefibr or Commissioner shall assess, or cause to be assessed, any Member of Parliament contrary to the Provision hereby made, he or they shall forfeit to the Party grieved the Sum of Forty Pounds to be recovered by Action of Debt or upon the Case, together with full Costs of Suit; any Thing herein contained to the contrary not with (landing.

XXXVI. Provided always, That where any Person liable to be rated in respect of such Personal Estate, and inhabiting within the City of London, or any other City or Town Corporate in England, Wales, or Berwick-upon-Tweed, hath his Dwelling House in One of the Parishes or Wards therein, and hath any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, in any One or more of the other Parishes or Wards within the same, that then such Person shall be taxed, charged, and assessed for such his Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the Parish or Ward where he dwelleth, and not elsewhere, within the said City and Town Corporate.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Officers in the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, and in other the Publick Offices, upon request to them made by the respective Assessors, shall deliver, gratis, true Lifts or Accounts of all Pensions, Annuities, Stipends, or other Annual Payments, and of all Fees, Salaries, and other Allowances, payable at the said Receipt, or in the said Publick Offices, to any Commissioner or Commissioners, Officer or Officers, for the Execution of this Act for the better Guidance of the said Aflcftorsin the charging of tb*fame; and that in all Cases whereany Peiifior.s, Annuities, Stipends, or other yearly Payments, or the Fees, Sal.tries. Wages, or other Allowances or Profits charged by tins Ad, shall be payable at the Receipt of the Exchequer, or at any ether Public Office, or by any of His Majesty's Receivers or Pay mail err A*'*' lt* in England, Wales, or Berwick-upon Tweed, the said last-mentioned Tax or Payment, which in purfuarce of ^°PP^ OMt this Act shall be charged for or in respect of such Annuities, Stipends, Fees, Salaries, Wages, Allowances, c Kulwu* c* or Profits, shall and may (in case of non-payment the reof) be detained ai d (lopped out of the fame, or out of any Money which shall be paid upon such Pensions, Annuities, Stipei ds, Fees, Salaries, Wages Allowances, or Profits, or for Arrears thereof, and be applied to the Satisfaction of the Rates and Duties not otherwise paid as aforesaid; and the proper Officeis in the said Exchequer, and other the Publick Offices aforesaid, mall keep true Accounts of all Monies flopped, and (upon request) shall give Copies of fuel*

Accounts to the proper Collectors of such Monies for the respective Parishes or Places where the said Monies are assessed by this Act.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person in England, Wales, or Berwick-upon-Tweed, rated or assessed for his Office or Employment, shall be rated a- d pay for his said Office or Employment in the County, City, or Place, where the lame shall be exercised, although the Revenue or Profit# arising by stich

O&cc

Penalty on

IloUtVlotJKT? net giving lilt

Meml>en of Pat*» liament shall be rated at tin.ir iVlaufion House*

Inhabitant* of Towns shall be allelled in the*Pari »h where they re side.

Officer* of Exchequer, itiall deliver litis, of Pensions, Annuities, S*c. to Commissionu rs, and in Default of Payment of the

Officers shall pay when employ k*L

A.D. 1808.

322 C. a. 48° GEORGII III.

Officer*in Chancery shall be at sessed in the Roll* Liberty, by the Mullers, file.

Pensions rateable where payable.

Where Office is executed by Deputy, the Assess-Tnrm shall be iby him.

The Queen or Royal Faraify not chargeable in respect of An-ouitiea.

Superannuated

Sea Officers*, &c. pot chargeable.

-KarToH-keepers.

Residentiaries

not chargeable in certain Cases.

fiaid Duties shall not be charged on Pensions, &c. sper ially exempted.

DutiesonSugar, granted by n? G. 3. c. 13: 34 G. 3. c. 4: 37 G.a. c. 15 s on Malt by 47 G. 3 , c. 13. n Tobacco and Snuff, by 30 G. 3. c. 68. continued by

Dlb. 9, C. b».

Office or Employment are payable elsewhere: Provided always, that the Right Honourable the Mailer of the Rolls, the Mailers in Chancery, Six Clerks, Clerks of the Petty Bag, Examiners, Regillers, Clerks of the Inrolments, Clerks of the Affidavit and Subpoena Office, and all other the Officers of the Court of Chancery that execute their Offices within the Liberties of the Rolls, shall be there a he fled to the said last-mentioned Duties for their respective Offices, Salaries, and other Profits, and not elsewhere; and the said Mailers in Chancery for the Time being, and the said Six Clerks and Registers for the Time being, shall be the Com* raiflioners for putting in Execution, and shall put in Execution this Act, with relation to the last-mentioned Duties, within the said Liberty, and exercise the Powers therein contained; and that all Annuities, Stipend*, and Pensions, payable to any Officers in respect of their Offices, shall be taxed and assessed to the said last-mentioned Duties where such Offices arc rated and assessed for their Offices, and not elsewhere; and that all other Pensions, Stipends, and Annuities in England, Walts, and Berwick-upon-Tweed not charged upon Lands, shall be charged and assessed in the Parishes and Places where they arc payable.

XXXIX. 4 And whereas divers Offices and Employments of Profit, chargeable by this Act, are executed by Deputy, and the principal Officers living in Places remote from the Division, Parish, or Place, where such Offices or Employments are taxable, the Rates and Assessments for such particular Offices and Employment! 4 cannot be recovered without great Charge and Difficulty; be it therefore enacted, That where any Office or Employment of Profit chargeable by this Act, is or shall be executed by Deputy, such Deputy shall pay such Assessment as shall be charged thereon, and deduct the fame out of the Profits of such Office or Employment; and in case of Refusal or Non-payment thereof, such Deputy shall be liable to such Distress as by this Act ia prescribed against any Person having and enjoying any Office or Employment of Profit, and to all other Remedies ana Penalties therein respectively contained; and that there shall be the like Remedies and Penalties for the recovering the Moines assessed upon any such Office or Employment of Profit to the Land Tax for the Year One thousand seven hundred and six, and for any subsequent Year not yet satisfied, in all Cases where the Accounts of those Years, or any of them, are not otherwise cleared in the Exchequer.

XL. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not charge or be construed to charge Her Majesty the Queen, or any of the Royal Family, for or in respect of any Annuities or yearly Payments granted to Her said Majesty and to their said Royal Highneflcs, but that such Sums of Money, Annuities, or yearly Payments, and her said Majesty and their Royal High-nesses, and their Treasurers, Receivers General, and Servants for the Time being, in respect of the fame, shall be free and clear from all Taxes, Impositions, and other Charges whatsoever: Provided also, that this Act, or any of the several Clauses herein contained, shall not extend to charge the Pensions of any superannuated Cora-million or Warrant Sea or Land Officer, or the Pensions of Widows of Sea or Land Officers (lain in the Service of the Crown; or the Revenue of the most Noble Order of the Garter; or the Pensions of the Poor Knights of Windsor, payable out of the Exchequer only; or to charge a certain Pension of One hundred Pounds, granted by the late King Charles the Second, to the Poor Clergy of the Isle of Man; or to charge the Pensions or Salaries of His Majesty's Pages of Honour; or of the Officers and Persons employed or to be employed in collecting the Tolls and Duties payable by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament for making, repairing, or maintaining any publick Roads, by reason of their said Offices or Employments, or any Salary arising thereby.

XLI. 'And whereas the Rents and Revenues belonging to the Residentiaries of the Cathedral Churches in England and Wales, are chargeable to the Land Tax granted and made perpetual as aforesaid, and in some

Cases the Overplus of the said Rents and Revenues above such Tax, Repairs, and other Charges, is to go in

Shares for the Maintenance of the said Residentiaries, which Shares are diminished by the said Land Tax; it is hereby provided and enacted, That in such Cases the said Residentiaries shall not by this Act, or any of the Clauses therein contained be further chargeable as enjoying Offices of Profit out of the said Rents and Revenues; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to charge or to authorize the deducting or assessing the said Duties of Sixpence or One Shilling respectively or either of them, or the said last mentioned Ddty or Sum of Money granted by this Act, upon any Person in respect of any Office or Employment of Profit, or upon any Annuity, Pension, Stipend, or other yearly Payment, in any case in which the Pension, Annuity, Salary, Wages, Fees, Perquisites, Gra* tuities. Stipend, or other Payment yearly or otherwise shall have been specially exempted from any or either of such Duties, or from the Payment of any Aids or Taxes by any Act of Parliament, or in any case in which any Salary, Wages, or Stipend of any Office or Employment shall by any Order of His Majesty in Council, or by any Warrant under his Majesty's Royal Sign Manual, or by any Order of the Commissioners of the Treasury, have been directed or shall be directed to be paid Net or without Deduction: Provided always, That the Authority for the Payment, Net or without Deduction, of the Salary, Wages, or Stipend of any such Office or Employment, shall be certified by some principal Officer in the Department to which such Office or Employment so directed to be paid Net or without Deduction belongs.

XLIII. ' And whereas by the said Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, Bn Act for making perpetual, subjcQ to Redemption and Purchase in the Manner therein fated, the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax, for One Tear, from the Twenty ffib Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, 9 it was enacted, that the several Duties impo^J on Sugar by three Acts of the Twenty-seventh, Thirty-fourth, and Thirty-seventh Years of the Reignof His present Majesty, on Malt, by an Act made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

and the Duties of Excise on Tobacco and Snuff, by an Act made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reignof His present Majesty, should continue in Force until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred

A.D. 1808.

48° GEORGII III.

C. 2.

323

t i

69; continued by 47 G. 3. It. I. C. 4. to 2 5 March 1808} further continued to '1U March 1809.

hundred and ninety-nine, and no longer, but should from thenceforth ccafe and determine unless the fame 39 G. s. c. 3.

' should be specially continued by Parliament, which said several Duties werd by an Act made and passed in the &0- thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty 43*'3' c' -ti8*

' a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal F.Jlates in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed,

and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, 'Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hun-i dred and ninety-nine, further continued until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred,

'and which, by several subsequent Acts, were further continued until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven: And whereas by an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of 1 His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to repeal the Duties of Customs payable in Great Britain, and to grant 1other Duties in lieu thereof, the said several Duties on Sugar were repealed, and other Duties granted on Sugar 'in lieu thereof: And whereas by another Act, passed in the same Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to ' repeal the Duties of Excise payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof, certain of the said 'Duties on Licences to be taken out by Dealers in Tobacco and Snuff, and certain Duties on Tobacco, were repealed, and other Duties granted in lieu thereof: And whereas the said Duties granted by the said last recited Acts, were continued until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven: And whereas the said Duties on Sugar, and the said Duties on Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, together with the said 'Duties relating to Licences and Tobacco, were by an Act passed in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of 'His present Majesty, further continued until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight f be it further enacted, That the said several Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, and the said Acts granting and continuing the fame, and all the Provisions thereof, shall be and the same are hereby severally and respectively further continued from and after the Expiration of the Time limited as aforesaid, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, and all Monies arising thereby, which shall be paid into the said Recept of the Exchequer, shall be entered separate and dilliuft from all other Monies paid and payable to His Majesty.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the Monies paid W.to Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, One Book of Register, in which all the Money that shall be paid into Exchequer under the Exchequer for the said Rates and Duties of Sixpence, and One Shilling, and the Rates and Duties*

hereby granted on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, and also the Rates and Assessments hereby granted on Per- " other* Far-

fonal Estates, and on Offices and Employments of Profit, Pensions, Annuities, and Stipends, herein-before men- nients. tioned, shall be entered and registered apart and distinct from all other Monies paid and payable to His Majesty.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, Treasury may at any Time or Times, to cause or direct any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out at the Receipt of rats* 3, 000, 000l. the Exchequer for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Three Millions, in the Exchequer fame or like Manner, Form, and Order, and according to the lame or like Rules and Directions, as are or shall be^j prescribed in and by an Act passed, or which may be passed in this Session of Parliament, for regulating the issuing and paying off Exchequer Bills.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advan- Clause, &c. in tages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, contained in an Act passed, or which may be passed in this 4H 9* 3' cUl* Session of Parliament, for regulating the issuing and paying off Exchequer Bills, shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated and re-enabled in the Body of this Act.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act, Interest on Ex-shall and may bear an Interest not exceeding the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum upon orio respect «hrqu«?r BUls of the whole of the Monies respectively contained therein. P01 c^ent'

XLVIII. And be it declared, and further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Governor and Company Bank of England of the Bank of England, to advance or lend to His Majesty, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, upon the authorized 10 Credit of the Exchequer Bills authorized by this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Three Millions, any Thing in an Act, made in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for granting to their Mayflies several Rates and Duties upon Tonnage of Ships and Vessel, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, and for securing certain Recompences and Advantages in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of One Million Jive Mar c. 20. §30 hundred thousand Pounds towards carrying on the War against France, or in any subsequent Act, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XLIX. And it is hereby enacted, That the said Commissioners of the Treasury shall, and they are hereby Saul Exchequer respectively authorized and empowered, to cause such Bills as shall be prepared by virtue of this Act, to be Bills (h*U b« placed as (o muchCafhin the respective Offices of the Tellers of the said Receipt of Exchequer, each and Jj!*S*£ every of which Tellers shall be severally charged with a Proportion of the said Bills which shall be so placed*in his Office respectively; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

L. And it is hereby also enacted and declared, That the said Exchequer Bills in the Hands of the said and shall be iflh-Tellers shall be locked up, and secured as Cash, according to the Course of the Exchequer, and shall be takenWe thereout la. andefteemed as so much in part of the Remains in real Money, wherewith each of the said Tellers shall from Time to Time (land charged, in common with other the Monies in the said Exchequer, any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

LI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Exchequer Bills to be made forth by virtue of this SVul Excheque* Act, together with the Interest that may become due thereon, and the Charges of exchanging and circulating B'lls the fame, shall be, and the same are hereby made chargeable and charged upon the Rates, Duties, and Assess- on the

meats, granted by this Act \ and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Treasury, and they are hereby mntft

6 authorized, by this Act.

le

relating to Exchequer Bills, tpplied to this

a a.

advance

3, oooo, ooool on Credit of this Atf.

5, 6 Gut. 8c

OOgl

A.D. 1808.

354 C. 2, 3. 48' GEORGII III.

Manner of paying oft' laid Bill*.

Account of said Exchequer Bills shall be made out up to 25 March 1609.

Money remaining due charged on the then next Aids.

Surplus shall he carried to Consolidated Fund.

Treasury may allow out of Consolidated Fund, the i liargfj. of making out the Exchequer Bills.

SaldCharges shall be replaced out of the Furil Sup-p1k'»4

Think errqxwcrod td lend Three Millions.

*T\v«fury shall make out Fx-dieqner Bills.

48 G. 3. c. 1.

No Alteration shall be made ip tbr Viajre of

authorized, from Time to Time, to direct to be issued to the said Paymasters by way of Imprest, and upon Account, such Sums of Money, and at such Periods, as the said Commissioners shall think necessary, for or towards paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills which shall have been made forth by virtue of this Act, or any of them, and for and towards paying the Interest to become due on the said Bills, and for and toward* the Charge of exchanging and circulating the fame Bills, or any of them.

LII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, or within Ten Days after, the Commissioners of the Treasury or any Threeor more of them now being, or the High Treasurer or any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall cause a true and perfect Account in Writing, to be taken and attested by the proper Officers, of the Amount of all Exchequer Bills that shall have been issued by virtue of this Act, and hoir much thereof shall before that Time have been paid off or discharged, and how much thereof shall then remain undischarged.

LIIT. And it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Monies so remaining un-satisfied or not discharged, with the Interest due or to grow due thereon, and the Charges of exchanging and circulating the fame, shall be paid and satisfied out of the next Aid or Aids to be granted in Parliament, after the said Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That the Surplus of the Monies arising from the Rates, Duties, and Assessments, granted and imposed by this Act, after paying off and satisfying all the Exchequer Bills issued by virtue of this Act, together with the Interest that may become due thereon, and the Charges of exchanging and circulating the fame, shall, as the Surplus of any such Monies respectively shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, be carried to and made part of, the Consolidated Fund.

LV. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury or any Three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer or any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall have Power, and he or they are hereby enabled to pny and allow or cause to be paid and allowed out of the Monies to arise of or for the said Rates and Duties hereby granted, or of or for the Consolidated Fund, from Time to Time, the necessary Charges of making forth the new Exchequer Bills hereby authorized to be made forth, and such other Charges as shall be necessarily incident, in or for the Execution of this Act, or any Part thereof in relation to the said Bills, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LVI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever Monies shall be issued out of the said Consolidated Fund, shall from Time to Time be replaced by and out of the First Supplies to be then after granted in Parliament, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

" Act may be altered or repealed this Session. §57."

CAP. III.

An Act for empowering the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance the Sum of Three Millions, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and

eight.

[27th February i8c8.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS the Governor and Company of the Bank of England are willing and have agreed to advance towards the Supply granted to Your Majesty for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight* the Sum of Three Millions, on or before the Fifth Day of s1f>ril One thousand eight hundred and eight, on the Security of Exchequer Bills, to bear Date on the Day or Days of the Advance thereof, to be

made payable without Interest, and to be charged and chargeable upon and repaid out of the first Aids or Sup. 4 plies which, after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, shall be granted by Parliament for the Service

of the then current Year; and in case sufficient Aids and Supplies shall not be granted by Parliament for that Purpose before the Expiration of Six Months next after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, the lame to be charged and chargeable upon and repaid out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain: Novr, we Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, being desirous to raise, with as much Ease and Advantage as poffihle to Your Majesty's Subjects, the necessary Supplies for the Service of the present Year, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on or before the Fifth Day of Ipril One thousand eight hundred and eight, to advance and lend to His Majesty, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, upon the Credit of the Exchequer Bills authorized to be issued under this Act, the Sum of Three Millions, any Thing contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding: And it shall also be lawful for the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury now or for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, to cause or direct any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the said Sum of Three Millions, to bear Date on the Day or Days of the Advance of the said Sum of Three Millions, in the fame or like Manner, Form, and Order, and according to the fame or like Rules and Directions as in and by an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, are or shall be prescribed, concerning Exchequer Bills, and for making permanent Regulations for making and issuing thereof.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That during the Period the said Sum of Three Millions shall continue so advanced by the said Governor and Company, no Alteration ftudl bea made in the Usage eiUblished

at

A.D. 1809.

48° GEORGII III.

C. 3, 4*

325

pennittinn the mnktowithilraw the Money from the Exchequer, fctc.ur m keeping Accounts.

ProvisionBof Act of this Settion, 148 (1. a.C. 1.) applied to said tills.

No Interest on the said Bills.

Said Exchequer Bills charged on the first Supplies after Peace; or on Failure then <l out of the f .u: /o!idat«d Fund.

n ?!/ t ( #.

it the Exchequer of permitting the said Governor and Company to withdraw the Monica in the Receipt of the Exchequer upon the Security of Exchequer Bills, or Notes of the said Governor and Company of the prrln' Bank of England, to the full Amount of such Monies so withdrawn, being deposited in the Cheils of the

: , rc^v Tellers of the Exchequer by the said Governor and Company, nor shall any of the Accounts now by Law

directed to be kept at the Bank of England, be withdrawn from thence during the above Period.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages,

Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities contained in the said lall-mentioni'i Ad relating to Exchequer Bills, ex-cf' cept as far as the fame may be altered by this Act or be contrary to any of.He Provisions thereof, shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of thiL A d, as fully and effectually to all VlV Intents and Purposes as if the fame had been originally authorized by the last-mentioned Act, or as if the said

: b A' several Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Interest whatsoever shall be payable upon or by virtue of the Ex-

iBjies chequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act; and that the Whole thereof shall bear Date the Day or Days of the Advance of the said Sum of Three Millions, and be made payable on the Expiration of Six or^ Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.

rui; V. And be it further enacted, That all such Exchequer Bills, and all Charges incident to or attending the 'Ax-: shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid or borne by or out of the first Aids

or Supplies which, after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, shall be granted by Parliament for ); < 1. the Services of the then current Year; and in case sufficient Aids or Supplies for that Purpose shall not be granted

I-.} before the Expiration of Six Months next after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, then all the

v/aid Exchequer BilJs, with the Charges incident to or attending the fame, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon such Monies as at any Time or Times at or after such Period shall be or remain in the Receipt

of the Exchequer of the said Consolidated Fund (except such Monies of the said Consolidated Fund as shall ', r; then be appropriated to any particular Use or Uses, by any Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf); and - such Monies of the said Consolidated Fund shall and may be issued andapplied, as soon as the fame can be regularly

Rated and ascertained, for and towards paying off, cancelling, and discharging such Exchequer Bills and

v; > Charges, until the Whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled, and discharged, or Money sufficient for that V)rA Purpose be kept and reserved in the Exchequer, to be payable on Demand to the tefpedlive Proprietors thereof.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whatever Monies shall be so issued out of the said Con-. A. folidated Fund, shall from Time to Time be replaced by and out of the first Supplies to be then after granted

by Parliament; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in Case Provision shall not be made by Parliament for Payment of the Exchequer Bills to be issued in pursuance of this Act, so that the same shall be fully paid and djlcharged on or before the Expiration of Six Months next after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, then and in that Case the said Exchequer Bills, or such Part thereof as shall then remain unpaid, shall, from and after the said Period, bear an Interest of Four Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum; and such Ioterell is hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be borne and paid by and out of the fame Fund, as the principal Money payable by the said Exchequer Bills is by this Act charged and chargeable upon j any

Tlung herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. TV.

An Act to authorize the advancing, for the Publick Service, upon certain Conditions, a Proportion of the Balance remaining in the Bank of England for Payment of Unclaimed Dividends, Annuities, and Lottery Prizes} and for regulating the Allowances to be paid for the Management of the National Debt.

[27th February 1808.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An 31 Goo.s. c. 3J. Act for the Payment of the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds by the Governor and Company of the 'Bant of England, into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer: And whereas the Governor and Company of the Bank of England did, in pursuance of the said Act, advance the sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds,

'upon the Terms and Conditions in the said Act mentioned: And whereas since the passing of the said recited M<ft Part of the Money so advanced hath been repaid, under the Provisions of the said Act, reducing the Sum 'so remaining advanced without Interest to the Sum of Three hundred and seventy-six thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine Pounds: And whereas the Balances remaining in the Hands of the Ca/hicr of the said 'Governor and Company, of Sums issued for the Payment of Dividends on account of the National Debt, due 'aid not demanded, have greatly increased: And whereas large Balances now remain in the Hands of the 'Cashierof the said Governor and Company, of Sums issued to the said Governor and Company for Payment of Prize* or Benefits drawn in Lotteries established by Law, and which have not been claimed by the Persons entitled thereto; and it is therefore just and expedient that a further Sum of Five hundred thousand 'Pound* should be advanced for the Service of the Publickout of such Balances, without any Interest for the fame, on condition that if at any Time the Balances remaining in the Hands of the Cashier of the Governor 'and Company of the Bank of England, of Sums issued to him for the Payment of Dividends on account of the National Debt, which shall have been due and not demanded, and of Sums issued to the said Governor 'aid Company for the Payment of such Lottery Prizes or Benefits not claimed as aforesaid, shall be reduced 'to a Jef* Sum than One hundred thousand Pounds, exclusively of the said Sums of Three hundred and 'lfventy*/ix thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine Pounds, and Five hundred thousand Pounds as aforesaid,

'then and in such Case so much of the Monies, advanced in pursuance of this Act, as shall be equal to the 48 Geo. III. U u ' Sum

Repayment to the (Consolidated Fund.

Interest on said Exchequer Bills, from 6 Months after Peace,

4l. ios. per Ad.

Advance of 500, oQ0l. undef

united Act; reduce 1 to; .J6, 739,

3^6

Bank shall advance and pay into the Exchequer a further Sumofe0O, O00l. for Service of 1 BOS.

henever Balance remaining in the Bank for Unclaimed Dividends or Lottery Prizes, (exe'u-five of the said Sums advanced by the Bank; shall be less than 3 00, 0001. such

deficiency shall be marie up to the Bank by a Payment from the Exchequer.

On future Ex-refs of Balance above 100, 000l. Advance shall be again made by the Bank, so as to keep up the Amount to 500, 0001. under this Act.

Bank ftmll yearly lay before Parliament Ac. ount ©t Unclaimed B.ndtnds.

Rate of Allowance to

for Management under 01 (j.3. C.U0. $3.

Repealed.

C. 4. 48' GEORGII III. A.D. 1808.

Sum by which the said Balances, exclusive of the said Sums of Three hundred and seventy-six thousand sewn hundred and thirty-nine Pounds, and Five hundred thousand Pounds, shall be less than the Sum of One bun-

dred thousand Pounds, shall be repaid to the said Governor and Company; We therefore Your Majesty's moll

dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty, That it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King'i most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, arid Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Governor and Company shall on or before the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eight, pay or eause to be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, out of the Balances in their Hands of Sums issued for the Payment of Dividends due and not demanded, and of such unclaimed Lottery Prizes or Benefits as aforesaid, the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds 5 which said Sum of Five hundred thousand Pound* shall be applicable to the Services of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight, and to be at the Disposition of Parliament.

II. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time hereafter the Monies remaining in the Hands of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or their Cashier or Cashiers, which have been Blued to hun or them for the Payment of all or any Annuities or Dividends to the Credit.o-s of the Publick, in pursuance of the several Acts of Parliament in that Behalf, due and not demanded, and for the Payment of such Unclaimed Lottery Prizes or Benefits as aforesaid, shall be reduced to a less Sum than One hundred thousand Pound?, exclusive of such Sums of Three hundred and seventy-six thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine Pounds, and Five hundred thousand Pounds as aforesaid, the said Governor and Company or their Cashier or Cashier* shall forthwith transmit a Certificate of the same to the Commissioners of the Treasury or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, and also to the Auditor of the Exchequer for the Time being, containing a true Statement of the Amount to which the said Monies shall then be reduced; and that forthwith on the same Day on which any such Certificate containing such Statement as aforesaid shall be presented to the said Auditor at the Receipt of the Exchequer, the said Auditor shall make out a proper Debenture, directing the Payment of such Sum of Money as it shall appear by such Certificate the said Balances shall be reduced under One hundred thousand Pounds, which said sum of Money shall be forthwith on the same Day issued and paid out of any Money in the Receipt of the Exchequer of the Aids or Supplies granted to His Majesty for the Sen-ice of the current Year or of any preceding Year, or out of any Monies arising from the Surplus of the Consolidated Fund, which may remain at the End of any Quarter for the Disposition of Parliament; and every such Dtrbcn* ture being carried to the Clerk of the Pells shall be forthwith recorded in the usual Method in which Debenture are by him recorded; and thereupon the Teller or Tellers on whom any such Debenture shall be charged, shall, upon the fame being presented to him or them, immediately pay or cause to be paid to the said Cashier or Cashiers the Sum contained in such Debenture accordingly j and in case after the Repayment of any Part of the Monies which shall have been advanced under the said recited Act and this Act, the said Balances shall at any Time be again further reduced, in such Case, as often as the same shall happen, such a further Sum shall in like Manner be repaid to the said Governor and Company as shall keep Balances in the Hands of the said Cashier for the Payment of any Annuities or Dividends due and not demanded as aforesaid, and of such Uo-claimed Lottery Prizes or Benefits as aforesaid, of One hundred thousand Pounds.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case after the Repayment of any Part of the said Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, under the Provisions of this Act, there shall be any Excess of the Balances arising as aforesaid in the Hands of the Cashier of the said Governor and Company, above the said Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds, and such Excess shall have continued for the Space of Six Months, then and in every such Case a Sum, equal to such Excess, shall from Time to Time be again advanced by the said Governor and Company, under the like Conditions as are herein-before prescribed for the Original Payment of the said Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds into His Majesty's Exchequer, until the whole Sum due on Account of Advances made by the said Governor and Company under the Provisions of this Act, shall have again amounted to the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds, exclusive of the said Sum of Three hundred and seventy-six thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine Pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall, within Thirty Days after the Meeting of Parliament in every Year, cause an Account to be laid before Parliament, of the Amount of the Balances of Sums issued for the Payment of Dividends due and not demanded, and for the Payment of Lottery Prizes or Benefits which shall not have been claimed, and which shall be and remain in their Hands on the Days respectively, next before the I flue from the Exchequer of Money for the Payment of Dividends upon Account of the National Debt for each of the Four preceding Quarters respectively.

V 'And whereas by the said recited Act it was enacted, That there should continue to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, a Sum for Charges of Management of the Publick Debt, at the Rate of Four hundred and fifty Pounds per Annum for each Million of the Capital, and at the

Rate for all the Annuities for Terms of Years, valuing the Annuities at Twenty-five Years Purchase, as usual, to make a nominal Capital: And whereas the Amount of the Publick Debt hath, since the passing of the said Act, been very much increased j and it is therefore Teasonable that new Provisions should be made for fixing the Rate of the Allowance for the Management of the fame, according to the Amount thereof j* Be it therefore enacted, That the said lall-recited Provision shall, from and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eight, be repealed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eight, there shall be issued and paid to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for the Charges of Management of the said Unredeemed Publick Debt, the Sums of Money following; that is to

say 5

rtrci

A.D. 1808.

48° GEORGII III.

C.

4 — 7.

327

say; when the Whole of such Unredeemed Debt shall exceed Three hundred Millions, and shall not amount to Four hundred Millions, a Sum at the Rate of Four hundred and fifty Pounds per Annum for each Million of the Capital; and when the Whole of such Unredeemed Debt shall amount to Four hundred Millions, and shall rot exceed Six hundred Millions, a Sum at the Rate of Three hundred and Forty Pounds per Annum for each Million of the Capital 5 and when such Debt shall exceed Six hundred Millions, a Sum at the Rate cf Three hundred Pounds per Annum for each Million of such Excess of the Capital, the remaining Six hundred Millions continuing 111 such last-mentioned Case to be managed at the aforesaid Rate of Three hundred and forty Pounds Annum for each Million: Provided always, that in estimating as well the Whole Amount of such Unredeemed Debt as the Sums respectively to be paid for the Management thereof, Annuities Fir Terms of Years shall be taken into the Account, and shall be valued at Twenty-five Years Purchase, as usual, to make a nominal Capital.

"Charges due shall be paid up to April5 1808, §7."

VIII. And be it further enacted, That as soon after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eight; as conveniently may be, there shall be made out at the Exchequer, an Account of the Total Capital of Unredeemed Debt, as it shall Hand on the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fight; and the Allowance for the Management of the Unredeemed Publick Debt for the Year ending the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nine, shall be computed on the said Capital, as it flood pa the fad Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eight, and shall be paid to the said Governor and Company in one Sum before the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine 5 and the Allowance for Management shall be computed and paid in like manner in every succeeding Year.

CAP. V.

An Act for repealing an Act made in the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for suspending the Operation of an Act of the Thirty fxth Year of His present Majesty, for the further Support and Maintenance of Curates within the Church of England, and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned, so far as relates to the Avoidance of Benefices by the Incumbents thereof having accepted augmented Curacies. [*7th February 1808.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for suspending the Operation of an Act of the Thirty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for the further 'Support and Maintenance of Curates within the Church of England, and for other Purposes in the said Actmentionedfo far as relates to the Avoidance of Benefces by the Incumbents thereof having accepted augmented

Curacies; it was enacted, that all Persons who upon or at any Time after the First Day of the then present Session of Parliament, were or had been the lawful Incumbents of any Benefices, should, notwithstanding they 'had accepted such augmented Cures, but without Prejudice to the Avoidance or Right of Presentation arisen ' from any other Cause, remain and be the Incumbents of such Benefices until the Fortieth Day of the then 'next Session of Parliament, or until the Death or Celfion of such Incumbent respectively, or other lawful 'Cause of Avoidance of such Benefices respectively, other than the Acceptance of such augmented Cures respectively: And whereas it is expedient that the said Act should be repealed; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act, made in the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, shall be and the fame is hereby wholly repealed; and that all Presentations, Institutions, and Indudions to Benefices that were made or had taken place at any Time during the last Session of Parliament, under the said Act of the Thirty-sixth of His present Majesty, M be good and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes, in the same Manner as if the said Act of the forty-seventh of His present Majesty had never been passed, any Thing therein contained to the contrary not-rithtfanding; Provided always, that the Time during which any Suspension shall by virtue of the said last mentioned Act have taken place of any Presentation or Institution, or of the Effedof any Presentation or In-

*' IHtution, shall not be reckoned as Part of the Time during which there hath been a Vacancy in any Question cf Lapse.

CAP. VI.

An Act to continue until the End of this Session of Parliament, several Acts* for carrying into Execution the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, between His Majesty and the United States of America.

[27th February i8c8.J

[See 48 Geo. 3. c. 85.]

CAP. VII.

An Act for raising the Sum of Ten Millions five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight.

[11th March 1808.]

"Treasury empowered to raise 10, 500, 000l. by Exchequer Bills, as prescribed by 48 G. 3. c. 1. — §1, 2. "The Principal of said Bills charged on the first Supplies for the next Session. $ 3. Interest thereon 3\d.

"per Cent, per Diem. $ 4. Said Bills shall be current at the Exchequer, &c. after April 5 1809. §5. Bank of " Expand empowered to advance 6, yoo, ooool. on Credit of this Act. §6. Act may be altered or repealed this 4i Stwn. §7."

Uui

Future Rates

Eayalde to t' e lank for Charges o Ma« moment of the Publick Debt, unredeemed.

Allowances for Management

liialloe calculated

M-

£uf

for:

Lvr:

3 fe -

47 G. 3. ft.

c. 75.

Ree trd Ad

repealed.

37 G. 3. e. y* 8cc.

328 C. 8, 9.

48 GEORGII III. A.D. 1808.

05 G. 3. C. 31. [And fee 47 G.3. <Ht. t. e. j6.]

Mode of applying for Money from the Tren-fury for the Department of CommiiBonen of the Navy.

Provisiora of former Acts not altered shall matin in Force,

38 G.9.C. 86.

Office of Sun ovor of Subsidies, Ike. foall he abolished when vacant.

Comraiffiooere of Cuilotm may provide for the Kxe -ution of the neeeffiary Duties of such Office.

CAP. VIII.

An Act to amend an Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for better regulating the Office of the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy. [11th March 1808.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His Majesty's Reign, for iwulating ' the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy, it is provided that the said Treasurer, in all Memoriii» 4 to be by him presented to the Treasury for Naval Services, shall transmit with each Memorial 8 4 Copy of the Letter from each of the Naval Boards respectively, directing him to apply for the Sums wanted, in which Letters the said Commissionera are required to specify for what particular Services the said Sums are

wanted, and shall also (late the Balances then in the Hands of the Treasurer, under each Head of Service respectively; And whereas the good Effects intended thereby will be equally well obtained in the Department

of the Commissioners of the Navy, by the Requests being made and the Balances dated on two Heads of Ser- vice only, as recommended by the Commissioners for Naval Enquiry, in their Tenth Report, in which case

the Money granted for the Use of His Majesty's Navy would be applied with greater Readinefsaod Facility when

wanted Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, as oftenu Money shall be wanted for Services in the Department of the Commissioners of the Navy, the said Commissioners shall by Letter direct the Treasurer of the Navy to apply to the Treasury for such Sum or Sums as shall be wanted under the Head of Wages" or of General Services* respectively, and no other; in which Letter the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required and directed to specity the Balances in the Hands of the Treasurer of the Navy, in each of these Services respectively, in the Manner following; that is to say, the Balance on the Head of General Services shall be specified as it shall stand on the Day when the Letter shall be so written as aforesaid by the said Commissioners to the Treasurer of the Navy, and the Balance on the Head of Wages shall be specified as it shall have flood on the Saturday preceding the Date of the said Letter; a Copy of which Letter shall be transmitted by the Treasurer of the Navy for the Time being with all Memorials to be by him presented to the Treasury for Money for such Services; in which Memorials the said Treasurer shall pray that such Sums as shall be required by the Commissioners of the Navy may be issued to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England on his Account.

II. And be it further enacted, That all the other Provisions contained in the said recited Act, not hereby altered or in any other Act respecting the Office of Treasurer of the Navy, shall be and remain in fullforce aadeffed as if this Act had not been made.

CAP. IX.

An Act for aboliftring the Office of Surveyor of Subsidies and Petty Customs in the Port of Lonfa,

[i/th March 1803.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Thirty.eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

An Act for aboFtshing certain Offices in the CuJlomij and for regulating certain other OJficci t her tin; ' 4 and for applying the Fees which have been received from vacant Offices towards the Augmentation of the Superannuation Fund; certain Offices in His Majesty's Customs in England which had been usually granted by Letters Patent under the Great Seal, and had been found to be unnecessary, were wholly abolished, and certain other Offices in the said Customs also usually granted by the like Letters Patent were aboliftved, so farat any of the Duties thereof appeared not to be necessary or useful, and Provision was made for the Discharge of such Duties as might be necessary or useful, in such Manner as should be found convenient for the Publick. Ser*

vice; and it is expedient that the Office of Surveyor of Subsidies and Petty Customs in the Port of London should also be abolished, and shall not in future be granted to any Person or Persons by patent or otherwise, but ' that such of the Duties thereof as may hereafter be necessary or useful may be executed in such Manner as may

be found convenient for the Publick Service Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Office of Surveyor of Subsidies and Petty Customs in the Port of London, being an Office the Duties whereof are in part useful and necessary, shall not from and after the passing of this Act, be granted to any Person or Persons by Patent or othewife, save ai herein after mentioned; and that, when vacant, the fame Avail forthwith be abolished, and the fame is hereby abolished, save as herein after provided.

II. Provided always, That it Avail and may be lawful to and for the Commissionera of His Majesty*! Customs, with the Approbation of the High Treasurer, or the Commissionera of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three of them for the Time being, to provide for the Execution of such of the Duties of the said Office, ai shall in their Judgment appear to be necessary or useful, by appointing, by Instrument or Instrument* under their Hands, (with the Approbation aforesaid) a proper Person or proper Persons to execute during their Pleasure such necessary and useful Duties of the said Office when vacant as aforesaid, and otherwise to regulate the said Office in such Maimer as the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, with the Approbation of the said High Treasurer, or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being. Avail in their Judgment from Time to Time think fit and proper.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who shall or may, before the Fifth Day of July One thousand fieveu hundred and B ninety-eight, have been appointed to execute any of the Duties of the said Office

shall,

A.D. 1808.

48* Georgii III.

C. 9, 10. 329

46 G. a. c. 10*.]

shall, to all Intents and Purposes, have the same Power and Authority to execute and perform such Act shall not

Duties of such Office respectively as they would have had if this Act had not been made, until such Persons Appoint-

respectively or some other Person or Persons shall be appointed to execute such Duties respectively under the Authority of this Act; and that all Persons who shall or may be appointed to execute any of the Duties ment^ed."111

of such Office under the Authority of this Act, shall have the fame Powers and Authorities, to all Intents

and Purposes, to execute and perform such Duties respectively, as the fame Persons respectively would have

had if such Persons bad been appointed to such Office respectively before the Fifth Day of July One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, according to the Terms of the Several Warrants which such Persons so to be

appointed shall respectively receive from the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs for executing such'

Duties respectively.

CAP. X.

An Act to amend so much of an Act, made in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for granting certain Duties on Spirits made in Scotland> as relates to delivering up the Licences granted for distilling Spirits in the Low-lands of Scotland, and for better preventing private Did illation.

[11th March 1808.]

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An

A3 for repealing the Duties of Excise on Stills used for distilling or rectifying Low Wines or Spirits for 4Consumptionin Scotland, on Worts or Wash made for extruding Spirits, and on Spirits made for Consumption in Scotland: and for granting and securing other Duties in lieu thereof; and for better securing the Duties on Foreign*Spirits and on Malt; it was amongst other Things enacted, That all Licences to make, distil, rectify,

or compound Spirits in the Lowlands of Scotland should be granted in the Manner and Form directed by an Act of the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repealing S9

the Duties of Excise on Distilleries in Scotland, and on the Exportation of British made Spirits from England to «. 73. Scotland, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof*, and for altering, amending, ana continuing certain Acts of Parliament for the Regulation of Distilleries in Scotland, save and except that every such Licence should commence and take Effect from the First Day of October in each Year, and that no such Licence should be 1 granted, save and except between the First Day of October and the First Day of November in each Year; provided always, that it should and might be lawful to and for any licensed Di&iller in the Low-lands of Scotland to deliver up to the Commissioners of Excise, or to the proper Supervisor or Surveyor of the Dif-trid, his or their Licence to be vacated on the Terms and Conditions and at the Time and in the Manner di-reded by the said Act of the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty's Reign; any Thing.

in the said Act or any other Act to the contrary notwithstanding: And whereas Doubts have arisen as to the Meaning and true Construction of the said Clause, and it is expedient to explain and amend the fame Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That when and so often as any Distiller or Distillers in the Low-lands of Scotland shall duly deliver up to the said Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, or to the proper Supervisor or Surveyor of the District, his, her, or their Annual Licence, to be vacated before the Expiration of the Year for which such Licence shall have been granted, and before he, she, or they shall have brewed, made, or received, or Milled into Spirits a Quantity of Worts or Wash sufficient to produce Two thousand and twenty-five Gallons of Spirits of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, for each and every Gallon of the full Content or Capacity of the Still or Stills specified and mentioned in such Licence, computing Sixteen Gallons and One Half of a Gallon of such Spirits of the Strength aforesaid, for every One hundred Gallons of such Worts and Wash, such Distiller or Distillers shall pay such a Proportion of the Annual Licence Duty as the Whole Quantity of Spirits diddled by him, her, or them, bears to the full Quantity of Two thousand and twenty-five Gallons of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, for each and every Gallon of the full Content or Capacity of the Still or Stills mentioned in such Licence, or as the whole Quantity of Worts or Waftt ba-wed, made, or received by such Distdleror Distillers bears to the full Quantity of Two thousand and twenty five Gallons of Spirits, calculated at the Strength aforesaid, for each and every Gallon of the full Content and Capacity of such Still or Stills, and computed at the Rate of Sixteen Gallons and One Half of a Gallon of Spirits for every One hundred Gallons of such Worts or Wash: Provided always, that if the Quantity of the Worts or Wash brewed, made, or received by such Distiller or Distillers, computed at the Rate aforesaid, at the Time of vacating such Licence, shall be found to exceed the Quantity of Spirits actually distilled by such Distiller or Distillers, under and by virtue of such Licence, that then and in such Case the said Proportion of Licence Duty shall be charged upon and paid and payable by him, her, or them, according to lach Proportion of WorU and Walh so brewed, made, or received by such Distiller or Distillers, but not therwife-

II. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons intending to deliver up his, her, or their Licence or Licences to be vacated, shall give to the Commissioners, Supervisor, Surveyor, or Officer of Excise, Fifteen Da\9 Notice in Writing, signed by such Person or Persons, of such Intention, before he, she, or they shall be entitled to discontinue the working of his, her, or their Still or Stills licensed as aforesaid, and thereupon the said Commissioners, Supervisor, Surveyor, or Officer shall and they are hereby respectively authorised to vacate the said Licence or Licences, but not sooner than at and from the End of any One Calendar Month, from which Time the Licence Duty shall have been actually paid in Advance by such Person or Persons, it being the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act made and paised in the Forty-

sixth

Distiller* delivering up annual Licence* before their Expiration, shall pay the Duty in Proportion to Spirit* prerW ously distilled, &c.

Notice of Intention to delirer up such1 Licences.

C. IO---12.

33°

No Repayment of Licence Duty paid in Advance.

Penalty on l'erfona not being Distillera having Wash in their PoffclTion, 1001. liC,

'Mitigation not lese lluin 20l.

Tmprisonraent.

floods of the Ptoducc or Manufacture of the Portuguese Territories in South America may be imported in Portuguese Ships, 8kc.

n Car. 2. c. 13.

47 G.^ft. 1.

c. 32. § s; grutting Bounty, n Exportation of tfau1 Sugar continued.

48° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1808.

sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, that no Part of the said Licence Duty which shaft have been actually paid in advance by such rerson or Persons shall be, under any Circumstances or any Account whatsoever, returned or repaid to such Person or Persons.

III. 4 And whereas private and illicit Distillation is in many Parts of Scotland carried on to a great Estent to the manifest Injury of the fair Trader and the very great Diminution of the Publick Revenue: And whereas Walh and other Materials fit and proper for Distillation are often found in the Custody and Possession of Persons notoriously concerned in such illicit Pradftices, and such Offenders frequently escape from the Penalties of the Law by the Removal and Concealment of their Still or Stills, for remedy whereof be it enacted, that all and every Person and Persons in Scotland, not being an entered Distiller, Brewer, or Vinegar-maker, in whose Possession any Quantity of Wash, fermenting or fermented, exceeding the Quantity of Twenty Gallons, or any Quantity whatsoever of Low Wines shall be found, shall severally forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and all such Wash and Low Wines shall and may be seized or destroyed by any Officer or Officers of Exclfe; which said Penalty of One hundred Pounds shall and may be sued for, levied, mitigated, and applied, by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, may be sued for, levied, mitigated, and applied, by any Law or Laws of Excite, or by Plaint or Information in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland: Provided always, that it shall not be lawful for any Justices of the Peace in Scotland, by or before whom such Person or Persons shall be convicted under any Pretence whatsoever to mitigate or lessen the said Penalty of One hundred Pounds to less than Twenty Pounds 5 and if the Penalty adjudged against such Person or Persons be not forthwith paid down to the Prosecutor, or to the Person authorized by him to receive the same, such Justices of the Peace by or before whom such Person or Persons <was or were convicted, are hereby authorized and strictly enjoined and required, immediately by their Warrant »under their Hands, to commit such Offender and Offenders to the Gaol or Prison of the County for any Time not exceeding Six Months nor less than Three Months, unless such Penalty shall be sooner paid.

CAP. XI.

An Act for permitting the Importation of Goods from the Portuguese Territories on the Continent of

South America, in Portuguese Ships. [11th March 1808 ]

WHEREAS it is expedient to permit the Produce of Brazil, or any other Territories of the Crown of Portugal, in South America, to be imported into Great Britain, and Ireland, in Ships of those Countries, or of Portugal; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to import into the United Kingdom, directly from Brazil, or any of the Territories and Possessions of the Crown of Portugal on the Continent of South America, in Ships or Vessels built in the Kingdom of Portugal, before the first Day of January, One thousand eight hundred and eight, or 1: 1 Ships or Vessels built in any of the aforesaid Territories or Possessions on the Continent of South America, or in Ships or Vessels taken by the Ships or Vessels of War belonging to the Portuguese Government, or belonging to any Subjects of the said Government, having Commissions or Letters of Marque and Reprisal from the Portuguese Government, and condemned as lawful Prize in any Court of Admiralty of the Portuguese Government, of which Condemnation Proof shall be given to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, or any Four or more of them, in that Part of the United Kingdom called England, or any Three or more of them in that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, or to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the Customs, or any Three or more them, in Ireland, and owned by Subjects of the Portuguese Government resident in the said Territories and Possessions on the Continent of South America, and whereof the Mailer and Three Fourths of the Mariners at Icaft are Subjects of the Portuguese Government, and Residents in the said Territories and Possessions, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of the said Territories and Possessions (which are not prohibited by Law to be imported from Foreign Countries); and to enter and land such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, upon Payment of the fame Duties as are now payable on such or similar Articles when imported from the Kingdom of Portugal, subject to the like Conditions and Regulations as in the Case of such Goods not imported in a British-built Ship; any Thing in an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the encouraging and encreasng of Shipping and Navigation, or any other Act, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XII.

An Act to amend and continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, so much of an Act of the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty as allows certain Bounties on British Plantation Raw Sugar exported.

[21st March 1808.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to 4 \ V allow for 1 vu0 Years from and after the passing of this Act, an additional Bounty on double ref ntd Sugar, and to extend former Duties on other refined Sugar, to such as shall be pounded, crafted, or broken; and to allow for One Tear certain Bounties on British Plantation Raw Sugar exported; certain Bounties, under certain Conditions, are allowed on the Exportation of Raw Sugar the Produce of the British Plantations in the same State in which it was imported; And whereas it is expedient that the said Bounties should be further continued, and the said Act amended; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parlia-7 ment

1e

A.D. 1

48° GEORGII III.

C. 12 — 1 c.

33*

7 1?

Bounty shall be pa d on'y on such Sugars exjnjrtrd direct iroiu Warehouse,

Continuance of A.rt 25 March lbt>9.

p'l

?y

r

ment assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said recited Act of the Ft rty-f venth Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the granting a Bounty on the Exportation of Raw Sugar the Produce of the British Plantations in the same State in which it was imported, shall be further continued for the Term herein after mentioned, (except where any Alteration is made by this Act).

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Bounty shall not be paid or allowed on any Raw Sugar, unless the same shall be exported directly from the Warehouse in which the same shall have been secured at the Time of Importation thereof, and on which the Duties of Customs due and payable thereon shall not have been paid; any Thing in the said recited Act of the Forty-seven.h Year of His present Majesty to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Act shall be and is hereby continued, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine.

CAP. XIII.

An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on Viscount Lake, and the Two next Persons to whom the Title of Viscount Lake shall defeend, in Consideration of the eminent Services of the late General Viscount Lake.

[2 lit March 1 808.J

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS Your Majesty, by Your most Gracious MefTage to Your most faithful Commons, has been pica ed to declare, That Your Majesty having taken into Your Royal Consideration the splendid 1 Atchievements and eminent Services performed by the late General Viscount Lake on the Continent of Europe 'and in the East Indies; Your Majesty was desirous to confer feme signal Mark of Your Royal Favour upoa

his Family, in order to enable them to support the Dignity of the Title conferred upon him; and for this purpose to give and grant to his eldest Son the present Viscount Lake, and to the Two next surviving ' Heirs Male of the Body of the Deceased, to wfhom the Title of Viscount Lake, and Baron Lake of Delh i and ' Lafwary, and of Aston Clinton in the County of Buckingham, shall defeend, for and during their Lives, a nett ' Annuity of Two thousand Pounds per Annum; but Your Majesty, not having it in Your Power to grant an ' Annuity to that Amount, or to extend the EfFeft of the said Grant beyond the Term of your Majesty's own ' Life, recommended it to Your faithful Commons, to consider of a proper Method of enabling Your Majesty

to grant the fame, and of extending, securing, and settling, such Annuity to the said Viscount Lake, and to

the Two next Persons on whom the Title of Viscount Lake, shall defeend, in such Manner as should be 'thought most effectual for the Benefit of the said Viscount Lake, and his Family; We, Your Majesty's 'most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, duly ' considering Your Majesty's moll Gracious Intention, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be 'enacted, &c.

" An Annuity of 2000l. per Ann. settled on Viscount Lake, and the Two next succeeding Heirs to his Title,

"to commence from Sept. 11 1803, and to be paid quarterly."

CAP. XIV.

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

[21 fl March 1808.]

HThi: Ad is Jxm'tlar in all Respects (except the Date) to 47 Geo. 3. Jl. J. c. 33. See the References there. —

" Continuance of A3 in Great Britain 25th March 1809; in Ireland ill April 1809.

CAP. XV.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion j and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

[21st March 1808.]

"Number of Forces 124, 063. § I. — §2 to 17, are the same as the like Sc8ions of 47 Geo. 3. Jl. 1 , c. 32."

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no General Court-martial for the Trial of any General Court*-

Officer (except in Africa or New South Wales) shall conlill of less than Thirteen Members. Martial toconiiit

of not lef* than 13 Members, except in Ahica, &.C.-

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any General Court-martial to

sentence any Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier, convicted of Desertion by such Court, to Service in such Country or Place or Places Abroad, or otherwise, and in such Regiment or Regiments, or Corps, as his Majesty shall please to direct, or for Life as a Soldier, or for any Term of Years beyond the Period for which such Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier shall have enlilled, and to a Forfeiture of all or any Part of the Benefit or Advantage as to Increafeof Pay, or as to Pension or Discharge, which might otherwise have accrued to such InrrrafcoiTay Noo-commissioned Officer or Soldier from the length or Nature of his Service. or Pension.

" } 20 to 71, are the same as §19 to 70, of 47 G. 3. Jl. X. c. 32."

LXXII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, Clause for Relief That, from and after the said Twenty-fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, when of Person* liafulj tad as often as any Person or Persons shall be enlilled as a Soldier or Soldiers in His Majesty's Land Service, enllft'pg he or they shall, within Four Days, but not sooner than Twenty-four Hours, after such inlifling respectively, liCa*civw* be carried before some Ju Rice of the Peace, of any County, Riding, City, or Place, or Chief Magistrate of any City or Town Corporate, residing or being next to, or in the Vicinity of the Place where such Person or Persons shall have been inlisted, and not being an Officer in the Army; and before such Justice or Chief Magis-tratchcorthey shall be at Liberty to declare his of their Diflent to such inlisting j and upon such Declaration,

and

General Courts-Martial may fentrnce

Dt-fme-rs to fen s for Life, &c. an.l to a Forfeiture of

33J

Huch Persons not paying the Money within the limited Time to he deemed to be enlisted; in which Case, or if they enlist, the Justices to retd over to them certain Section* of the Article of War and ad minister certain Oath*.

Kecroits enlisted tinder J9G. 3. c. tog. for the Fail India Company's Service, &c.

shall take the Oath of Allegiance.

Mailers in England to entitle them to claim Apprentices, who have been bound for Seven Years, shall take the Oath herein mentioned.

How Mailers in Scotland shall proceed to recover Apprentices.

Apprentices claimed by their M altars shall be carried before a Justice and committed.

C. 15. 48' GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

and returning the Inlisting Money, and also each Person so dissenting paying the Sum of Twenty Shillings for the Charges expended or laid out upon him, such Person or Persons io inlisting shall be forthwith discharged and set at Liberty, in the presence of such Justice or Chief Magistrate; but if such Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect, within the Space of Twenty-four Hours, to return and pay such Money as aforesaid, he or they shall be deemed and taken to be inlisted, as if he or they had given his or their Assent thereto before the said Justice or Chief Magistrate; or if such Person or Persons shall declare his or their having voluntarily inlisted himself or themselves, then such Justice or Chief Magistrate shall, and he is hereby required forthwith to read over, or in his own Presence cause to be read over, to such Person or Persons the Third and Fourth Articles of the Second Session, and the First Article of the Sixth Section of the Articles of War against Mutiny and Desertion, and to tender and administer to such Person or Persons respectively, not only the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the said Articles of War, but also the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (A.), or if the Person shall be desirous of inlifling without any Limitation of Period of Service, the Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked ( B.); and if such Person or Persons shall take the said Oaths, then such Justice or Chief Magistrate shall, and he is- hereby required forthwith to certify under his Hand the inlisting and swearing, together with the Place of the Birth, Age, and Calling, if known, of such Person or Persons, in the Form mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (C.), if the Oathin the Form marked (A.) shall have been taken, and in the Form marked (D.) if the Oath in the Form marked (B.) shall have been taken, except in the Case of Recruits inlisted to serve either in His Majesty's Troops, or in the Forces of the East India Company, according as His Majesty shall think fit, in pursuance of an Act passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty, intituled, An Act for better recruiting the Forces of the East India Company, in which Case every such Rtcruit shall, inilead of the said Oath of Fidelity, and of the Oaths contained in the Schedules (A.) or (B.) to this Act annexed, take the Oath of Allegiance directed by the said Act of the Thirty-ninth of His Majesty, and contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (E.); and the Justice or Chief Magistrate shall certify such Inliilment and Swearing accordingly in the Form mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (F.); and if any such Person or Persons, so to be certified, shall wilfully refuse to take the said Oath of Fidelity before the said Justice or Chief Magistrate, it shall and maybe lawful for such Officer, from whom he has received such Money as aforesaid, to detain orcontine such Person or Persons until he or they shall take the said Oath of Fidelity; and every Military Officer that shall act contrary hereto, or offend herein, shall incur the like Penalty and Forfeiture as is by this Act to be inflicted upon any Officer for making a false and untrue Muster; and the Penalty and Forfeiture shall be levied and recovered in the same Manner as any Penalties or Forfeitures are by this Act to be levied or recovered.

" §73 and 74 the same as §72 and 73, of 47 G. 3. Jl* I. r. 32. "

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That no Mailer in England shall be entitled to claim any Apprentice who shall, after the passing of this Act, enlist as a Soldier in His Majesty's Land Service, unless such Apprentice shall have been bound to him for the full Term of Seven Years, and unless such Mailer shall within One Calendar Month after such Apprentice shall haveabfeonded or left his Service, go before some Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, and before such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate take the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked'G-), and produce the Certificate of such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate of his having taken such Oath, which Certificate such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate is hereby required to give in tk Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked \ H.)

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Mailer in Scotland shall be entitled to claim any Apprentice who shall, after the passing of this Act, enlist as a Soldier in Majesty's Land Service, unless such Apprentice shall have been bound to him for the full Term of at least Four Years by a regular Contract or Indenture of Apprenticeship, duly extended, signed, and tested, and binding on both Parties by the Law of Scotland, prior to the Period of Enlistment, and unless such Contract or Indenture, so duly executed, shall, if entered into prior to the passing of this Act, within Three Months of the passing of this Act, and if entered into subsequent to the passing of this Act, within Three Months after the Commencement of the Apprenticeship, and before the Period of Enlistment, have been produced to a Justice of the Peace of the County wherein the Parties reside, and there shall have been indorsed thereon by such Justice a Certificate or Declaration signed by him, specifying the Date when, and the Person by whom such Contract or Indenture shall have been so produced, which Certificate or Declaration such Justice of the Peace is hereby required to indorse and sign, and unless such Apprentice shall, when claimed by such Matter, be under Twenty-one Years of Age, and unless such Matter shall, within One Calendar Month after such Apprentice shall have absconded or left his Service, go before some Justice of the Peace, and before such Justice of the Peace take the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (G.), and produce the Certificate of such Justice of the Peace of his having taken such Oath, which Certificate such Justice of the Peace is hereby required to give in the Form and Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (H.)

w $ 77«the same as §75, of 47 G. 3.J. I. c. 32."

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Apprentice who shall be claimed by his Mailer, shall be taken before a Justice of the Peace or Magistrate of the County, Stewartry, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Place, where such Apprentice shall happen to be when so claimed, and it shall be lawful for such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, and such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate is hereby required, on Proof on Oath of such Person being an Apprentice, and having enlisted and declared that he was no Apprentice, to commit such Person so offending as aforesaid to the Common Gaol of the County, Stewartry, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Place, where such Person shall be at the Time when he shall be so claimed by his said Matter, there to remain, until he shall be discharged by due Course of Law.

A.D. 1808.

333

48° GEORGII III.

C. 15.

Just ires to examine ujv-n Oa'h, and to keep the Indenture to he produced on the Trial.

Offender? shall be tried at the next Quarter Sessions;

an.l in S: otl; mJ by the .Judder Ordinary.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, except in Scotland, as herein after mentioned, before whom such Person so offending shall be so taken as aforesaid, to examine into the Matters alledged against: such Person upon Oath, and which Oath the said Magistrate is hereby empowered to administer; and also to keep in his Custody the Indenture of Apprenticeship, to be produced as Occasion shall require, and to bind over the Mailer claiming such Person, and any other Persons he may think proper, to give Evidence at the General or Quarter Sessioms of the Peace, or Session of Oyer and Terminer, at which the Trial of such Person is herein after directed to be had against such Person so offending.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That every such Offender, except in Scotland, as herein after mentioned, may and shall be tried at the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or Sessions of Oyer and Terminer for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Place, wherein the Offence charged shall have been committed, next after such Offender's being brought before such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate as aforesaid* unless the Court shall think fit to put off the Trial on jutl Cause.

LXXXI. And be it enacted, That every such Offender in Scotland shall and may be tried by the Judge Ordinary' in such County or Stewartry, in such and the like Manner as any Person may be tried in Scotland for an Offence not inferring a Capital Punishment.

M §82 to no are the same as §79 to 107, of 47 G. 3.^?. I- c. 32.*

CXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, except in Scotland, as herein after provided, P«*HVma sued That if any Action, Bill, Plaint, or Suit, shall be brought against any Person or Persons, for any Ad, Matter, may plead the or Thing, to be acted or done in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every Person and Persons, sued as aforesaid, to plead thereunto the general Issue, that he or they are not Guilty, and to give such Special Matter in Evidence to the Jury which shall try the Issue> w'hich Special Matter being pleaded had been a good and sufficient Matter in Law to have discharged the said Defendant or Defendants of the Trespass or other Matter laid to his or their Charge; and if the Verdict shall pass with the said Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein become Nonsuit, or suffer any Discontinuance thereof; that in every such Case the Justice or Justices, or such other Judge, before whom the said Matter shall be tried, shall by force and virtue of this Act, allow unto the Defendant or Defendants his or their Treble Treble Corta. Culls, w'hich he ortheyr shall have fuffained by reason of their wrongful Vexation in Defence of the said Action or Suit; for which the said Defendant or Defendants shall have the like Remedy as in other Cases where Coils by the Laws of this Realm are given to Defendants.

CXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Bill, Plaint, Action, or Suit against any Person or Persons, for any Ad, Matter, or Thing, to be acted or done in pursuance of this A (51, or against any Member 01 Miniffer of a Court-martial, in respect of any Sentence of such Court, or of any Thing done by virtue or in pursuance of such Sentence, shall be brought in some of the Courts of Record at West* mnsler, or in Dublin, or the Court of Session in Scotland, and in no other Court whatsoever.

the Court of SolTion in Scotland.

CXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action shall be raised or Complaint shall be preferred against In Scotland, any Person or Persons in Scotland, for any Ad, Matter, or Thing, to be acted or done in pursuance of this Act, such Action shall he raised and Complaint preferred in the Court of Session, and if such Court shall see fit to afloilzie the Defendant, or dismiss the Complaint, the Defender or Defenders shall have Treble Costs, awarded to him or them by the said Court.

" §114, 115, Il6, 117, are the same as § no, III, 112, 113, of 47 G. 3. Jl, I. c. 32."

CXVIII. 'And in order to prevent all Doubts that may arise in relation to punishfrig Crimes and Offences Off-nrc« adrift 'committed against former Acts of Parliament made in Great Britain and Irelandrcfpcdively, for punishing Mu-<iiny and Difcriic; /, and for the better Payment of the Army and their {fuartersy or against any of the Articles of War made and established by virtue of the fame be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Crimes and Offences which have been committed against any Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the letter Payment of the Army and their Quarters, or against any of the Articles of War made and established by virtue of the fame, shall and may, during the Continuance of this Act, be enquired of, heard, tried, and determined, adjudged, and punished, before and by the like Courts, Persons, Powers, Authorities, Ways,

Means, and Methods, as the like Crimes and Offences committed against this Act may be enquired of, heard, tried, determined, adjudged, and punished: And every Warrant for holding any Court-martial under any former Act shall remain in full Force, notwithstanding the Expiration of such Ad, and all Proceedings of any Court-martial upon any Trial, begun under the Authority of such former Act, shall not be discontinued by the Expiration of the fame, but it shall be lawful to proceed to Judgment upon any such Trial, and to carry such Judgment iivto Execution, in like Manner as if the Proceedings had been commenced under the Authority of this Act.

" §119, 120, are the same as §115, 116, of 47 G.$.Jl.l. c. 32."

" Continuance of Act in Great Britain, from 24th March 1807 to 25th March l8c8; in Ireland1st March u 1807 to ill April 1808; Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sarhy and Man, 30th April 1807 to ill May 1808; u Gibraltar, &c. 24th March 1808 to 25th March 1809, §121."

SCHEDULE (A.)

FORM OF OATH.

/ U Suits to lx* brought in torn# of the ( out tv of It* coni of Wrttniinjler, or in Dublin, (

Actions shall be preferred in the Court of ScilioJj*

Arr. pvV'Lk*. by this Act.

u The fame as Schedule (A.) of 47 G. 3. Jl, 1. c. 32. X x

SCHEDULE

LE

oogh

48 Geo. III.

S*&

48° GEORGII XXX.

BCHEDXJEE CJBO

Fdrmtrt OF OATH.

A.XX r 808*

_l - Ho mate Oath, that I am, <?/ have been, (erj- t&e Case may Z>e') XL./?<zf* Occupation tf any* »r

-.*/7 ^y 6^" and to the bed of my Xfiowledme and Belief was born in f- /fate County, JParish, Flace,

and that I am of the ^Ag-e of Years; that I Ho not belong- to the Militia or any other

d^feharged Majesty's Wavy or Marines; and that J will serve Jriis IV1 ajeHy until I rtiall be legally

SCHEDULE (C.)

FORM OF JUSTICE*s CERTIFICATE.

jT/c as Sc/cc/u/c (B.) of 4.7 G. 3. Jf. J -

3*-

SCHEDULE (E>.)

(or Chief* Magistrate of*

Years old. Feet

FORM OF JUSTICE'S CERTIFICATE.

J[ sf- A/., one of His FrTnjeSty's Justices of the Peace of

>h Ho hereby certify, That C. Z?. appeared to be Inches high. Complexion, Eyes, Hair, came before me at

o/j the Day of One thousand eight hundred and9and

/fated himself to be of the Age of Years, and that he had no .Rupture, and was not troubled

with Fits, and was no ways disabled by Eameness, Deafness, or otherwise, but had the perfect Use of his JLimhs and Hearing, - and was not an A.pprentice, and acknowledged, that he had voluntarily enliited himself for the Bounty of to serve His IVfajefiy Ring George the Third, in the

Regiment of commanded by until he should be legally discharged;

-And I do hereby certify, that in my Frefence the Third and Fourth .Articles of the Second Section, and the Fir/h Article of the Sixth Soft ion, of the A.rticles of War against bhitiny and Deferlion, were read over to lam, and that he took the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the said Articles of War, and also the Oath to the LEffedl above set forth, and that he received the Sum of on being attciled, and that I have given the said (7* j£?. a Duplicate of this Certificate signed with my JbJame.

SCHEDULE (E.)

OATH OF ALLEGIANCE, 39 G. 3. 109.

Fis yijme as Sc/>eJu/e (C.) of 4.7 G. 3. fl, I c. 32, "

SCHEDULE (F.)

FORM OF JUSTICE'S CERTIFICATE.

44Ffeyams as Sc/jtufu/e (D.) of 47 G. 3* j/. 1+ c. 32S* "

SCHEDULE

FORM OF MASTER'S OATH.

*c JSc fame as ScAfdu/c (E.) of 4.7 G. J?. I. c. 32.'*

SCHEDULE (H.)

FORM OF JUSTICE'S CERTIFICATE.

/Sc Zajnc asSdcdu/c 1I" J 4-7 O. 3* fl X» c. ^2

4f

Cap.

An Act for further continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of One thousand eight hundred and

nine, certain Bounties ami Drawbacks on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain and for suspending the Countervailing Duties and Bounties on Sugar when the Duties imposed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament shall be suspended 2 id ico8.]

'ecital of Acts, 43 G. 3. c. u. y. c, pj. yfi 5. r. 10. 47 G. 3. c. 29. Drawbacks

(Bounties in Schedule to recited Act, 4$ G. J. c. 93. shall be paid, §1. If, on y May, 5 September 9, ory tfr/aua/y 1809, the Average Prices of Brown or A'lu/covado Sugar shall not have exceeded for receding Quarter yos. y>er Ccuf. the Drawback or Bounty in the Schedule to 45 G- 3. c. 93. com spond-th the Price, shall be paid, Sec. / 2. Whenever under 46 G. 3. c. 4 §10. the Treasury shall suspend

rt of the Duty on Raw Sugar imposed by that Act, they also suspend a like Proportion

ountervailing Duties on/rift Refined Sugar imported, and of the Drawbacks and Bounties on Uritish ugar exported, $3. Recked Ad, 43 G. 3. c.U» continued to 809, §4* [£<*478.3.

a/u/f?r/?rwa f/jrrr, l '*

by G O C CAP.

A.D. 1808.

48° GEORGII III.

C. 17 — 21.

335

T1»C Duty of al. 105. uiulef :; .s Ci. J. c. r>8, § J. on Conna-ir.on, etc. exported, repealed.

CAP. XVII.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine* certain Acts for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland, and allowing Britifj Plantation Sugar to be warehoused in Ireland; and for warehousing in Ireland Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations. full March 1808.]

" 47 G. 3. c. 19. continued till March 29 1809, § I. 41 G. 3. r. 94. continued till March 25 1809, ^2.

" Acts may be altered or repealed this Section, §3.*

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for amending and further continuing an Act: made in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Payment of the Duties on Cinnamon, Cloves, Nutmeg-, and Mace.

[2 ill March 1808.]

44 38 G 3. c. 68. (continued by 42 G. 3. c. 20, §4.) further continued till March 25 1814, b 1

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act of the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, as charges a Duty of Two Pounds Ten Shillings for every One hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all Cinnamon, Cloves, Nutmegs, and Mace exported from Great Britain,

shall from and after the pairing of this Act ccafe and determine.

CAP. XIX.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, an Act made in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty*, for permitting the Importation of #46 G. 3. c.n7. Mails, Yards, Bowsprits, and Timber, for Naval Purposes, from the Briti Colonies in North America, Duty-free. 2ill March 1808.]

CAP. XX.

An Act to continue until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, several Laws relating to the Encouragement of the Greenland Whale Fisheries; to the Ad million to Entry in Great Britain of Oil and Blubber of Newfoundland taken by His Majesty's Subjects carrying on the Fishery from and residing in the said liland, and to the allowing the Importation of Fish from Newfoundland and the Coast of Labrador.

[21st March 1808.]

44 26 G. 3. r. 41. for the Encouragement of the Greenland Fisheries; and so much of 29 G. 3. c. 53. as relates 41 to the Greenland Seas and Davis*s Strciglits, shall continued by 46 G. 3. t. 29, $ 5 A further continued till March 44 25 1810, } 1. — 43 G. 3. c. 68, §39. as relates to the Admission to Entry of Oil or Blubber, &c. (lait con-41 tinued by 46 G. 3. c. 29, §7.) further continued till March 25 18 10, §2. — 47 G. 3. c. 24. for allowing Importation of and granting Bounty on pickled Salmon and salt Cod, continued till March 25 1810, §3."

CAP. XXI.

An Act to empower the Commissioners appointed for distributing the Money paid by the United States of America, to withdraw the fame irotn the Bank, and invelt it in Exchequer Bills.

t March 1808.-j

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Matedv, intituled 43 0. 3. r. 4VV An Act for appointing Commissioners for dislriiuting the Money jlipulated to be paid by the United 'States of America, under the Convention made between His Alajtfly and the said United Sta.es, among the Per-'Jons having Claims to Compensation out of fuels Metier, certain Commissioners were appointed for apportioning,

'dividing, and distributing the Sum of Six hundred thousai.d Pounds, which the United States of America 'ergagv-d to pav by Inilalments for the Hie of the Persons defcnbcci in the Sixth Article of the Treaty of Commerce, Amity, and Navigation, concluded at London on the Fourth Day of November One thousand seven hundred and ninety four, between His Majesty and t\: laid United States, in Satisfaction of the Money which the United States might have been liable to pay in pursuance of the Provisions of the said Sixth Article; which said Sum of Six hundred thousand Pounds has lince been paid; and it was by the said recited Act directed, that the several Instalments of the said Sum of Six hundred thousand Pound*

should be paid into the hands of the Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to the Account of the said Commissioners, and should be and remain in the Names of the said Commissioners, to be paid to the several and respective Persons entitled thereto, under the Order of the said Co mini ill oners or 4any two of them, pursuant to the Provisions of the said recited Act; And whereas Part of the said Sum of Six hundred thousand Pounds hath already been di/tr.buted by the said Commissioners in pursuance of the said recited Act; but a considerable Time may elapse before all the Claims of Persons entitled to recei\e 4any Compensation out of the said Sum of Six hundred thousand Pounds are adjudged, arid it may be expedient that such Part of the Balance of the said Sum of Money remaining in the Hanth of the Cashierof the said Governor and Company undiltribuUd, as to the said Commi dinners shall seem fit, should in the mean Time bevelled in Exchequer Bills be it then fore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this pudent Parliament act-irbled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall he lawful for the Commissioners appointed by the said recited Act to withdraw such Part of the Balance of the said Sum of Six hundred thousand

id^,

A.D. 1808.

336 C. 21 26- G E ORGII III.

The Cnmmi ffir>n-ers under recited Ae£t mnytvi t hdr.ir the ftuluncc at the Hank, and invcfl the ISioncy in fcxchercjucr Jiilh. t, he d'}M>fi 1*d in the HunL ffjr the f 'ltrjMjfe-s c>/* the tald Act.

Pounds, remaining in the Hands of the fh; d Cashier of the said Goremor and Company, as to the said Commissioners fhvAl seem fit, from the ffands of the Cashier of the said Governor and Company, and to invest the fame in Exchequer Hills, which Exchequer Hills shall be deposited in the fdands of the said Governor and Company, and shall be and remain in the fame Names on the fame Account and to and for the fame Intents and Purposes, and subject to the like Claims of Compensation, in Proportion to the Amount thereof, as well as of the Interest accruing on the said Exchequer Bills, and to the like Orders of Payment, and other Regulations, as the said part of such Balance of the said Sum of Six hundred thousand Pounds was pursuant to the said recited a<5f, before the same shall have been so invelied in Exchequer I3iils as aforesaid.

CAP. XXII.

An Act for making perpetual several laws relating to permitting the Exportation of Tobacco-Pipe-Chxy from Great Brifititt to the Bntl/b Sugar Colonies in the JV'e/l Indies; the Importation of Salt from into in Bfucrica; and the prohibiting of Foreign-wrought Silks and Velvets.

[2lfl March 180S.}

iy G. 3. c. 43, §3.-permitting Exportation of Tobacco-Pfpe-C2: iy to the Jlri/ish IVrfl Indies f la ft

continued byr 42 G. 3. c. 2.0, §2.) made perpetual, § r.G. 3. c. 19. for importing Salt into Quclcr, from

" Iit/rof>c (last continued by 43 G. 3. c. 29, §7.)made perpetual, §2.-0 G. 3. r. 28. so far as prohibits the

Importation of Foreign-wrought Silks and Velvets, (hist continued by 43 G. 3. cm 133* §2made perpetual, "except so far as it is repugnant to 43 G. 3. r- 06. Sched. (A.} title Si/Xr.-$ S-'*

Cap. xxrrr.

An Act to continue several Laws relating to the granting a Bounty on the Importation into Great Britain of Hemp, and rough and undressed Flax, from Idis Majesty's Colonies in America; and to the more effectually encouraging the Manufacture of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain until the Twenty-fifth Day of jlfarc/j One thousand eight hundred and ten; and for granting a Bounty upon certain Species of Britj/fo and Irish Linens exported from Great Britain, and taking of Fthe Duties on Importation into Great Britain, of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax, until the Twenty-fifth Day of Jlfarc/a One thousand eight hundred and eleven. £2lft March 1808.]

" 4 G. 3. c. 26. for granting Bounty on Hemp and Flax (1 all continued by 46 G, 3. c. 29, §4.) farther "continued till Afarch 25 1810, § J. — 23 G. 3. c. 77. for encouraging Manufacture ot Flax and Cotton (last " continued by 26 G3. c. 29, §8.) further continued till Afarch 25 1810, §2. — 29 G. 2. c. 15. for granting "Bounties on Linen, See. shall continued by 46 G. 3. r. 29, §3.) further continued till March 25 1811, §3."

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for further continuing, until Three Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, an Act made in the Forty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, for permitting the Importation into Great Britain, of Hides and other Articles in Foreign Ships.

[21st March 1808.]

"44 G. 3. c. 29. (as amended by 45* G. 3. c. 80, §3, 4. and continued by 46 G. 3. c. 29, $9.) further continued until Three Months aftei the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty ot Peace."

CAP. XXV.

An Act for further continuing until the Twenty-fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine, an Act made in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland. £2 ift Alarch 1808.]

" 33 G. 3. c. 74. (last continued by 46 G. J. /. 24.) further continued till July 25 1809."

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, Duties of Customs on the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein enumerated, in furtherance of the Provisions of certain Orders in Council. £28th March 1808.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS Measures which have been taken by Powers at War with Your Majesty, prohibiting in rr Violation of the Law of Nations all Intercourse with this Kingdom, and all Trade in any Articles of its Growth or Manufacture, have rendered it necessary for Your Majesty to issue Orders in Council to*counteract the Disadvantages which were thereby imposed upon the Trade of Your Majesty's Subjects, and to retaliate upon the Enemy the Evils which he intended to inflitt upon this Kingdom: And whereas it is expedient

may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent >/the Lords Spiritual and TcmporaU and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority

4 VJ vJ Cj of

A.D. 1808.

48" GEORGII III.

C. 26.

337

or U-fs V. eiftit than expressed in the SchutiuUju

Good-, ware-housed.and take* out for Homo Confinnption, shall l»e liable t I)uiies on Exportation under thli Act*

of the fame, That from and after the passing of this Act, there shall he raised, levied, collected, and paid unto His Duties imposed Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, upon all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, enumerated or described in the ar<('ttl, I, r to Tables (A.) (B.) and (C.) annexed to this Act, exported from Great Britain* the several Duties of Customs, as the same are respectively described and set forth in Figures in the said Tables. exported from (jr^lt Britain.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Duties granted and imposed by this Act, and made payable according Duty c* greater to the Weight, Tale, Gauge, Measure, or Value of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize charged with such Duties, shall be charged and payable upon any greater or less Weight, Number, Quantity, or Value thereof than the Weight, Number, Quantity, or Value particularly inserted, described, and set forth in the Tables hereunto annexed, marked (A.) (B.) and (C.) in proportion to the actual Weight, Number, Quantity, or Value of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize.

III. And be it further enacted, That where any Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, which are allowed to be, or which shall have been warehoused, or otherwise secured, at the Time of the Importation thereof, without Payment of the Duties due thereon, shall be taken out or entered Inwards for Home Consumption, and the Duties of Customs and Excise then due thereon shall have been paid, and the same shall afterwards be entered for Exportation, then and in every such Case the Duties of Customs by this Act imposed shall be paid on the Exportation of the said Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, notwithstanding the Payment of any Drawbacks to which the Exporter thereof may in such Case under any Law or Laws then in force be entitled.

IV. ' And whereas by an Order in Council dated the Twenty-fifth of November One thousand eight hundred and seven, it was ordered and declared, that Information of a certain other Order in Council of the Eleventh ' of November One thousand eight hundred and seven, should be taken and held to have been received in the ' Places herein after mentioned at the Periods respectively assigned to them; namely, Ports and Places within the Baltic on the Twenty-first of December One thousand eight hundred and seven; other Ports and Places to ' the Northward of Amsterdam on the Eleventh of December One thousand eight hundred and seven; from ' Amsterdam to UJhant on the Fourth of December One thousand eight hundred and seven; from U/hant to Cape

Fitpiflerreon the Eighth of December One thousand eight hundred and seven; from Cape Finisterre to Gibraltar ' inclusive, on the Thirteenth of December One thousand eight hundred and seven 5 Madeira the Thirteenth 1 of December One thousand eight hundred and seven; Ports and Places within the Streights of Gibraltar to

Sicily and Malta and the West Coasts of Italy inclusive, on the First of January One thousand eight hundred and ' eight; all other Ports and Places in the Mediterranean beyond Sicily and Malta on the Twentieth of January ' One thousand eight hundred and eight; Ports and Places beyond the Dardanelles on the First of February One thousand eight hundred and eight; any Part of the North and Western Coast of Africa or the Iflantls adjacent,

'except Madeira, on the Eleventh of January One thousand eight hundred and eight; the United States and ' British Possessions in North America and the West Indies on the Twentieth of January One thousand eight hundred and eight; Cape of Good Hope and the East Coast of South America on the First of March One thousand eight hundred and eight; India on the First of May One thousand eight hundred and eight; China and the Coast of South America on the First of June One thousand eight hundred and eight be it therefore enacted,

That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to prevent any Vessel which shall have failed from any such Port or Place before the Period above specified as aforesaid, and which shall have been brought into or shall have come into any Port in Great Britain under any Warning given in pursuance of any of the said Orders in Council, from proceeding on her Voyage to any Port Or Place whatever, without entering or landing any Part of her Cargo in Great Britain (except Cotton Wool or Yarn, or Jesuits Bark'} and without the Payment of any Duty granted by this Act upon any Part of the Cargo (except Cotton Wool or Yarn, or Jesuits Bark): Provided always, that if the Port or Place to which such Vessel shall proceed, shall belong to a Country in Amity with His Majesty, and from which the British Flag is not excluded, such Vessel shall in that Case be permitted to proceed without being compelled to land any Part of her Cargo, or to pay any Duty imposed by this Act in respect of the same.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to Charge with any of the Duties granted by this Act, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize (except Cotton Wool or Yarn, and Jesuits Bark) imported into Great Britain in any Vessel, under any Licence bearing Date before the Eleventh Day of November last, of in any Vessel which shall have been cleared out from the Port or Place from which such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize were imported before the Period in this Act specified, as to such Port or Place, as the Period at which the said Orders in Council shall be taken and held to have been received, in any Cases in which the said Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall, upon their Importation, have been or shall be warehoused for Exportation only.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to charge with any of the Duties granted by this Act, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize on the Exportation from Great Britain (except Cotton Wool or Yarn, and Jesuits Bark) which shall have been or shall he imported into Great Britain prior to the first Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, from any free Port in any of His Majesty's Plantations in the West Indies or any other Port or Place, under any Licence from the Governor of any of His Majesty's Plantations duly authorized for that Purpose, bearing Date prior to the Twenty-first Day of January last, in cale such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall, on their Importation into Great Britain, have been or shall be warehoused for Exportation only.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Goods, Wares, or Merchandize deferib'd in the said Tables (A.) and (B.) of the Growth and Produce of Saint Domingo, which shall have been or shall be imported inro Great Britain by Licence in return for Goods exported to the said Island, bearing Date prior to the Fifth of February One thousand eight hundred and eight, and which shall have b^en or shall be warehoused for Exportation, shall be liable, on the Exportation thereof, to any of the Duties of Customs granted by this Act; and all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Growth and Produce of Saint Doming

which shall have

VeflHs havia£ failed from certain Boris, before Times limited in Order ot C ouncil, may proceed from Great Britain with their f ur^o, without payment of said Export Duties, tCe. f except Cotton Wool and Bark.)

Exemption for Goods except Cotton W o<»i, kc.i imported under Licence,

dao-d befoifc 1 1 Nov.

[N-r -ts G. J. C. 71.J

Like Exemption for (ioods imported from fire Ports in West Indies, under Licence, prv r to 1 June 1*0*1. [l./uetf 4 sCL.l.e.71

Exemption for (. nrjs itrij orteil from ^t. I >0-m.r.po, under Li cent* dated pr.or to I < h. 5, lfluS. Goods imported undue

A.D. 1808.

2^8 C. 2 (5#

48° GEORGII III.

subseqvient Lie Nurs, liable to riuit the Puics.

For chanr'ing the Duties on Pt ze Goods. [.S', c 4S G. 3. C. 71.

Duties shall be raift-d as tomur Duties of

Customs.

Ascertaining Value of Goods, pajing Denies ad valor an.

27 G. 3. c. id.

Goods detaired as uwlervalu'd ir.ay be reiton d on tlu Kntry being amended*

have been or shall be imported into Great Britain under any Licence bearing Date subsequently to the said Fifth Day of February., shall, upon the Exportation thereof from Great Britain, be chargeable with and (object and liable to Onc-half Part only of the Duties of Customs granted by this Act upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize of the like Description, upon their Exportation from Great Britain.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, which have been or may be condemned as Prize, shall, on the Exportation thereof from Great Britain, be charged with and subject and liable to the Duties by this Act imposed on the Exportation of the like Goods, Wares, or Merchandize respectively, any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained thall extend to charge with any of the Duties granted by this Act, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize [except Cotton Wool or Yarn, or Jesuits Bark) which shall have been or ihallbe brought into any Port in Great Britain for Adjudication before the passing of this Act, whether the same shall have been or shall be subsequently reitored or condemned as Prize.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Duties of Customs described and set forth in Figures in the said Tables hereunto annexed, marked (A.) (B.) and (C.)on the several Goods, Wares, and Merchandize speciihd therein, shall be paid to the proper Officer authorized to receive the Duties of Customs on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported into Great Britain, and may and shall respectively be managed, ascertained, raiiVd, levied, collected, answered, paid, and recovered, except where any alteration is expressly made by this Act, in such and the like Manner, and by the fame Means, Ways, or Methods, as former Duties of Customs upon Goods, Wares, or Merchandize in general, and also by any such lpeeial Means, Ways, or Methods respectively, as former Duties of Customs upon Goods, Wares, or Merchandize of the fame Sorts or Kinds were or might be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, and recovered; and the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whereon Duties of Customs are by this A cl charged, as the lame are respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the said Tables, upon Exportation thereof from Great Britain, shall be and the same are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Securities, Rules, Restrictions, Seizures, and Forfeitures, to which .Goods, Wares, or Merchandize in general, and also all and every the special Conditions, Rules, Regulations,

ReilriClions, Seizures, Sales, and Forfeitures respectively, to which the like Goods, Wares, or Merchandize 'were subject and liable by any Act or A its of Parliament in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act respecting the Revenue of Customs, except where any Alteration is expressly made by this Act; and all Pains, Penalties, Fines, and Forfeitures, of whatever Nature or Kind the fame maybe, as well Pains of Death as others, for any Offence whatever committed against or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the pairing of tins Act, made for securing the Revenue of Customs, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers, Provisoes, and Directions contained in any such Act or Acts, shall (unless where expressly altered by this Act) extend to and be respectively applied, practised, and put in Execution, in rrfpcdt of the several Duties of Customs hereby charged, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties, or Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, and made Part thereof.

X. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where, by the said Tables, the Duties of Customs by this Act imposed upon the Exportation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize from Great Britain, are charged not according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge, or Mensure, but according to the Value thereof, such Value shall be considered as the same shall be at the Port ot Exportation, without any Deduction or Abatement whatever; and such Value shall b'ascertained by the Decimation of the Exporter or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or his known Agent, in the Manner tied Form, and under all the Rules, Regulations, and R.eftridtions, and subject to the fame Forfeitures and Penalties as are prescribed and directed for ascertaining and collecting the Duties to be paid upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, according to the Value thereof, by an Act paffid 1.1 the Twenty-fevwrth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, S?n sift for repealing the several Duties of C idioms and Exclfc, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties tovtibtr nuifh the oih, r Duths composing the publick Revenue, for permitting the Importation of < eriran Goods, f I'a res, and Merchandize, the Produce or Alan if a Pure of the European Dominions of the French Kin? into this Kingdom, and for applying certain unclaimed Monies remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Burn ties on Lives to the Reduuv.ri of the National Debt; and cale any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, chargeable with any such Duty by this Act, according to Value, shall not be valued according to the true Price or Value thereof, and according to the true Intent and Meaning af this Act, then it shall be lawful for the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, to eause thr fame to be detained; and the said Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, shall be dealt with, and the proper Officer of the Customs shall proceed, with relation to the said Good?, Wares, and Merchandize so detained, in every respect in the Manner prescribed in such Case by the said recited Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, upon which Duties of Customs are hereby imposed, shall be detained by any Officer of the Customs on account of the fame not being valued according to the true and r< nl Value thereof, and according to the true Intent and Meaning of the Act, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England and Scotland respectively, for the Time being, or any Three or more of them respectively, upon Proof being made to their Salici'action that no Fraud was intended, to direct the Entry to be amended, upon such Terms and Conditions as under the Circun.stances of the Cale shall appear to the said Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland ref pi dively to be reasonable, and as they shall think fit to direct: Provided always, that it the Importer, E\ri tter, or Proprietor of Inch Goods, Wares, or Merchant! ze, shall accept the Terms or Conditions

- " Customs

euce or

respectively, such Importer, Exporter, or rropnetor, Damage on account of the Detentiou of such Goods,

Waves,

pride bed by the said Lon it limners 01 the I shall 1 ot have or be entitled to a.iy Recomp

339

A.D. 1808.

48° GEORGII III.

C. 26.

Duties shall be manag'd by Boar Is of Cuiloms.

Ships arriving wit'* either the

Wares, or Merchandize, or l ave or maintain any Action whatever for the fame; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties of Customs by this Act imposed, as shall arise in that part of Great Britain called England', shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Cuiloms in England for the Time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Cuiloms in Scotland for the Time being.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Whole or any Part of the Cargo of any Vessel, which shall arrive in any Port of Great Britain shall confdl of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatever, of the Growth,

Produce, or Manufacture of any Country or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the Ur. ited Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, such Vessel shall forthwith proceed to the Port of London, CareoEastlndi*

where all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize shall be landed, lodged, and secured under His Majesty's Lock,

in some of the Warehouses belonging to the said United Company, at the Expence of the Proprietors of such proceed to

Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and be there examined, and an Account taken thereof by the proper Officers of London, and bo

the Customs, and of the Excise in Cases where that Revenue is concerned, and such Goods, Wares, and Merchan- "w^lwuled.

dize shall remain so secured until the Exportation thereof; and before any such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize

shall be taken out of such Warehouse for the Purpose of Exportation, the several Duties of Cuilonv, as the same are described and set forth in Figures in the Table hereunto annexed, marked (C.) shall be first paid to the proper Officer of the Culioms; and in those Cases in the said Table marked ( C.) where the Duties to be paid on the Exportation of any such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize shall not be charged according to the Weight,

Tale, Gauge, or Measure, but according to the Value thereof, such Value shall be ascertained by the Declaration of the Proprietor or his known Agent, in the Manner and Form, and under the Rules,

Regulations, and Restrictions, and subject to the fame Forfeitures and Penalties as are prescribed and imposed

for ascertaining and collecting Duties to be paid according to the Value thereof, by the said recited Act passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty; and in case any such Goods. Wares, or Merchandize, 27 G. 3. c.id.

shall not be valued according to the true and real Value thereof, then it flv.dl be lawful for the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs to cause the same to be detained, and the said Goods, Wares, and Merchandize shall be

dealt with, and the proper Officers of the Culioms shall proceed in the Manner prescribed in such Case by the said recited Act: Provided always, that such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, so detained, 1 Cotton Wool

excepted) shall be sold only for the Purpose of being exported from Great Britain, any Law, Cullom, or

Uiageto the contrary' notwithstanding: Provided also, that in case any Part of the Cargo of any such Ship or

Vessel so confiding in Part of East Indian Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, as aforesaid, shall coiiiiil of Goods,

Wares, or Merchandize, not being of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any Country or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, such last-mentioned Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, shall be duly entered, either to be secured or lodged in Warehouses, according to the Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, of an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for permitting certain Goods imported into Great Britain to be secured 43 G. 3. c.ia 2, in IVarehouse without Payment of Duty; and of a certain other Act, passed in ihc Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to authorise the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to fermit certain Articles to be warehoused in different Ports in Great Britain, upon giving security for the Payment oj Duties upon the Articles therein mentioned; and of a certain other Act, passed in the Forty-sixth Year of His laid Majesty, intituled.

An Act to extend the Provisicr.s of an Act, made in the Forty-third Year of His present Mayjly, for permitting 46G. 3. C. 1-17.

certain Articles to be zvarchoused in Great Britain, to other Articles not therein mentioned, and to alter the Condition

of the Bond directed to be given by an Act of the Twenty fourth Year of His present Majesty, by the Ma/lers and

Owners of V(ffcls and Boats licenced by the Lords of the Admiralty, provided such Goods, Wares, and

Merchandize by Law may be so lodged or secured, otherwise the full Duties of Culioms and of Excise (in

Cases where any such Duties are payable on such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize) due thereon, shall be paid

to the proper Officers of the Culioms and Excise; and all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, lo brought

into the Port of London, shall, on the Exportation thereof, be charged with the Duties due and parable by

this Act on any such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize respectively, as the same are described and set forth in

the Tables hereunto annexed, marked (A.) and (B.) as the case may be.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the Cullcftor and Comptroller of the Customs of any Port in Great Britain, by the Report of any Vessel which shall arrive at such Port with any Cargo, Part whereof shall confitl of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any Country or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indus, that such Goods, 'Wares, and Merchandize do not exceed in Value One Fourth Part of tho whole Value of the Cargo of such Vessel, them and in such Case it shall be lawful for the Owner, Configuee, or Captain of such Vessel, after giving such Security as shall be directed by the Commissioners of the Cuiloms in England and Scotland respectively, or any Three of them, for the due Conveyance of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize as aforesaid, to the Port of London, there to be warehoused as aforesaid, and not before, to laud the Cargo of such Vessel at the Port of her Arrival, except such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize as aforesaid, and either to cause such Goods,

Wares, and Merchandize to be conveyed in the fame Ship to the Port of I.ondon, or to caute the lame to be tnnsshipped in order to be conveyed to the said Port, upon the said Security, and under such R guhitions and Rcilr; 6tions for securing the conveying the same to the said Port, as shall be directed by the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland Tcfpcti\x\\y.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Proprietor or Proprietors of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, brought into Great Britain, may, if he or they dial 1 be so disposed, instead of paying the full Duties of Cuiloms and Excise due and payable thereon, secure or lodge in Warehouic$ approved by the Commissioners

43 G. 3. c. 97.

WflVls arriving at Out l\>rts

\< iih i-.irt Kail India not

t )ne-

li uitil tn vain© o.; lio ( '»r_o, m.tv uni. ad

of

th ( ar '<» and Iran1!fii|» H>.lt lr.ilL Goods to Lk.-n.Gn ou Security.

Importers may uar-hous; without l'aynifnt of liupoit Dory,

34°

unfertile prneral

wave hunting \&9 any (iomls which iTiijht ho Iowa fell- »u(V(l in Cai'es of regular importation.

Goods may be iloll roved at Rorjueft of Owners.

Warehoused

Goods shall he cleared in ] 5 Months, &c.

Rr-( jcporlarion Ot' < i?)0 Is lb warehousod.

Exemption for (.oods os ported to Ireland; and lriih ( n'ods esponrd through (mat Britain.

Exemption for C. 10oil.* the luce of (.(tmtrics in Amity. Exception.

Exemption for r>iK>d» of fhiufh

Colonies.

Exempt ion for C'-tids ivnpoited b; - K*H India ( <mpaiiy, or

tied' i their Latenee.

C. 26. 48° GEORGII III. A.D. 180S.

Commissioners of the Customs of England or Scotland respectively, without Payment of Duty in the first Instance, any Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, which, by virtue of any Law in force at the Time of pa fling this Act, are allowed to be so secured and warehoused, under the Conditions and Regulations of the said recited Acts passed in the Forty-third, Forty-fifth, and Forty-sixth Years of His present Majesty respectively; and all inch Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, so warehoused, on which the full Duties of Customs and Excise shall have been paid, shall, on the Exportation thereof, be subject and liable to and be charged with the Duties of Cuiloms imposed by this Act, as inserted and set forth in the Tables hereunto annexed, as the Case may be.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Customs, or any Three or more of them, upon the Request of the Owner, Proprietor, or Consignee of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize warehoused, to destroy the fame, in such Manner as they shall respectively direct, without Payment of Duty, and upon Payment only of any Charges and Expences due thereon.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Importers, Proprietors, or Consignees of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, which shall have been lodged in Warehouses, or otherwise secured according to the Directions of the said recited Act passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, by virtue and under the Authority of which any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize Hull have been so lodged or secured, shall, within Fifteen Calendar Months, to be computed from the Day on which such Importers, Proprietors, or Configures of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall have made their first Entry thereof, clear and take from and out of such Warehouses or Places respectively all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, either for the Purpose of being exported according to the Directions of this Act, on Payment of the Duties hereby imposed, or to be used or consumed in Great Britain; Provided always, that such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, may legally be taken out for that Purpose, on Payment of the full Duties of Customs and Excise that are or may be due or payable thereon at the Time the same are so taken out; and in case any such Importers, Proprietors, or Consignees, shall fail or neglect so to do, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Customs in England or Scotland respectively, to cause all such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, to be publickly fold or exposed to Sale; and after such Sale, the Produce thereof shall tii ft be applied to or towards the Payment of the Freight, Primage, and Charges of Warehouse-room, and other Charges that shall arise thereon, next to the Duties of Customs and Excise, and the Overplus (if any) shall he paid to the Proprietor or other Persons authorized to receive the same: Provided always, that in case any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, so remaining and directed to be sold, shall be of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any Country or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or any Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, which shall be pro* hibited to be used or consumed in Great Britain, then and in such Case all such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall be sold only for the Purpose of being exported, and not on any Pretence whatever to be used or consumed in Great Britain; provided that no such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall be so fold, unless a Price can be obtained for the fame equal a( Least to the full Amount of all Duties of Customs and Excise, charged and chargeable thereon, together with the Expences; but if such Price cannot be obtained, then and in such Case all inch Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall be effectuafty destroyed by and in the Presence of th# proper Officers of the Customs, and also the Officers of the Excise in case any Duties of Excise are payable thereon, who are hereby respectively authorized and required to destroy the fame accordingly; and the Proprietor or Owner of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, shall have no Claim, either in Law or Equity, to the Value of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or any Part thereof, so destroyed as aforesaid, any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, may be re-exported to the Country from which they were brought, or to the Country from which the Vessel in which such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize were imported shall belong or shall have belonged, without Payment of the Duties imposed by this Act, and upon Payment only of such Warehouse or Port Duties as shall have become due thereon, provided that the British Flag shall not, at the Time of such Re-exportation, be excluded from such Country respectively.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to charge the Duties imposed by this Act on any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatever, that shall be exported from Great Britain to that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland; or on any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Ireland', having been imported from thence directly to Great Britain, on the Exportation thereof to any Country whatever.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to charge the Duties by this Act imposed on the Exportation of any Flour or Meal, or Articles not being either in the Whole or in Part manufactured, being of the Growth or Produce of any State in Europe or slmerira in Amity with His Majesty, and imported in any Ship belonging to such State, nr in any British Ship navigated according to Law directly from any such State; (except Coffte, Sugar, Pimento, Cocoa Nuts, Hides, Tallow, Oil, and Cotton Wool or Yarn, or Jesuits Bark.)

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to charge with the Duties imposed by this Act any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any British Colony, Plantation, or Settlement in dfrici or America, which shall have been imported directly from such Colony, Plantation, or Settlement respectively and exported to any Port or Place whatever.

XXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to charge with the Duties imposed by this Act, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, that shall have been imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to t, he East Indies, or by any Subjects of His Majesty trading within the Limits of the Charter of the said Company with

their

A.D. 1808.

48° GEORGII III.

C. 26, 341

tbrir Licence, upon the Exportation of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, from Great Britain to any

Port or Places whatever.

XXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be cor it rued to extend, to charge the Duty by this Act imposed 011 any Wine, Spirits, or Tobacco, which shall be shipped for the Use of His Majesty's Army or Navy; but such Wine, Spirits, or Tobacco, shall be subject and liable to all and every the Rules, Regulations, id Conditions, Limitations, Securities, Penalties, and Forfeitures, to which fuqh Articles so shipped would have been subject and liable, if this Act had not been made.

XXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be conilrucd to extend, to charge with the Duties by this Act imposed any the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, exported from Great Britain to the Isle of Man, by virtue and under the Authority of any Licence which the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England or Scotland, or any Three or more of them respectively, arc or maybe by Law authorized and empowered to grant.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Duties by this Act imposed on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize exported from Great Britain, shall not be charged or payable on any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, not mnnufactured either in the Whole or in Part, nor upon any Wine or any Article of Provision (Spirits excepted) exported to any Britfh Colony, Plantation, or Settlement, in Africa or America, or to any British Settlement s. ithin the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies; any Tiling in tiiii Act to the contrary notwithstnndi.ig.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That no Ship or Vessel of tin. United States of America which ft'ill enter any Port in Great Britain or Ireland in conferuerce of her having been warned not to proceed to a blockaded Port under His Majesty's Order in Council of the Eleventh of November One thousand eight hundred and seven, shall be liable to be charged w.th the Dm./ of Two Shillings a Ton of the burthen of any Ship or Vessel belonging to the inhabitants of the said United States, imposed by an Act of the Tiiirty-seventh Year of His Majestys Reign, which has been continued and revived by fe deral fubLcjueut Acts. (Junes under7 G.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing H: rein contained, shall extend to affect or take away any of the Rights or Privileges of the West India Do: Company, of the London Dock Company, ©rof the East India Dock Company.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Duties granted and impoied by this Act shall continue in force until the End of the next Session of Parliament, unless His Majesty, by His Order in Council, shall think fit to suspend or reduce the fame, or any Part thereof.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shal? be lawful for His Majesty, at any Time, by Order in Council, to suspend the Operation of this Act as to any Duties, or any Proportion or Part of any Duties granted by this Act, in re lye ft of any Country for the Time being in Amity with His Majesty, and to allow the Exportation to any such Country so in Amity with His Majesty as aforesaid, of any Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, made subject by this Act to any Duties on Exportation, without the Payment of such Duties, upon such Terms and Conditions, and subject to such Relfriftions, as to His Majesty may seem fit.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent His Majesty from prohibiting the Exportation of any Articles, Matters, or Things, to any Country or Place from which the British Flag is excluded, in any Case in which it would have been lawful for His Majesty to prohibit such Exportation, if this Act had not paired.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Duties imposed by an Act, passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty during the present IVar, and until the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, IVares, and Merchandize, and on the 'Tonnage of Ships and Vessels in Great Britain, on certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein enumerated and described, and which by another Act passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for permitting certain Goods imported into Great Britain to be secured in IVarchouse without Payment of Duty, were directed to be paid on all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize (Sugar excepted) which should be exported from the Ware-houses or Places in which such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize had been lodged or secured, under the Directions of the said last recited Act, shall not be due or payable on any such Goods, Wares, ai d Merchandize so exported, on which other Duties are charged, according to the Table marked (A.) hereunto annexed; but that the Duties on any such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, as set forth in the said Table, shall, during the Continuance of such Duties, be instead and in li<*u of the Duties charged and imposed thereon by the said Two last recited Acts passed in the Forty-thinl Year of His present Majesty's Reign.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising from the Duties of Customs hv this Act imposed (the necessary Charge of raising and accounting for the fame excepted) shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at IV cjiminster, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the Publick Revenue; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies atifing from the said Duties, and paid int o the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid aryl payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, upon any Account whatever j and the said Monies io paid in im aforesaid, into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, shall from Time to Time, as the lame shall be paid into the said Receipt, be issued and applied to such ferw'ces a - shall then have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this present Session of Parliament, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight, or shall be voted by the said Commons for the Service of any fu.bfeqtient Year.

48 Geo. III. Vy XXXII. Ami

'Exemption for Wine, Spirit*, awl Tobacco, for Army an J Navy.

Exemption for Go.wls ex|>or T«*d so I(U* of Man. [See iaG.tJ. c. 7 § Jj

Exemption for G .<>ds exported to ffiitish Coloni« .Spirit* except L-Jj.

American Vef*-!* enterin' i'.rinlh Ports in.>nle-quence ol wjinin* exempt ("run 1 Tortiv^e

j. c. «*: . §17.

Savin.; for Privileges of tire ft", cid Dock (iompiuici. t '< {iunuanc« oi Duties.unlcii fuq/ctiicciy.

Act nav fti.peri.ifil i>y Order in Council.

Tills Act (Tall not prevent the Kitcrprulnln-.inj Exportation.

Duties in Table

<A. annexed to this Act mail b«s in lieu of Export Duties under 4»G. J. c.

& 122.

AppMratioa of

bui.u.

-Limitation of Actions.

Csneral I flue.

Treble Cofl*.

C.s6. 48" GEORGII III. A.D. 18C8.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, or of any Order in Council referred to in this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Three Calendar Months next after the Fad committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County or Place where the Cause of Complaint did arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and thelpecial Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, ot if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the lame as any Defendant had in other Cases to recover Cods by Law.

"Act may be amended, &c. §33. [See 48 Geo. 3. c. 71.]"

TABLES to which this Act refers.

TABLE (A.)

A TABLE of Duties of Customs, payable on the Exportation of certain Foreign Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, therein enumerated or described, not being imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies (which, or Importation, are allowed to be secured under the Regulations of the 43 Geo. III. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. and 46 Geo. III. cap. 137. without Payment of the Duties due thereon); and which shall be exported trom Gnat Brit jin; except as is provided in the Act to which this Table is annexed.

Arabic Gum. See Gum.

Barilla, the cwt.

Bark, viz. Jesuits* Bark, r Cortex Peruvianus, the lb. Bowsprits. See Mails, in Wood.

Brandy. See Spirits.

Buffalo Hides. See Hides.

Bull Hides. See Hides.

Cochineal, the lb.

Cocoa Nuts, the cwt.

Coffee, the cwt.

Cortex Peruvianus. See Bark.

Cotton Wool. See Wool.

Cotton Yarn. See Yarn.

Cow Hides. See Hides.

Currants, the cwt.

Denia Raisins. See Raisins.

Duty.

£. j. I

- o 10

- o 6

0

0

7 0

0 0

8 0

9 0

Faro Raisins. See Raisins.

Figs, the cwt. —

Fir Timber. See Timber, in Wood.

7 0

Geneva. See Spirits. Ginger, the cwt.

Gum, viz.

- Arabic, the cwt. --Senega, the cwt.

Hemp, rough or undressed, the cwt. —

Jdides, viz. Buffalo, Bull, Cow, or Ox Hides, not tanned, tawed, or in any way dressed, the hide

0

o

0

o

o

7

10

10

«5

I

0

0

0

0

0

Jalap, the lb.

Jesuits* Bark. See Bark.

Indigo, the lb.

Iron, in Bars, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.

0

2 0 0 0

Kelp, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.

0 0 Eexi*

A.D. 1808.

48a GEORGII III.

C. 26

343

TABLE (A.) — Continued. Duty.

I.rxia Raisins. Sec Raisins, Lipari Raisins, See Raisins. £. s.

Mahogany. See Wood.

Mad*. See Wood.

Metafiles, the cwt.

Oak Timber. Sec Timber, in Wood.

Oars. See Wood.

Oil, viz.

- ordinary Oil of Olives, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons

--Satad Oil, the Gallon -

Ox Hides. See Hides.

10 o 6

050

1010 o o 1 o

Pimento, the lb.

Pitch, the last, containing 12 Barrels, each Barrel not rvceeding 31^ Gallons —

Prize Goods, viz. Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, taken and condemned as Prize, not being of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any Country or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and not being particularly enumerated or charged with Duty in this Table, for every £100 of the Value thereof -

Prohibited Goods, viz. Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, not being of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any Country or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to The United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, for every £ico of the Vaiue thereof

Quicksilver, the lb.

Raifms, viz.

- Belvidere Raisins, the cwt.

- Denia Raisins, the cwt.

- Faro Raifms, the cwt.

- Lexia Raisins, the cwt.

- Lipari Raisins, the cwt.

- Smyrna Raifms, the cwt.

- of the Sun, the cwt.

- not otherwise enumerated or described, the cwt.

Raw Silk. See Silk.

Rhubarb, the lb.

Rice, the cwt.

Rosin, the cwt.

Rum. See Spirits.

SafTron, the lb.

Sallad Oil. See Oil.

Sena, the lb.

Silk, viz.

- Raw Silk, the lb.

- Thrown Silk, the lb.

- Waste Silk, the lb.

Smalts, the lb.

Smyrna Raisins. See Raisins.

Spirits, viz.

- Brandy, Cnglc, the Gallon -

- above Proof, the Gallon —

- Geneva tingle, the Gallon -

- above Proof, the Gallon —

o

4

- Rdm fmglc, the Gallon

above Proof, the Gallon

- of any other Kind, tingle* the Gallon

- above Proof, the Gallon

Yy

20 0 0

- O t 0

- O 4 6

- O 4 0

- 0 4 6

- O 4 6

- 0 4 6

- O 5 0

- O94

- O 4 0

- 0 2 0

"* — 0 2 0

O 0 9

- O 3 0

- 0 0 6

- O 2 6

- O 4 0

- O 0 6

O 0 6

- 0 0 8

- 0 j 4

- 0 0 8

- 0 1 4

- 0 0 8

- 0 1 4

- 0 0 8

- 0 1 4

Su l£ar,

Sugar, viz.

- Brown, or Muscovado* the civt.

- White, or Clayed, the cwt.

Tallow, the cwt.

Tar, the Last, containing 12 Barrels 5 each Barrel not exceeding 51f Gallons —

Timber. See Wood.

Tobacco, the lb.

Turpentine, common, the cwt.

Waste Silk. See Silk.

Wine of all Sorts, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons -

Wood, viz.

- Mahogany, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.

.. Mads, Yards, and Bowsprits, viz.

- Six Inches in Diameter, and under Eight Inches, the Piece —

Eight Inches in Diameter, and mder Twelve Inches, the Piece -

- Twelve Inches in Diameter, or upwards, the X>oad, containing 50 cubic Feet

- Oars, the 120 -

- Timber of all Sorts, the Load, containing 50 Cubic Feet —

Wool, viz. Cotton Wool, of all Sorts, the lb.

Yards. See Mads, irt Wood.

Yarn, viz. Cotton Yarn, the lb.

All other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, having been, or which are allowed to be secured under the Regulations of the 43 Geo. 3. can. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. and 46 Geo. 3.cap. 137. for every £100 of the Produce and Amount of the Duties of Customs, chargeable on the Importation thereof, by 43 Geo. 3. cap. 68.

For the several Exemptions from the Duties charged in this Table, whether relating to Goods exported, or to Countries or Places to which Goods shall be exported, fee the AA to which this] Table is annexed.

I

O 10 0 0 14 0

0 7 0

0 4 4

o 0 ii

036

0 0

1 0 0

o 5

0 10

7 2 0

1 7

o 0

020

40 0 o

TABLE (B.)

A TABLE of Duties of Cudoms payable on the Exportation of certain Foreign Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein enumerated or described (not being allowed to be secured under the Regulations of the 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. and 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. without Payment of the Duties due thereon) not having been imported by the Unite# Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and which shall be exported from Great Britain except as is provided in the Act to which this ^able is annexed.

Anchors, for every £100 of the Value Annotto, the cwt. —

Argol, the cwt. —

Adies, viz. Pot and Pearl Ashes, the cwt.

Duty.

c. /. a.

[0 0 0

284 0 5 0

o 10 0

Bark, viz. Oak Bark, the cwt. Barley. See Corn.

Beans. See Com.

Beef, salted, the cwt.

Beer or Bigg. See Com.

Bread or Biscuit, the cwt.

Butter, the cwt. —

o- 2 6

15

0

- 040

- I 00

Cables, the cwt

Cafiia Lignea, the lb; Cheese, the cwt. Cochineal Dull, the lb.

18 0

6 0

Copper,

Coppei

Cordaf

Corn,

?r, viz. Copper in Bricks, Rose Copper, Call Copper, and Copper in Plates, the cwt. ige, the cwt.

viz.

Wheat, the Quarter -

- Rye, the Quarter -

- Pease, the Quarter —

- Beans, the Quarter -

- Barley, the Quarter -

- Beer or Bigg, the Quarter -

- Oats, the Quarter -

- Wheat-meal and Flour, the cwt.

- Indian Com or Maize, the Quarter -

- Oatmeal, the Boll, containing i^olbs. avoirdupois, or I281bs. Scotch Troy

Fish, viz.

- Stock Fish, the 120 -

*--- not otherwise enumerated or described, the cwt.

Flax, rough or undressed, the cwt.

Flax Seed, or Linseed, See Seed.

Galls, the cwt.

Granilla, the lb.

Indian Com or Maize. See Corn.

Iron, viz. Pig Iron, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.

Ifinglass, the cwt.

Lemons, the 1000 -

Linseed. See Seed.

Madder, viz.

- Mull, the cwt.

- Root, the cwt.

- of any other Sort, the cwt.

Oak Bark. See Bark.

Oakum, the cwt.

Oatmeal. See Corn.

Oats. See Com.

Oils, viz. Seed Oil of all Sorts, the Tun, containing 252 Gallon* —

Oranges, the 1000 - — '- —

Pease. See Com.

Pig Iron. See Iron.

Pork, the cwt.

Prize Goods, viz. Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, taken and condemned as Prize, not being of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any Country or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to The United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and not being particularly enumerated or charged with Duty in this Table, for every j£joooof the Value thereof -

Rye. See Com.

Safflower, the cwt.

Salt, the Bushel, containing 56 lbs.

Saltpetre, the cwt.

Seed, viz. Linseed, or Flax Seed, the Bushel -

Seed Oil. See Oil.

Spamlh Wool. See Wool.

£0 x. d.2 0 0 0 18 O

Tow, the cwt. Valonia, the cwt.

10

5

5

S

5

5

5

5

5

5

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

026 040 o 15 o

o

5

I 10

5 o

o 1

O 12

o 10

*7

o

o

o

o

3

o

o

040

10 10 o

100

20

IOO 0 2 0 18 0 Ol6

- 050 Verdigris,

by

£. i.

0 0

0 1

5 0

0 10

Verdigris, viz.

- common, the lb. — — — o 0 6

- cryilallized, the lb. — — — 0 j 0

Wheat. See Coni.

Wheat-meal and Flour. See Corn.

Wool, viz. Spanish Wool, the cwt.

Yarn, viz. Raw Linen Yam made of Flax, the cwt.

For the several Exemptions from the Duties charged in this Table, whether relating to Goods exported, or to Countries or Places to which Goods shall be exported, fee the Act to which this Table is annexed.

TABLE (C.)

A TABLE of Duties of Customs payable on the Exportation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, being of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any Country or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, not having been imported by the said Company, and which shall be exported from Great Britain, except as is provided in the Act to which this Table is annexed.

Duty.

Annotto, the cwt.

Arabic Gum. See Gum.

Arrack. See Spirits.

Bandanna Handkerchiefs. See Handkerchiefs.

Barilla, the cwt.

Bark; viz. Jesuits* Bark, or Cortex Peruvianus, the lb.

Brandy. See Spirits.

Buffalo Hides. See Hides.

Bull Hides. See Hides.

Calicoes; viz.

- White, whether plain, flowered, or ditched, for every j£ioo of the Value

- Primed, painted, itained, or dyed, for every £ 100 of the Value —

Cassia Lignca, the lb.

China Ware, or Earthen Ware, for every £100 of the Value -

C innamon, the lb.

Cloves, the lb.

Cochineal, the lb.

- Drift, the lb.

Cocoa Nuts, the cwt.

Coffee, the cwt.

Copper; viz. Copper in Bricks, Rose Copper, Cad Copper, and Copper in Plates, the cwt. Cortex Peruvianus. See Jesuits* Bark in Bark.

Cotton Manufacturet, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every Eioooof the Value Cotton Wool. See Wool.

Cotton Yarn. See Yarn.

Cow Hides. See Hides.

Dimity; viz. Plain White Dimity, for every j£ioo of the Value —

EarthenWare. See China Ware.

Flax, rough or undressed, the cwt.

Ginger, the cwt.

£. u d.

400

080

060

25

25

o

25

0 0 0 0

1

1

2

0

0

6

0

6

3

7 3 0

8

0

25 0

0 10

1 5 0

070

GraoilU)

Granilla, the lb.

Gum; viz.

--Arabic, the cwt.

Gum Senega, the cwt, -

Handkerchiefs of Silk, printed, painted, Rained, or dyed, each -

Hemp, rough or undressed, or any other vegetable Substance of the Nature and Quality of undressed Hemp, and applicable to the fame Purposes, the cwt.

Hides, viz. Buffalo, Bull, Cow, or Ox Hides, not tanned, tawed, or in any way dressed, the Hide

Jesuits* Bark. See Bark.

Indigo, the lb.

Mace, the lb.

Madder Root, the cwt.

Manna, the lb.

Melasses, the cwt.

Mullins, plain, for every jCioo of the Value -

Nanquin Cloths, for every £ 100 of the Value -

Nutmegs, the lb.

Oil, viz.

- of Cinnamon, the oz.

- of Cloves, the oz, -

- of Mace, the oz.

- of Nutmegs, the oz.

Ox Hides. See Hidesr.

Pepper, the lb.

Prize Goods, viz. Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, taken and condemned as Prize, being of t Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any Country or place within the Limits of t Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to t East Indies, and not particularly enumerated or charged with Duty in this Tab for every £100 of the Value thereof -

Quicksilver, the lb.

Raw Silk. See Silk.

Rhubarb, the lb.

Rice, the cwt.

Rum. See Spirits.

Safflower, the cwt.

Saffron, the lb.

Saltpetre, the cwt.

Sena, the lb.

Senega Gum. See Gum.

Silk, viz.

- Handkerchiefs. Sec Handkerchiefs.

- Raw Silk, the lb.

- Walle Silk, the lb.

Spirits, viz.

- Arrack, Angle, the Gallon — — "

- double, the Gallon -

- Brandy, single, the Gallon -

double, the Gallon -

o

o

o

10

10

i.S

3

d. o

o

o

o

o

8

o

5

o

o

6

o

Rum, single, the Gallon

- double, the Gallon

of any other kind, Angle, the Gallon — double, the Gallon

Sugar, viz.

- Brown or Muscovado, the cwt.* — White or Clayed, the cwt.

- 25 0 0

0 0

- 0 5 0

- 0 2 0

- 0 2 0

- 0 5 0

- 0 4 0

£ re n 1 O 0 3

- ', 20 0 0

- O 1

- O 2 0

O 2 0

- I 7 0

O 3 0

- I 8 0

- 0 0 6

O 2 6

O 0 6

- O 1 0

O 2 0

O 0 8

O 1 4

O 0 8

- O 1 4

- 0 0 8

- O 1 4

- 0 10 0

- 0 0 Tea,

Tea, viz.

--Black, the lb.

--Green, the lb.

Tobacco, the lb.

£. j. d.

I o l 0 0 i\

Waite Silk. See Silk.

Wcol, viz. Cotton Wool, the lb.

Yarn, viz. Cotton Yarn, the lb.

Goods, Ware*, or Merchandize, not particularly enumerated or described in this Table, being prohibited to be worn, used, or consumed in Great Britain, for every j£ioo of the Value

All Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any Country or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, not particularly enumerated or described in this Table, and not having been imported by the said Company, for every j£ioo of the Produce and Amount of those Duties of Customs imposed by the 43d Geo. 3. cap. 68. on such Goods, Wares, or Merchandise respectively, when ini ported by the said Company, which are due and payable wlu; the same are taken out of the Warehouse, for the Purpose or being used or cc.Turned in Great Britain

For the several Exemptions from the Duties charged in this Table, whether relating to Goods exported, or to Countries or Places to which Goods shall be exported, fee the Act to which this Table is anuexed.

40

CAP. XXVII.

An Act to continue until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, an Act of the Forty-firit Year of His present Mr, jesty, ior prohibiting the Exportation from Ireland\ and for permitting the Importation into Inland, Duty free, of Corn and other Provisions.

[28th March 1808.]

" So much of 41 G. 3. c. 36. as enables the Lord Lieutenant to prohibit the Exportation of Provisions, &c. " (lad continued by 46 G. 3.^. 29. § loO further continued till March 25, i8c8, except so far as relate* to " the Exportation of Corn, Grain, or Flour to Great Britain. <j 1. Act may be altered or repealed thil" Session. §2."

48 G.3. C. 26.

Duties imposed according to Schedules (A.) and fB.) on Goods exported from Ireland.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, certain Duties on the Exportation from .Ireland of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein enumerated.

[14th April 1808.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS certain Duties have been imposed in Great Britain, by an Act of this Session of Parliament,

intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty until the End of the next Session of Parliament, Duties of Customs on the Goods, IV ares y and Merchandise therein enumerated, in furtherance of the Pray'fions of certain Orders in Council, audit is therefore expedient that corresponding Duties Should be granted upon certain Goodi ' expoited from Ireland; We, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom iri Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech Your Mn]edy that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority -of the fame, That from and after the passing of this Act, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, upon all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize enumerated or described in the Tables (A.) and (B.) annexed to this Act, exported from Ireland, the several Duties of Cudoms, as the same are respectively described and set forth in Figures in the said Tables.

Goods warehoused and taken out for Home Consumption, shall be liable to Duties on Exportation under this Act. §2. [ As $ 3 of 48 G. 3. c. 26.] Vessels having failed from certain Ports, before Times limited by " Orders of Council in Great Britain, may proceed from Ireland with their Cargo without paymei t ot said Export Duties. §3. [.S>r 48 G. 3. c. 26. §4.] Exemption for Goods (except Cotton Wool or Yarn, or Jehads' Bark) imported under Licence dated before Mi*. 11, 1807, and cleared out before said Periods and warehoused for Exportation. §4. Like Exemption for Goods imported from Free Ports in the West Indies 41 under Licence before 1 June, 1808. $ 5. Exemption for Goods imported from St, Domingo under Licence dated prior to 5 Feb. 1808. Goods imported under subsequent Licences liable to half Duties. 6, Duties on Prize Goods. §7. [SVe §5, 6, 7, 8 of 48 G. 3. $. 26.] Value of Goods paying Duty ad valorem, " shall be ascertained, &c. as under 46 G. 3. c. 87. §8. Goods detained as under valued, maybe reilored on the " Entry being amended. §9. [ As §11 of 48 G. 3. c. 26.] Importers may warehouse without Payment of u Import Duty, any Goods which by Law might be so warehoused, in cases of regular Importation. §10. '

1 " Goods

A.D. 1808.

C. 28

349

48° GEORGII III.

" Goods may be destroyed at Request of Owners. $11. [ As §16 of 48 G. 3. c. 26.] Warehoused Goods " shall be cleared within the Time required by Law: or shall be sold or re-exported, See.§ 12. Exemption from Duty " for Goods exported to Great Britain, and British Goods exported through Ireland\ $ 13. { See §18 of48 G. 3. u c. 26.] Exemption for Goods, the Produce of Countries in Amity. §14. Exemption for Goods of British u Colonies. §15. \_jis $ 19, 20 of 48 G, 3. c. 26.] Exemption for Wine, Spirits, and Tobacco for " Army and Navy. $ 16. [sfs §21 of 48 G. 3. c. 26.] Exemption for Goods exported to British Colonies u (except Spirits). §17. [y£r §2^ of 48 G. 3. c. 26.]"

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty at any Time by His Majesty or Order in Council, or for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, and the Privy Council of Ireland, to suspend the Operation of this Act as to any Duties, or any Proportion or Part of any fuf^nj Duties granted by this Act, in respect of any Country for the Time being in Amity with His Majesty, and to al'ow the Exportation to any such Country to in Amity with His Majesty as aforesaid, of any Goods, Wares, and Merchandize made subject by this Act to any Duties on Exportation, without the Payment of such Duties, upon such Terms and Conditions, and subject to such Reltriclions as to His Majesty may seem fit.

" T^his Ad shall not prevent the King from prohibiting Exportation. £ 19. £As $ 29 of 48 G. 3. c. 26.

" Duties under Management of Commissioners of Cudorns and Port Duties, and carried to Consolidated " Fund of Ireland. '.20. Duties shall be levied as other Duties of Custom. §21. Limitation of Actions»

" Three Months — General Issue — Treble Costs. §22. Act may be altered or repealed. §23. Continuance of " Duties till the End of the next Session of Parliament. §24."

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

DUTIES of CUSTOMS to be charged upon the Exportation from Ireland of the Foreign Goods, Wares, and Merchandize herein after enumerated and described, and which on Importation are or may by Law be allowed to be warehoused or iccured without Payment of Duties i (videlicet, )

Arabic Gum. See Gum.

Duty.

£. s. J.

Barilla, the cwt.

Bark, viz. Jesuits* Bark, or Cortex Peruvianus, the lb. Bowsprits. See Mads, iu Wood.

Brandy. Sec Spirits.

Buffalo Hides. See Hides.

Bull Hides. See Iiide»,

10 o 6 o

Cochineal, the lb. —

Cocoa Nuts, the cwt.

Coffee, the cwt. —

Cortex Peruvianus. Sec Bark. Cotton Wool. See Wool. Cotton Yarn. See Yarn.

Cow Hides. See Hides. Currants, the cwt. —

Dcnia Raisins. See Raisins.

7

o o

8 o

9 0

Faro Raisins. See Raisins.

Fig % the cwt. —

Fir Timber. See Timber, in Wood.

Geneva. See Spirits.

Ginger, the cwt. —

Gum, viz.

- Arabic, the cwt. —

- Senega, the cwt. —

7 ©

o

7 ©

- o 10 o

- o 10 o

Hemp, rough or undreded, the cwt. Hides, viz. BufFa'o, Bull, Cow, or Hide -

48 Geo. III.

Ox Hides, not tanned, tawed, or in any way dressed, the

15 0

3 0

Z z

Jalap,

Jalap, the lb. Jesuits* Bark.

See Bark.

0

Indigo, the lb.

Iron, in Bars, the Ton, containing 20 cwt. —

Kelp, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.

Lexia Raisins. See Raisins.

Lipari Raisins. See Raisins.

Mahogany. See Wood.

Manna, the lb.

Mads. See Wood.

Melasses, the cwt.

Oak Timber. See Timber, in Wood.

Oars. See Wood.

Oil, viz.

- ordinary Oil of Olives, the Ton, containing 252 Gallons

- Sallad Oil, the Gallon -

Ox Hides. See Hides.

s- d,

0 6

020

300

0

0 06

050

10 2 6

0 P Hi

Pimento, the lb.

Pitch, the Last, containing 12 Barrels, each Barrel not exceeding 31^ Gallons —

Prize Goods, viz. Goods, Wares, and Merchandize taken and condemned as Prize, not being of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any Country or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and not being particularly enumerated or charged with Duty in this Table, for every £ 100 of the Value thereof -

Prohibited Goods, viz. Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, not being of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any Country or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Coim>any of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, for every £100 of the Value thereof -

Quicksilver, the lb.

Raisins, viz.

- Belvidere Raisins, the cwt.

--Denia Raisins, the cwt.

--Faro Raisins, the cwt.

--Lexia Raisins, the cwt.

--Lipari Raisins, the cwt.

--Smyrna Raisins, the cwt.

--of the Sun, the cwt.

- not otherwise enumerated or described, the cwt.

Raw Silk. See Silk.

Rhubarb, the lb.

Rice, the cwt.

Rosin, the cwt.

Rum. See Spirits.

Salt, the Bushel of 56 lbs.

Saffron, the lb.

Sallad Oil. See Oil.

Sena, the lb- -

Silk, viz.

- Raw Silk, the lb.

- Thrown Silk, the lb.

--Wade Silk, the lb.

Smalts, the lb. —

Smyrna Raisins. See Raisins.

Spirits, viz.

- Brandy, single, the Gallon -

20

20 0 0

0 0

0 2 0

0 20

o 0 9

0 6

0 7l

Spirits,

SCHEDULE (A

Doty.

Spirits, continued.

- Brandy, above Proof, the Gallon

- Geneva, single, the Gallon

- above Proof, the Gallon

- Rum, single, the Gallon

> above Proof, the Gallon

- of any other Kind, single, the Gallon

- above Proof, the Gallon

Sugar, viz.

- Brown or Muscovado, thecwt.

- White or Clayed, the cwt.

Tallow, the cwt.

Tar, the Lad, containing ia Barrels, each Barrel not exceeding 31J Gallons —

Timber. See Wood.

Tobacco, the lb.

Turpentine, common, the cwt.

Waste Silk. See Silk.

Wine, of all Sorts, the Ton, containing 252 Gallons — - ____

Wood, viz.

- Mahogany, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.

--Mads, Yards, and Bowfprita, viz.

- Six Inches in Diameter, and under Eight Inches, the Piece —

- Eight Inches in Diameter, and under Twelve Inches, the Piece

- Twelve Inches in Diameter or upwards, the Load of 50 cubic Feet

- Oars, the x 20 -

- Timber of all Sorts, the Load of 50 Cubic Feet —

Wool, viz. Cotton Wool of all Sorts, the lb.

Yards. See Mads, in Wood.

Yam, viz. Cotton Yarn, the lb.

All other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, which are or may by Law be allowed to be warehoused or secured without Payment of the Duty on the fird Entry thereof, for every £ 100 of the Produce and Amount of the Duties chargeable by Law on the Importation thereof into Ireland -

For the several Exemptions from the Duties charged in this Table, whether relating to Goods exported, or to Countries or Places to which Goods shall be exported, fee the Act to which this! Table is annexed.

£. / d.

O I 3

0 O 75

O X 3

0 0 75

0 I 3

0 0 75

O I 3

0 10 0

04 0

0 7 0

0 4 4'

0 0 i5

0 3 6

5 13 0

X 0 0

0 5 0

0 10 0

X 7 0

2 0 0

X 7 0

O 0 9

O 2 0

40 0 0

SCHEDULE (B.)

DUTIES of CUSTOMS to be charged' on the Exportation from Ireland of the Foreign Goods, Wares, and Merchandize herein after enumerated or described, which on Importation are not allowed to be warehoused or secured, without Payment of Duty , (1videlicet, )

Anchors, for every jffioooof the value —

Annotto, the cwt.

Argol, thecwt.

Ames, viz. Pot and Pearl Ashes, the cwt.

Bark, viz. the cwt.

--Oak Bark, having been imported from America,

- from any other Place

Barley. See Com.

Beans. See Com.

Beef, (kited, the cwt. —

Beer or Bigg. See Com.

Bread or Bucuit, thecwt.

Duty.

£. /. d.

00 18 lo

4 I 2

0 6 7

0 x4 9

0 7 I*

0 6 x 1

0 14 6

- 0 410

Butter,

Butter, the cwt, - , "

Cables, the cwt.

Cassia Lignea, the lb.

Cheese, the cwt.

Cochineal Dull, the lb.

Copper, the cwt. viz.

--Copper Bricks, Rose Copper, and Cast Copper -

- in Plates -

Cordage, the cwt.

Corn, viz.

- Wheat, the Barrel -

- Rye, the Barrel -

--Pease, the Barrel - '

- Beans, the Barrel -

--Barley, the Barrel -

--Beer or Bigg, the Barrel -

--Oats, the Barrel -

- Indian Corn or Maize, the Barrel -

- Wheat-meal and Flour, the cwt.

--Oatmeal, the cwt.

Fish, viz.

--Stock Fish, the 120 -

- not otherwise enumerated or described, the cwt.

Flax, viz.

- rough or undressed, the cwt.

- Seed, or Lin feed. See Seed.

Galls, the cwt.

Granilla, the lb.

- Indian Corn or Maize. See Corn.

Iron, viz.

*--- Pig Iron, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.

Ifinglass, the cwt.

Lemons, the 1000 -

Lin feed. See Seed.

Madder, viz.

- Mull, the cwt.

- Root, the cwt.

- of any other Sort, the cwt.

Oak Bark. See Bark.

Oakum, the cwt.

Oatmeal. See Corn.

Oats. See Com.

Oil, viz. Seed Oil of all Sorts, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons —

Oranges, the 1000 -

Pease. See Corn.

Pig Iron. See Iron.

Pork, the cwt.

frize Goods, viz. Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, taken and condemned as Prize, not__________

the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any Country or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and not being particularly enumerated or charged with Duty in this Table, for every j£ioo of the Value -

L

I 0 9

I3 3

0 7 6

07 7

0 5 0

2 t J

2 8 5

I x4 3

0 6 0

0 3 9

0 3 0

0 3 0

0 3 0

0 3 0

0 3 0

0 3 0

0 5 0

0 4 0

0 5 7

0 4 0

0 lS 4

I 5 4

0 7 6

I 19 6

5 10 10

1 6 1

0 2 5

0 18 5

0 12 0

0 S f

J7 S 2

1911

0 »7 0

Safflower, the lb.

20

1 7 11

Saltpetre,

SCHEDULE (D.) —

Duty.

Saltpetre, thecwt.

Seed, viz. Linseed, or Flax Seed, the Bushel -

Spanish Wool. See Wool.

Tow, thecwt.

Valonia, the cwt.

Verdigris, viz.

- common, the lb. —

- cryflallized, the lb.

Wheat. See Corn.

Wheat-meal and Flour. See Com.

Wool, viz. Spanish Wool, the cwt.

Yarn, viz. Raw Linen Yarn made of Flax, the cwt.

For the several Exemptions from the Duties charged in this Table; whether relating to Goods exported, or to Countries or Places to which Goods shall be exported, fee the Act to which this Tabic is annexed.

1

o

/. d. 8 1

1 10

7 7

10 6

o 11 2

6 4

7 5

CAP. XXIX.

An Act to prohibit, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, the Exportation of Jesuits

Bark and Cotton Wool from Ireland.'[14th April i8c8.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to prohibit for a limited Time the Exportation of Jesuits Bark and Cotton Wool from Ireland except in the Manner herein after mentioned; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this pro lent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Person or Persons whatever shall, directly or indirectly, export, carry, or convey, or cause or procure to be exported, carried, or conveyed, out of or from any Port or Place in Irelandor shall lade or lay on board, or cause or procure to be laden or laid on hoard in any Ship or other Vessel or Boat, any Jesuits Bark or Cotton Wool in order to be carried, exported, or conveyed out of any such Port or Place, except to Great Britain, and also except as herein after is provided.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, with the Advice of the Privy Council of Ireland, by any Licence under his Hand, to authorize any Person to export from Ireland for his or their own Account, or for Account of any Subject or Subhfts of any State in Amity with His Majesty, any Jesuits Bark or Cotton Wool, under such Regulations Reftidions, and Securities, as may be specified in the said Licence.

III. Provided al .says, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to prohibit the Export .tion in any Ship or Vessel of War, belonging to His Majesty, or in any Transport Vessel in the Service of His Majesty, of any Jesuits Bark for the Use of His Majesty's Army or Navy, under such Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, or any Four or more of them, may direct.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or any Four or more of them, by Licence under their Hands, to permit the Exportation of Jesuits Bark for the use of the Crew or other Persons on board of any Ship or Vessel on which the same shall be laden, in such Quantities ^not exceeding One Pound Weight for every Five Men of the Crew or other Persons on board any such Ship or Vessel), and under such Regulations as the said Commissioners of Customs shall prescribe, any Thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Jesuits Bark and Cotton Wool which shall be exported, carried, or conveyed in or laid on board any Ship or other Vessel or Boat, in order to be exported, carried, or conveyed out of Ireland> contrary to this Act, shall be forfeited, and that every Offender therein shall forfeit also the sum of Forty Shillings for every Pound Weight of such Jesuits Bark or Cotton Wool which shall be so exported, carried, or conveyed, or so laden in or laid on board any Ship or other Vessel ot Boat, in order to be exported, carried, or conveyed out of Ireland; and also the Ship, Vessel, or Boat, wherein the same shall be exported, or in or upon which the same shall be laden or laid in order to be exported, together with her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, shall be forfeited, and the fame respectively may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs.

u Penalties shall be recovered and applied as other Penalties against Custom Laws in Ireland. $ 6. Actions "against Persons refusing to clear out Vessels, with Bark intended to be exported before passing this Act, 9t declared void, &c. §7. Act may be altered this Session. §8. Continuance of Act till end of next Session. $ 9.

[See also

(*; . a. c. m, 3 A for Great Britain.]

Jesuits Bark and

G>tton Wool ftudl not he exported from Ireland* except to (1 real Britain, &c.

Lord Lieutenant may authorized the Ex[H>r(ation to States in Amity.

Exportation of Jesuits Bark a)lowed for th* Supply of the Army and Navy,

and for the Use of C rews of Ships.

Jesuits Park and Cotton Wool exported contrary to this Act shall be forfeited, together with 4os. per lh. and the Ship, Xv.

48° GEORGII III.

A.D. 180H

0.30, 31.

*w» Aa,

33 G. 3. c. 32. -§ 13*

v^Tiips arriving in Ireland from the Kail Indies in pursuance of\\y Order in Council, shall proceed to London without hein" Uidilfe to Forfeiture cm account of having come to Ireland.

VoflVU arriving with Kail India Goods, not excelling One fourth of 1 he Cargo may unla<!e the Remainder, and transship the Kiul India Goods to LonCon.

Fad India Goods du'y hn ported into Ireland horn Great Britain, may he cxtwrted without Duty on Exportation.

45 G. 3. C. 42.

CAP. XXX.

An Act to amend an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Trade of Ireland to and from the East Indie*.

[14th April 1808.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for regulating the Trade of Ireland to and from the East Indies, under certain Conditions and 1 Provisions y for a Time therein mentioned, it is among other things enacted, that no Goods, Wares, or Mer-

chandizes of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture of the Countries or Ports within the Limits of the

exclusive Trade of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indiety shall be

permitted or allowed to be carried to or imported into or landed in Ireland, but such only as shall be laden and

shipped at the Port of London in British or Irish Ships: And whereas it may happen that Goods, Warn, 1 and Merchandize, the Growth, Product, or Manufacture of the Countries and Places aforesaid, may arrive at some Port or Place in Ireland, in pursuance or in consequence of certain Orders in Council relative to Trade and Navigation; and it is expedient that Provision should be made respectine the fame; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fan*, That in cAfe the Whole or any Part of the Cargo of any Vessel which shall arrive in any Port of Ireland, in pursuance or in consequence of any Order of His Majesty in Council, or of any Order by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors and the Privy Council of Ireland, shall consist of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatever, of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture of any Country or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indiety such Vessel shall forthwith be permitted to proceed and shall proceed to the Port of Londont and the raid Ship or Vessel, and the said Goods, Wares, and Merchandize shall be there dealt with according to Law; and such Ship or Vessel, or the Goods, Tackle or Furniture of the fame, or any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize laden therein, shall not be subject or liable to any Penalty or Forfeiture under the said recited Act of the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, on account of having come into such Port contrary to any of the Provisions in the said recited Act contained; any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the Collector, Comp, troller, or other proper Officer of any Port in Ireland, by the Report of any Vessel which shall arrive at such Port with any Cargo, Part whereof shall consist of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture of any Country or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indiety that such Gooas, Wares, and Merchandize do not exceed in Val e. One fourth Part of the whole Value of the Cargo of such Vessel, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the Owner, Consignee, or Captain of such Vessel, after giving such Security as shall be directed by the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland or any Four of them, for the due Conveyance of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize as aforesaid to the Port of Londonf to land the Cargo of nich Vessel at the Port of her Arrival, except such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture aforesaid, and either to cause such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize to be conveyed in the fame Ship to the Port of London, or to cause the same to be transshipped in order to be conveyed to the said Port, upon the said Security and under such Regulations and Restrictions for feeuring the conveying the same to the said Port as shall be directed by the said Commissioners of Customs and Port ^Duties; any Thing in the said recited Act of the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Growth, Product, or Manufacture of the Countries or Ports within the Limits of the exclusive Trade of the said Company, which shall have been imported into Ireland from Great Britain according to law, shall and may be exported from Ireland to any Port or Place whatsoever, without the Payment of any Duty on the Exportation thereof; any Thing in any Act or Acts in force in Ireland at the Time of such Exportation to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act: to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign for preventing the counterfeiting of certain Silver Toktns, to certain other Tokens, which may be issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, and to promote the Ci* culation of the said last mentioned Tokens.

[14th April 1808.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for preventing the counterfeit 4 tnS of certain Silver Coin issued by the Banks of England and Ireland respectively, to Silver Pieces which may be issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland called Tokens, and to promote the Circulation of the said Tokens, certain pains of Felony, and other Pains and Penalties, were imposed on any Person or Persons who should make, coin, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be made, coined, or counterfeited, or aft or assist in the making, coining, or counterfeiting the Tokens in the said Acts mentioned, or who should bnng 'into Ireland or into any Part of the United Kingdom, or should pass, or utter, or tender in Payment, or give in Exchange, or pay or put off any such counterfeit Token or Tokens, or should hare in hi*,

her,

A.D. 1808.

48° GEORGII III. C. 31, 32. 355

her, or their Custody, without lawful Excuse, any greater Number than Five of such false or counterfeit Token*: And whereas the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland are preparing and intend to issue in Ireland* for the Convenience of the Publick, a Quantity of Silver Piece* denominated Tobenj, of the common Standard of Spanish Pillar Dollars, containing on the obverse Side thereof an Impression of His Majesty's Head, and the following words and Figures, Georgius III. Dei Gratia Rex 1808 and on the reverie Side thereof an Impression representing Hibernia, with the Words or Figures "Bank Token,

XXX Pence Irish, ' each such Token containing in Weight Six-thirteenth Parts of the Common Weight of a Spanish Pillar Dollar: And whereas Tokens for Ten-pence and Five-pence have been issued by the Governor and Company of the said Bank of Ireland conformably to the Descriptions in the said recited Act with the Variation only of the Figures 1806 instead of 1805 : Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,

in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of Peivms eountrr-this Act if any Person or Persons shall make, coin, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be made, coined, or ceuann

counterfeited, or willingly aid or assist in the making, coining, or counterfeiting, any Piece of Metal refera-bling, or made with Intent to resemble or look like the said Tokens for Thirty-pence Irish> so as aforesaid Bank of Ireland, intended to be issued by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, or the said Tokens for Ten- or importing, or pence and Five-pence with the Figures 1806, or to pass as such, or to resemble or look like any of the said uttrring, or Tokens, or to pass as such 5 or if any Person or Persons shall bring into Ireland, or into any part of the ^av\"£., u T*leir United Kingdom, any such false or counterfeit Tokens, knowing the same to be false or counterfeited, to Countcrlcit^the Intent to utter the fame, within the said United Kingdom, or within any Dominions of the fame, or if ')'0v, ns, dial I be any Person or Persons shall utter or tender in payment, or give in Exchange, or pay or put off to any Person. subjcci to the or Persons any such false or counterfeited Token or Tokens knowing the same to be false or counterfeited; i'ains ot' J-Ykmv, or if any Person or Persons shall have in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, without lawful Excuse, (the pumftied it» Proof whereof shall lie on the Party accused, ) any greater Number than Five of any such false or counterfeited

Tokens; then and in any or either of the said Cases respectively, every such Person shall be subject and 4*g. 3. c. 42.

liable to such and the like Pains of Felony, and other Pains and Punishments respectively, and to such and the like Penalties and Forfeitures respectively, and shall be punished, proceeded again!, and dealt with in such

and the like manner respectively, as is mentioned and directed in and by the said recited Act of the Forty-fifth

Year of His Majesty8 Reign, as to Persons convicted of the like Offence respectively under the said recited Act in regard to the Tokens in the said recited Act mentioned, and as if the said Tokens for Thirty-pence in this Act mentioned, and the said Tokens for Ten-pence and Five-pence with the Figures 1806 thereon respedL

ively, had been mentioned and particularized in the said recited Act*

II. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Provisions, Regulations, and Directions, Clauses, powe, of said Matters, and Things in the said recited Act of the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign mentioned Act, 45 G. a. and contained, or referred to with respect to the making, coining, counterfeiting, bringing in, uttering, c. 42. ^tended t« tendering, giving in Exchange, paying, putting off, or possessing any counterfeit Token as in the said Act^lVr

is mentioned, shall and may be applied in the apprehending, securing, proceeding against, and punishing of Offenders under this Act, and in the Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures for Offences against this Act, and offenders, ek«. in the carrying this Act into Execution, and in relation to the said Tokens for Thirty-pence and the said Tokens for Ten-pence and Five-pence with the Figures 1806 thereon, in all respects whatsoever, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Powers, Provisions, Regulations, and Directions,

Chuses, Matters, and Things, were repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money which now are or shall become payable in Ireland Silver Thirty-for any Part of the Publick Revenue there, shall be accepted by the Collectors, Receivers, and other Officers penny Tokens tu of the Revenue authorized to receive the same, in the said Silver Tokens for Thirty-pence each, which shall>°, aken in Pay*-be issued during the Continuance of the Restriction on Payments in Cash by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland\ if offered so to be paid; and that the said Governor and Company may, whenever the cnuc*

said Restriction shall be removed, charge to the Account of the Teller of the Exchequer all such of the said Tokens of Thirty-pence each, issued during the Continuance of the said Restriction, as may be received by the said Governor and Company in Payment or otherwise before or after such Removal.

Act may be altered or repealed this Session. $ 4."

CAP. XXXII.

An Act to permit certain Goods imported into Ireland to be warehoused or secured, f without the Duties due on the Importation thereof being first paid.

ti4*h April 1808.]

WHEREAS it would greatly tend to the Encouragement of the Trade and Commerce of Ireland, and to the Accommodation of Merchants and others, if certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize were

permitted to be entered and landed and properly secured in the Port of Dublin, and in certain other Ports in

Ireland, without Payment, at the Time of the First Entry of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, of the Duties due on the Importation thereof, under such Conditions, Regulations, and Restriction* a* are herein-

after provided; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enadledand be it enacted by the King*! most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Common*, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful for the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietor*, Consignee or Consignee of any of the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize enumerated and described in the Schedule hereunto annexed, marked (A.) and which shall be legally imported and brought into the Port of Dublin, or into any Port in Ireland into which Tobacco may by Law be imported, to lodge and secure the fame in His Majesty*

Warehouse*, or in any Warehouse or Warehouses situated in the said Port of Dublin* or in any such Port a*

1 by

Good* in Schedule (A.) may be imported into Dublin, or any Tobacco port in Ireland, and warehoused without Payt&fB of Duty,

A.D. 1808.

356

Fur*V CjOn.ls speased in Table (B.j may be Ian del and Diitiea secured nBond.

Irish Treasury l«: ty extend Pmvisions of this A'-1 to r»oods not enumerated.

Importers shall

S' ve Bond to pay uties, or ex-

port the Goods within 12 months, &c»

I,wb of Tm citation and Exportation shall not he afforded by this A el.

Goods hrured tinder this Act frail be repularly enti red and Billed.

A« fount shall be taken at landing, and the ( imteiils maibed on the Packages.

Good* h*enred wider the Act may be delivered b r Exportation wi'bottr Payment t>f Duty; on Bond to exf* ft the fame in due Manner.

C. 32. 48° GEORGII III.

aforesaid, under the joint Locks of the Crown and the Merchants, without Payment, at the Time of the First Entry of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the Duties due on the Importation thereof; subject nevertheless to the Rules, Regulations and Restrictions directed by this Act; Provided always, that the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, or any Four or more of them, shall first certify under their Hands to the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury of Ireland, for the Time being, the Number and Situation of such Warehouses, and that in their Judgment they are in every respect fit and proper for the Reception of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, wherein the fame may be safely and {ecurely depofked.

II.*And whereas from the Bulk of certain Articles, or from other Circumstances, such Articles cannot be*conveniently lodged and secured in Warehouses; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Conliguee or Coiffignees of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize enumerated or described in the Table hereunto annexed, marked (B.) which shall be legally imported or brought into the said Port of Dublin, or into any Port in Ireland into which Tobacco may by Law be imported, to land any such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, without Payment, at the Time of the First Entry thereof, of the Duties due on the Importation thereof; and such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize may be lodged or secured at or in such Places, and under such Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or any Four or more of them, shall from Time to Time order, approve, and direfr.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or the Commissionert of His Majesty's Treasury of Ireland for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, shall deem it expedient that the Provisions of this Act shall be extended to any Goods, Wares, and Merchandize not enumerated or described in either of the Tables to this Act annexed, and shall causea Lift of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize to be published in The Dublin Gazette, then and from thenceforth all and every the Provisions, Regulations, and Rellri£tions of this Act shall extend or be construed to extend to such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize in every' respect, in as full and ample a Manner as if the fame had beeninferted and enumerated in the said Tables respectively at the Time of the passing of this Act.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, that every' Importer, Proprietor, or Consignee of any Goods, Wares, and Merchandize which may be landed under th s Act at the Port of Dublin, or any other Port in Ireland, without Payment of Duty at the Time of the First Entry thereof, dial enter into Bond to His Majesty, His Heirs and successors, in double the Amount of the full Duties due and payable on the Importation of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, with Condition that such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize shall be either duly exported within the Time or Times prescribed by Law, or that the full Duties due and payable on such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize shall be duly paid within the Space of Twelve Months from the Date of the First Entry of such Goods, or within the Time now required by Law as to such Goods as may be warehoused in Ireland by any Act or Acts in force at the Time of passing of this Act; and the said Bond shall be so entered into within Forty-eight Hours after the Port Surveyor and Land Waiter or other proper Officer shall have ascertained the Quantity and Quality of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize so to be bonded.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to permit or allow any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatever to be imported into or exported from Ireland, or to be entered or landed in any Way or Manner contrary to any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland on or immediately before the passing of this Act.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That before any Goods, "Wares, or Merchandize shall be lodged in Warehouses, or otherwise secured according to the Directions of this Act, the same shall be entered with the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, either by a bonded Entry or by a Bill of View, and landed according to Law; and the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs shall on such Landing, or as soon after as conveniently may be, examine the fame, and take a particular and correct Account of the Quantity, Quality, Species, Number, and Contents thereof, which Account shall be regularly entered in a Book or Books to be provided and kept for that Purpose, and the Contents shall also be marked by or under the Direction and Inspection of the said Officer or Officers in dillind and legible Characters on each and every Package, in all Cases where the same shall be pradicable, in such Manner as the Commissioners of the Customs and Port Duties in Ireland shall from Time to Time think proper to direct; and no Allowance cither for Damage or on any other Account whatever shall he made on any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, unless the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees, at the Time such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize are first examined as aforesaid, shall claim or demand the Allowance to which by Law they may be entitled.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Goods, Wares, or Merchandize which shall have been lodged in any Warehouse or Warehouses, or otherwise secured according to the Directions of this Act, shall he delivered from or taken out of any such Warehouse or Place, but upon the following Conditions; (that is to say) if any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall be intended to be delivered or taken from thence respectively for Exportation, either to Great Britain or to Foreign Parts, the Proprietor or Proprietors, or Exporter or Exporters, of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize may so take the fame for Exportation, without Payment of the Duty due on the Importation of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize respectively; Provided such Proprietor or Proprietors, or Exporter or Exporters, shall, before any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize are so delivered or tnk^n for Exportation, make a due Entry thereof with the proper Officer or Officers of Customs, and shall also pay and satisfy all Export Duties which may be payable on such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize as are intended to be exported to Foreign Parts, and shall, together with the Mailer or other Per lb 11 having or taking Charge of the Ship or Vessel in which such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize are intended to be exported, and One other sufficient Security to be approved of by the Collector or other Chief Officer at the Port of Exportation, enter into Bond for the due Exportation thereof in like Manner as is

reared

A.D. 1808.

48° GEORGII III.

C. 32. 357

out fur ll< me Conluiuption.

required by Law with respect to Goods, Wares, and Merchandize exported from Ireland to Great Britain^ or to Foreign Parts respectively, on which any Drawback is due and payable, and which Bond shall be discharged and cancelled in the same Manner and under the fame Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions respectively as Bonds given on the Exportation to Great Britain or to Foreign Parts respectively of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize on which any such Drawback is payable, may by Law be discharged and cancelled: And if any Duties payable such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, so warehoused or othqrwife secured as aforesaid, shall be intended to be on such Goods taken from the XVarchouse or Place wherein the fame may have been so lodged or secured, to be used and con- ^henidehmed fumed in Ireland, the Person or Persons so intending to take out the fame flrall first pay down hi ready Money, to the Collector or other proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, the full Duties due and payable upon the Importation of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize respectively into Ireland at the Time the same shall be so taken out or taken away for the Purpose of being so used or consumed, according to the Accou.it taken thereof at the First Examination of the Officer or Officers of the Customs, without any Deduction or Abatement whatever on Account of any Deficiency arising from Wade or from any other Cause of what Nature soever the fame may be, except as is by this or any other Act specially provided: Provided always, that when by reason of any Effeif produced by Weather or in consequence of the Time during which such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize may have been so warehoused or secured, the same shall not correspond in Weight or Quantity with the First Account taken as aforesaid, but shall have increased in Weight or Quantity, such Increase shall not subject the same to any Forfeiture, but the full Duties of Customs payable on such Excefa of Weight beyond such First Account shall be charged and paid, together with the other Duties according to such First Account so taken as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time the Quantity of any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize Duryftiallb* warehoused or secured under this Act, which shall have been duly delivered for Home Consumption, added to paid for the Quantity of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize respectively which shall have been duly exported, and Dcficicacic*.

also to the Quantity remaining so warehoused or secured (if any so remain) (half fall ffiort or he deficient of the

actual Quantity ascertained and taken account of at the Time of the Importation or First Entry or Landing

thereof, then and in such Case the Importer or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize respectively shall be subject and liable to the Whole of the Duties for or in respect of the Quantity so deficient as aforesaid,

and shall pay and satisfy the fame before the Bond given or entered into on the warehousing or securing of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize shall be delivered up or cancelled, and before any of the Goods, Wares,

or Merchandize so warehoused or secured then remaining shall be permitted to be taken out either for

Exportation or for Home Consumption; and all such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize so remaining shall be subject to the Duties so deficient, and shall and may be sold for Payment of the fame and of Warehouse Rent

and other Charges upon the Expiration of the Time conditioned for exporting the fame or paying the Duties

thereon.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, warehoused or otherwise secured Good* Ocurrd

under the Authority of this Act, shall be embezzled or fraudulently or clandestinely hid or concealed in, or uu<u*r this A<^, fraudulently or clandestinely removed from or out of any Warehouse or Place wherein the lame shall have been

so lodged or secured, all such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize so embezzled or fraudulently or clandestinely rt.m(AC.(^ !h; iu hid or concealed or removed, together with the Packages containing the fame, shall be forfeited, and shall and b<- m

may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise; and the Person or Persons so embezzling, if unU* fully

hiding, concealing, or removing the fame, or aiding or affiiling therein, or to whose Hands or Possession the kndvd.

fame shall come, known g the same to have been so embezzled or fraudulently or clandestinely hid or concealed or removed, shall be subject and liable to the like Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Punishments, as if such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize had been fraudulently unshipped or lauded without Payment of Duty, and also to forfeit a Sum equal in Amount to treble the Duty payable on such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Goods, Wares, or Merchandize secured in Warehouses and Places under the Authority of this A£\, shall be flowed away, placed, and deposited in the said Warehouses and Places in such Manner as that caly and convenient Access may be had to every Cask, Case, Bag, Box, or other Package, for the Purpose of examining and taking a true Account of the Contents thereof; and if the Owner or Proprietor or Person who shall have entered any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or who shall have the Care of the Merchant's Lock, being one of the joint Locks under which the same are warehoused, or any Warehouse-keeper or Agent of such Owner, Proprietor, or other Person, shall omit, neglecf, or refuse so to (low away, place, and deposit the fame, or cause the same to be so ilowed away, placed, or deposited, as hereby directed, at his or their own Charge and Expence, he or they shall for every such Omission,

Neglect, or Rtfufal as aforesaid, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in Case any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, warehoused or otherwise Provitfon .-»stp secured in pursuance of this Act, shall be destroyed or damaged by Fire, it shall not be lawful for the Importer HnK'i'", n« vl or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees of any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize,

or for any other Person or Persons whatever, to claim or demand, or to maintain any Action or Suit, on any '

Account whatever, against His Majesty or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs and Port Duties, or the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any Officer of the Customs of Excise, or other Person employed by the said Commissioners respectively, for any Compensation for or on account or by reason of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize having been destroyed by Fire as aforesaid; and no Duty of Customs or Excise whatever shall be demanded or paid for any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize so destroyed as aforesaid:

Provided always, that no such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize so destroyed by Fire in any Store or Warehouse rot provided or creeled at the Charge of the Crown, nor the Proprietor or Consignee thereof, shall be exempt from the Payment of the Duties thereon, unless every Fireplace or Stove in the Warehouses or Buildings in which the lame shall be deposited shall be bricked up or destroyed, and such Warehouses and Buildings shall E all other refye&s be rendered secure from Fire to the Satisfaction of the Collector and Comptroller of the

48 Geo. III. 3 A by fe^egle

All warehouM shall be stored so is to Ac 'els to the l'acko"»ft.

A.D. 1808.

358

Warehouse Rent shall Ue paid by Importer, »xc.

Goods shall be taken out of W areiioufe in tluiir original Package Wine, &c.

Repacking Coffee and Cocoa Nuts for Kx|>ortati(/U.

Delivery of

Goods imj>orted in Bulk.

On shipping warehoused Goc«U for Eqxirtation, a (.'crtifieate shall be granted in diudiarge of Importer's Account.

Warehoused Ocx'ds, if not rieared out within I 3 Moi'tits, dull be sold for rintent of Duties; or if not fudicient, shall be destroyed.

.32. 48" GEORGII III.

Customs or Port Surveyor, or the Storekeeper or his Deputy at the Port where such Goods, Wares, and

Merchandize shall be so warehoused or secured, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and that in Case any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize so warehoused by virtue of this Act shall be damaged by Fire, or if warehoused in any Store provided at the Charge of the Crown, shall be damaged by Wet or aiy Casualty, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners or any Four of them, with the Approbation of the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Tr asur'r in Ireland, to make Abatement in the Duties chargeable thereon, proportioned to the Diminution of the Value of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize arising from such Damage: Provided always, that io all Cases wherein any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize are by this Act permitted to be lodged in Warehouses, or otherwise secured, the Expence of Warehouse Rent, and all other Charges, shall be paid by the Importer, Proprietor, or Consignee of any such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize; and in case it shall be deemed expedient that any Warehouse or Warehouses should be provided or erected at the Charge of the Crown for the Purpose of securing therein any of the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize enumerated or described in the Schedule hereunto annexed, marked (A.), the Importer, Proprietor, or Consignee of any such Goods, Wares, of Merchandize shall pay, to the Persons who may be appointed by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Custom* and Port Duties in Ireland, to receive the same, Warehouse Rent for such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, to be estimated according to the ufiuil Rate of such Rent for the like Articles paid at the Port of Importation, and such Estimate shall be made, and the Rate of Payment fixed accordingly by the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of Ireland for the Time being, or any Three or more of them.

XII. And be it further enacted, That no Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall be delivered out of or taken from any Warehouse or Place in which the same shall have been lodged or secured by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, other than in the Packages in which the same shall have been originally or respectively imported, or in one entire Quantity equal thereto and contained in a similar Package, nor shall any Wine, Brandy, Rum, Geneva, Spirits, or Aqua Vitae be so taken out for Exportation in any less Quantity than One entire Cask, of in such fixed Casks in which such Wine or Spirits may be legally imported or exported: Provided always, that no Alteration of any Vessels or Packages shall take place in any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize warehoused or secured under this Act without the Approbation of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or any Four of them: Provided always, that it shall be lawful under the Inspection of the proper Officer of Customs to repack for Exportation only Coffee or Cocoa Nuts in any other Sort of Package than that in which the fame was originally imported, provided the Quantity contained in such Re-package be not Ids than Four hundred Weight.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, the Duties on which shall have been secured by Bond, and which shall have been imported in Bulk, shall be delivered, except in the whole Quantity for which such Bond shall have been given, or a Quantity not less than One Ton Weight, unless by special Leave of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, or any Four or more of them, such Leave to be had and obtained previous to such Delivery.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That on the shipping for Exportation of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize which shall have been warehoused or otherw ife lodged or secured according to the Directions of this Act, the Officer of the Customs who shall have attended the Shipment thereof shall after due Examination thereof give without Fee or Reward to the Exporter of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or his Agent, a full and correct Certificate, which shall be first examined and countersigned by the Port Surveyor, specifying the Quantity, Quality, and Species of the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize so shipped; which Certificate shall afterwards be delivered to such Officer or other Person as the said Commissioners of the Customs and Port Duties in Ireland shall think proper to direct, in order that the fame may be entered in a Book or Books to be provided for the Purpose of keeping such Accounts, as the said Commissioners may think necessary and proper, with the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize warehoused or otherwise secured according to the Directions of this Act, which Certificate, so far as the fame will apply, shall go in discharge of the Bond given by any such Importer, Proprietor, or Consignee rclpcCtively, for the Payment of the Duties of Customs on such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize which shall have been lodged in any Warehouse or Warehouses to be provided according to the Directions of this Act, or which shall have been otherwise secured in Manner directed by this Act, shall within Fifteen Calendar Months to be computed from the Day on which such Importers, Proprietors, or Consignees of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall have made their First Entry thereof, or in respect to any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize which may be warehoused on Importation, without Payment of Duty by any Law or Laws now in force, within such Time as is now required by Law, lor the fame respectively, clear and take out of such Warehouses or Places respectively, either for Exportation according to the Directions of this Act, or to be consumed in Ireland, all such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize; and rn cate such Importers, Proprietors, or Consignees shall fail or neglect so to do, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties to cause all such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize to be publickly fold or exposed to Sale, and after such Sale the Produce thereof shall in the first Place be applied to or towards the Payment of the Freight, if any such shall be due, and Notice thereof shall have been given at the Time of Importation to the Collector of the Port, and Affidavit made at the Time of Sale, that such Freight then remained due; in the next Place in Payment of Primage and Charges of Warehouse Rent and other Charges that shall arise thereon; in the next Place in Payment of the Duties due thereon; and the Overplus (if any) shall be paid to the Proprietor or other Persons authorized to receive the same, provided that no such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be sold, unless a Price can be obtained for the lame, equal at lcail to the full Amount of all Duties charged and chargeable thereon, together with the Amount of Warehouse

2 OOQ I Rvut

A.D. 1808.

359

48° GEORGII III. C. 32.

Rent ard other the Expenses thereon; but if such Price cannot be obtained, then and in such Case all such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall be effectually destroyed by and in the Presence of the Collector or Chief Officer of the Customs at the Port, who is and are hereby respectively authorized and required to see the fame destroyed accordingly; and the Proprietor or Owner of any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall have no Claim either in Law or Equity to the Value of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or any Part thereof so destroyed as aforesaid; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the several Rules, Regulations, Reitrielions, Powers, Provisions, Provisions of Clauses, Matters, and Things contained in any Act or Acts in force in Ireland at or immediately before the former ware-passing of this Act, whether relating to the Importation or Exportation of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize,

or to the Duties payable on the Importation thereof, or to the collecting or securing those Duties, or to the J)ja]) noJ"|ie permitting any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize to be warehoused without Payment of Duties, and which are affected l>y mi* not expressly repealed, revoked, altered or controuled by this present Act, shall be and remain and continue Act. in as full Force and Effect as if this Act had not been made; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that such Goods as may be warehoused by virtue of any Act in force in Ireland immediately before the passing of this Act with respect to such Goods, may continue to be warehoused under the Provisions of such Acts; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted, that no Holidays whatever shall be permitted or allowed to be kept by No Holiday*

any Officer of His Majesty's Customs in Ireland, for or in respect of any Act, Matter, or Things to be done cTir llmk^ JJay* by any such Officer in pursuance of this Act, and for the carrying the fame into Execution, except Sundays,

Chrijhiias Day, and Good Friday, and any Days which shall be appointed by Proclamation for a General Fall

or Thanksgiving, and also the Anniverlarics of the Relloration of King Charles the Second, and of the Coronation of His Majesty, and the Birthdays of Their Majesties and of His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales; but that all Business relating to His Majesty's Revenue shall be carried on under this Act upon all Holidays, except as before excepted, in the same Manner as upon other Days in the Year; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Importer or Proprietor of any Importer or such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize at any Time in the Presence of the proper Officer to take a Sample Proprietor may thereof: Provided always, that out of each Calk of any Kind of Spirits or Wine not more than Half a Pint, td^e Sample*, and out of every Calk or other Package of Coffee or Cocoa Nuts not more than Two Ounces shall be taken:

Provided also, that no more than Two Samples shall be taken out of the fame Calk or Package, save and except where the former Sample shall have been returned.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That every Importer or Proprietor who may have Occasion or be defirotis Good* maybe

to inspect or examine any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize to him belonging, which shall have been warehoused

under this Act, shall, upon giving Four Hours Notice in Writing to the proper Officer of Customs, be per- fn, m Time mitted by such Officer with the Concurrence and in the Presence of such Officer, to enter into and remain in Time.

such Warehouse or Warehouses so long as shall be necessary, during the legal Hours of Business, for the Purpose of inspecting or examining such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or for making such lawful Alterations therein or Arrangements thereof as may be necessary either for the Preservation and Security thereof, or in order to the Sale or legal Disposal of the fame respectively: Provided always, that no such Alterations or Arrangements shall be made which may in any respect tend to lessen His Majesty's Duties or to impede or obstruct or otherwise embarrass the Officers in taking and keeping a true Account thereof; and that the Entry and Continuance of ever)' such Importer and Proprietor into such Warehouses, and the Inspection ind Examination of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, shall be subject to and governed by such Pules,

Regulations, and Restrictions in all Respects as the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties frail from Time to Time make, order, and direct, with respect to such Entry, Continuance, Examination, and Inspection, or any of them.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures infixed by this Rev.-ry nml

Ad shall be paid and recovered in British Currency, and shall and may be filed for and recovered, levied and jV) applied in such Manner and Form, and by such Ways and Means, and with such Powers and Authorities as UUihlc5'

are prescribed, directed, and appointed in and by an Act of Parliament made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and

Fifteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for f tiling of the l-i, isC. 2. c.s.

Excise or new Impojl upon His Majesty, His Heirs and Sure effort, according to the Book of Rates therein

inierted, or in and by an Act passed in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act 46 G. 3. c. 106.

to provide for the better Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters, and Things under the

Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and

Taxes in Ireland, or in or by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to the said Revenues, Matters,

and Things, or either of them; as fully and effectually to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes as if the fame were particularly mentioned and expressed and re-enacted in this Act, with the like Remedy of Appeal

to and for the Party and Parties, who shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said Acts, orany of them is provided and enacted.

Act may be altered or repealed this Session, j 21, "

360

f»5Ve 48 C. 0# e. '29. as t9 Ireland]

Jesuits'Bark shall not be ex|>orted frf*m Great Britain except to Ireland, Ike.

His Majesty may authorize the Fot}rt>rtation tr> States in Amity.

C. 32, 33. 48° GEORGII III. A.D. 1808.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

ARTICLES allowed to be warehoused

Almonds of all Sorts*

Anchovies.

Annifecds.

Balsam Capiva.

Barilla.

Bees Wax.

Brandy and other Spirits*

Briflics undressed.

Cantharides.

Carpets, Turkey.

Chip Hats.

Clover Seed.

Cochineal.

Cocoa Nuts.

Coffee.

Cotton Yarn.

Cotton Wool.

Currants.

Elephants Teeth.

Feathers for Beds.

Figs.

Ginger.

Ginleng.

Gum Arabic.

- Senega.

Flides and Skin&>

Indigo.

Jalap.

Jesuits' Bark.

without the Duties due on the Importation thereof being first paid.

Juniper Berries.

Linen, plain, of all Sorts, (except Sail Cloth.) Manna.

Molasses.

Mohair Yarn.

Oils, viz.

- Whale Oil and other Fish Oil, and Whale Fint.

- of Olives.

- Palm.

--Sallad.

- of Turpentine.

Opium.

Pimento.

Prunes.

Quicksilver.

Raisins of all Sorts.

Rhubarb.

Rice.

Rum.

Saffron.

Senna.

Silk, Raw.

--Thrown.

- Wade.

Smalts.

Straw Hats.

Sugar.

Tobacco.

Wine.

SCHEDULE (B.)

ARTICLES which may be secured in Places to be approved of: without the Duties due on the

Importation thereof being first paid.

Brimflone.

Cork.

Hemp undressed.

Iron in Bars.

Kelp.

Mahogany.

Pitch.

Rosin.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act to prohibit, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, the Exportation of Jesuits' Bark from Great Britain.

[14th April 1808.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to prohibit for a limited Time the Exportation of Jesuits' Bark from Great Britain, except in the Manner herein after mentioned; be it therefore enacted by the King's rcoft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in tins present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Person or Persons whatever shall, directly or indirectly export, carry, or convey, or cause or procure to be exported, carried, or conveyed, out of or from any Port or Place in Great Britain, or shall load or lay on board, or cause or procure to be laden or laid on board in any Ship or other Vessel or Boat, any Jesuits> Bark, in order to be carried, exported, or conveyed out of any such Port or Place, except to ln!ant!7 and also except as herein after is provided.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Licence under his Royal Sign Manual, to authorize any Person to export from Great Britain for his or their own Account, or for Account of any Subject or Subjects of any State in Amity with His Majesty, any Mints' Bark, under such Regulations, Reilriiftions, and Securities as may be specified in the said Licence.

Exportation

ulflVco#

T allow. Tar. Timber. Tow.

Turpentine.

Wood.

A.D. 1808.

361

48° GEORGII IH. C. 33 — -37.

'Exportation mar be allowed for the Supply of the Army and Navy. $ 3; and for the Use of Crews of

" Ships. ^4. Bark exported contrary to this Act forfeited: with 40/- per lb. weight and the Vessel, &c. §3. 'Penalties shall be recovered and applied as other penalties agaiull Cultorn Laws. §6. Actions against Persons having refused to clear Vessels laden with Burk, intended to be exported before passing this Act declared void.*§ 7* Act may be altered this Session. §8. Continuance of this Act till End of next Session. §7."

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act to prohibit, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, the Exportation of Cotton Wool from Great Britain.

[14th April 1808.] c*29*

'Cotton Wool shall not be exported, except to Ireland, or under the provisions of this Act. $ 1. His Majesty may allow Exportation to States in Amity. §2 Cotton Wool exported contrary to this Act " shall be forfeited: with a Penalty of 40 s.per lb, weight, and the Vessel, &c. §3. [See 5 1, 2, 3 of 48 G. 3.

'r.29. & r.33.]"

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained Thall extend to prevent Cotton Woor any Cotton Wool being carried Coaflwifo, upon any Certificate which shall be directed to be given by the Com- ma?, e missioners of the Customs in that Behalf. CcwiUUe.

"Penalties shall be recovered and applied, as other penalties against Custom Laws. §3. Actions against Per-4t fons refusing to clear Vessels laden with Cotton Wool intended to be exported before the passing of this Act " declared void. §6. Act may be altered this Session. $ 7. Continuance of this Act until End of next Session. §8."

CAP. XXXV.

An Act for imposing, until the End of the next Session of Parliament a Duty on Cotton Wool, the Growth of the British Colonies, exported from Great Britain.

[14th April 1808.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray Your Majesty's Publick Expences, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty, a Duty upon Cotton Wool of the Growth or Produce of any of His Majesty's Colonies, Settlements, or Plantations,

'exported from Great Britain; and do therefore most humbly be leech Your Majesty that it may be enacted j*

and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Dutrot od.

Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, upon all Cotton Wool, the Growth or Produce of any British Colony, p*r lb.' shall be

Settlement, or Plantation, exported from Great Britain to any Port or Place except to Ireland, a Duty of paid on Export*

Nine-pence for every Pound Weight of such Cotton Wool, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

"Said Duty shall be managed as other Duties of Customs. §2. Said Duty shall be under the Management of the iireain: except " Commissioners of Customs. §3. And shall be paid into the Exchequer. §4. Limitation of Actions Three tolrclaad.

" Months — General Issue — Treble Costs. §5. Act may be altered this Session. §6. Continuance of Act till "Endof next Session. §7.*

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act for further continuing until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, an Act of the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for altering and amending several Laws relating to the Duties of Excise upon Malt.

[14th April 1808.]

"46 G. 3. c. 139. (continued by 47 G. $.Jl. 2. c. 37.) further continued to 24th June 1809. [$^48 Geo. 3*. Hc. 74. a permanent Act.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act for making valid certain Orders in Council, and Warrants of the Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Entry and Warehousing of certain Goods imported in Neutral Veil'ds, and for indemnifying all Persons concerned therein \ for the remitting of Forfeitures in certain Cases; and for enabling His Majesty to allow, during the Continuance of Hostilities, and until Two Months after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, the Importation of Goods from Countries from which the British Flag is excluded, in any Vessels whatever.

[14th April 1808.]

WHEREAS several Neutral Vessels, bound to Ports on the Continent of Europe from which the British Flag has been excluded, have arrived in the Ports of the United Kingdom, having been warned or brought into such Ports in consequence of His Majesty's Orders in Council for that Purpose, and Parts of the ' Cargoes of such Vessels have been admitted to Entry for Home Consumption, or warehoused for Exportation; and other Parts of such Cargoes, con lilting of Goods the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Countries 'within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to tive 1 East Indies, not imported by the said Company, have been warehoused for Exportation only: And whereas, I9 in consequence of the late Events in Portugal, Wine and other Commodities have been brought from the Dominions of the Crown of Portugal in Vessels not owned and navigated according to Law, and have been

r 4 admitted

H'n Majesty, S: c.

mpowrrffi during Hostilities &e. to permit Hoods to be imported in any Vessels from any Port from which the Ilrinlh Flag is excluded.

Goods fraudulently conveyed>n Shore flail We icaed.

Pc jr.dty on coumcrieiting Certificates, &c. Felony without tkri>

0.37, 38, 39. .48° GEORGII III. A.D. 1808.

admitted to Entry or tvarehoused in the same Manner, and subject to the fame Duties only, as if the fame

had been imported in British-b\x\\t Vessels, owned and navigated according to Law: And whereas such Goods have been so entered and warehoused, in obedience to Orders of Council and Warrants of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, which it has been deemed expedient under the Circumstances to issue for such Purposes; which Orders and Warrants, and the Proceedings thereupon, were not authorized by Law; but it is expedient, under the Circumstances, that the fame should be authorized by Act of Parliament; and it is also expedient that the Importation of Goods from Countries from which the British Flag is excluded, Should be allowed for a limited Time in any Vessels; be it therefore enacted/ &c.

Ail Importations, Admissions to Entry, and warchoufing, &c. of Goods made previous to this Act under Orders in Council or Warrants of Treasury declared lawful, and the Persons concerned therein indemnified. §1. 44 Goods which have been or shall be brought into Port in consequence of such Orders in Council may be landed, and the Ships shall not be liable to Forfeiture, &c. §2."

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by Order in Council or Licence, and in Ireland for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, and the Privy Council of Ireland, by Order in Council or Licence, when and as often as the same shall be judged expedient, to permit during the Continuance of Hostilities, and until Two Months after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize as shall be specified in such Order in Council or Licence, to be imported into any Port of Great Britain or Ireland respectively, from any Port or Place from which the British Flag is excluded, in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any Country, whether in Amity with His Majesty or not; any Law in force in the United Kingdom, or in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

IV. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to exempt from Seizure any Goods or Commodities which shall be unshipped, or attempted to be unfiiipped for the Purpose of being illegally conveyed on Shore, or before due Entry shall have been made thereof.

Act may be altered or repealed this Session. $ 5."

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Exchequer Bills.

[14th April 1808.]

The Interest on Exchequer Bills under 47 G. 3. Jl. 1. c. 2. 47 G. 2. c. 28. and c. 73. which shall be carried to Exchequer Office before March 18th 1808, shall be paid; and the Holders shall receive Certificates to the Bank entitling them at their Option for every 100l. either to 105l. in the Five per Cent. Annuities from 44 5th January 1808; or to 63l. 5l. in the said 5 per Cent, together with 50l. in th6 4 per Cent, from 5th 44 April 1808; provided the Amount of Exchequer Bills exchanged shall not exceed Four Millions. §1. 44 Exchequer Office shall receive and cancel such Exchequer Bills, on granting such Certificates. §2. 44 Certificates shall entitle Parties to the Annuities accordingly. $ 3. Payable out of the Consolidated Fund. §4. 44 Certificates may be assignable before August 1, 1808. $ 5. Bank, on receiving Certificates, shall give Credit in their Books for the Capital Stock therein mentioned; which Stock may be transferred, &c. §6. 44 Exchequer shall from Time to Time issue Money to the Bank for Payment of the Annuities. $ 7. 44 Accountant General shall examine Carriers Accounts. §8. Money converted into Five per Cent. Annuities shall be added to the Joint Stock of Five per Cents, already established. §9. And Money converted into Four per Cent. Annuities shall be added to the Joint Stock of Four per Cents. §10. Mode of transferring Stock. §11."

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or shall willingly act or aflifi in the forging or counterfeiting any Certificate or Certificates directed to be made out by this Act, or any Assignment thereof, or Indorsement thereon, or shall alter any Number, Figure, or Word, in any such Certificate, or in any Assignment thereof, or Indorsement thereon, or utter or publish as true any such false, forged, counterfeited, or altered Certificate or Certificates, or Assignment or Alignments thereof, or Indorsement or Indorsements thereon, with Intent to defraud His Majesty or the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or any Body Politick or Corporate, or any Person or Persons whatsoever, every such Person or Persons so forging or counterfeiting, or causing or procuring to be forged or counterfeited, or willingly acting or affilling in the forging or counterfeiting, or altering, uttering, or publishing as aforesaid, being thereof convicted in due form of Law, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy.

Bank shall continue a Corporation for the purposes of this Act, until Redemption of said Annuities. §13. 44 No Fee for Transfers, Penalty 20l. $ 14. Bank, See. shall receive a Compensation from Treasury for their Services. §15. General llfuc — Treble Costs. $ 16."

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

[14th April 1808.]

44The Rates are the same as in 41 G. 3. ([/. K.) c. 35. — Continuance of Act from 24th March iScSuntil 44 25th March 1809."

A.D. 1808.

48° GEORGII III.

C. 40, 41. 363

CAP. XL

An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted toqualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and for extending the Times limited for those purposes respectively, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, and to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the fame on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and nine.

[14th April i8c8.]

[See Geo. 3. r. 7. and References there.]

CAP. XLI.

An Act to repeal certain Duties of Excise in Ireland, and to grant certain Stamp Duties in lieu thereof; and also certain other Stamp Duties; and to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties in Ireland.

[27th May 1808.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS it 19 expedient to repeal certain Excise Duties heretofore granted to His Majesty, His

Heirs and Successors, to be paid and payable in Ireland: And whereas in lieu of the said Duties and towards raising the Supplies granted to Your Majesty, and necessary for the Support of Your Majesty's

Government, the Commons of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, have resolved to grant to Your Majesty certain new and other Duties on Stamped Vellum and Parchment and Paper; and do mod

humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Expiration of One Stamp Dutief Calendar Month after the passing of this Act, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, in Irelandin Schedule unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the several Sums of Money and Duties of Stamps mentioned, annexed to tint enumerated, and described, and set forth in Words and Figures in the Schedule to this Act annexed: which said Schedule and every Matter and Thing therein contained, shall be deemed and taken as Part of this Act, 1 ajd to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expiration of One Calendar Month after the passing Excise Dutiet

of this Act, the Duties of Excise made payable in Ireland, by virtue of an Act made in the Forty-seventh on Licences Year of His present Majt*fly's Reign, intituled, An Act to grant to His Majesty certain Inland Duties of under47 G. 3* Excise and Taxes in Ireland, and to allow certain Drawbacks in respect thereof in lieu of former Duties of Ex* l', c*

cife, Taxes, and Drawbacks, for and in respect of any and every of the Licences mentioned, specified, and L'> C set forth in the Schedule to this present Act annexed, together with the Sum of One Shilling in the Pound on the Amount of the said Duties, shall be and the same are hereby repealed; and the Duties of Stamps in the said Schedule specified, mentioned, and contained shall from and after the said Time be paid and payable in Leu and instead of any Duties on such Licences under or by virtue of the said recited Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expiration of One Calendar Month after the 47 C. 3. Sc(T. 1.

passing of this Act so much and such Parts of an Act, made in the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's c'35: $ a' 4' Reign, intituled, An Act to Jccure the Payment of the Duties on Licences granted to Persons in It eland dealing of Duty

in Escifable Commodities, as authorizes, requires, or empowers any Collector of Excise and Taxes to receive by Kxcifc

any Duty payable on such Licences, or to receive the Sum of One Shilling in the Pound on the Amount of Collectors, such Duty, shall be and the fame is and are hereby repealed: and the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes Licences shall be in Ireland, or any one of them, or any Person or Persons appointed by the said Commissioners, or any Three granted by of them, shall and may and they are hereby authorized, empowered, and required to grant such Licences 0: 1 die*"*

Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, duly stamped with the Duty by this Act required, for any such Licence or urover'sun Licences respectively, to any Person or Persons who shall respectively require the fame, without Fee or V

Reward; in such Manner and under such Regulations as the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes shall from Time to Time order and direct, under or by virtue of the said recited Act, or any Act or Acts in force in Ireland at the Time of granting such Liccvices vefnedively.

IV. And be it further enacted, That so much of an Act, made in the Forty-seventh Year of His present Doty on Permit*

Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to repeal certain Duties of Excise, and also certain Stamp Duties in Ireland; 47

end to grant certain new Stamp Duties in liu thereof; and to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties in e'?\C' M* Ireland; as imposes any Duty on any Permit relative to any Exciseable or other Goods, or any Certificate of*

ny such Permit, shall, from and after the Expiration of One Calendar Month after the passing of this Act, be and the fame is hereby repealed.

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the expiration of One Calendar Month after the passing So much of

of this Act, so much and such Parts of an Act, made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, 46 G. a. c. 6*. intituled, An Act to repeal the several Duties under the Care of the Commissioners for managing the Duties 47 G. a. St If 1. upon Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper in Ireland, and to grant new and additional Duties in lieu thereof; a!e*

and to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties in Ireland; and also so much of an Act, made in the Deeds according Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to repeal the several Duties under the to thfir Length, Care of the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland, and to grant new and additional Duties in repealed. lieu thereof; and to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties in Ireland; as relates to the Number of f^'c-1C G. 3. Stamps to be imposed on any Indenture, Bond, Lease, or other Deed, Instrument, or Writing, according to 1, 1 l°

the Quantity of Words, or according to the Number of computed Sheets, or computed Skins, of which 4- g. 3. SefiT. 1. fuel Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, instrument, or Writing shall consist, shall be and t|i£ fame r.jo. §11. and

I

VjLJUV 1C

34

48" GEORGII III.

J)utirs of 108.

&. 5s. on Indentures, 8tc. in Schedule to this A eft, shall he in lieu of former Duties according to the Length of the Deeds,

Dufy ad Valorem shall be in lieu of 10s. Duty; and Deeds paying fame shall be chargeable with 5 s. per Skin abov Exceptions, Declarations,

&c. shall remain chargeable as before.

Duties on Vrobates and AdirtiniUrations, Adrninillrations'de bonis non, & Tendentc Lite.

Duty on

('onvryancers, See. in Schedule to 47 G. 3.

Self. 1. c. 50. & §15. repealed.

Duties on Summonses, etc. from inferior Courts, ami on Lists of Attornics, repealed. Decrees, &c. on Civil Uili where the Party appears in Person valid Vuhout the name of the Attorney if duly (Uunped.

4fi O. 3. e. f»4. §21. as to detaining Deeds by lU-gillrar, /.pealed.

C. 4l.

A.D. 180 8*

is and are hereby repealed and made void; and that from and after the Expiration of such Calendar Month no Action or Suit shall be commenced or brouglit for any Penalty incurred under the said recited Acts, or either of them, for any Offence against such Parts of the said Acts or either of them, as relates to the stamping of any Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, Instrument, or writing, according to the Quantity of Words, or according to the Number of computed Sheets, or Skins, of which the same shall confiff; any Thing in the said recited Acts or either of them to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Duties of Ten Shillings and Five Shillings, in the Schedule to this Act annexed, imposed in respect of any Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, Instrument, or Writing, not otherwise charged, shall be in lieu and instead of all Duties payable under the said recited Atu of the Forty-sixth and Forty-seventh Years of His Majesty's Reign, upon any Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, Instrument, or Writing, according to the Quantity of Words, or the Number of computed Sheets, of which such Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, Instrument, or Writing shall consist: Provided ahvavs, that where by the said recited Acts, or any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, a Stamp Duty is imposed on any Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, Instrument, or Writing, in Proportion to the Amount of Rent reserved, or Fine or Consideration paid, or of Money lent or paid, such Stamp Duty shall be paid and payable in lieu of the Stamp Duty of Ten Shillings aforesaid; and that in respect of each and every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment or Sheet or Piece of Paper, more than One, on which such Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, Instrument, or Writing shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, the Stamp Duty of Five Shillings shall be paid as in case of an Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, Instrument, or Writing not chargeable according to the Amount of Rent reserved or Fine or Consideration paid, or Money lent or paid.

e the first Skin.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to any Exception to any Answer or Report filed in any Court of Equity or any Ecclesiastical Court in Ireland, nor to any Declaration, Bill, Answer, Plea, Replication, Rejoinder, Demurrer, Interrogatory, Deposition, or other Plea or Pleading, filed in any Court in Ireland, but that every such Exception, Declaration, Bill, Answer, Plea, Replication, Rejoinder, Demurrer, Interrogatory, Deposition, and other Plea or Pleading, shall be and remain chargeable with the Duties of Stamps imposed in respect of the fame, by the said recited Act of the Forty-seventh Year, and the Schedule thereto annexed.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expiration of One Calendar Month after the passing of this Act, so much of the said recited Act of the Forty-seventh Year, and the said Schedule thereto annexed, as imposes a Duty of Five Shillings for every entire Quantity of Fifteen computed Sheets contained in any Probate of any Will, or in any Letters of Administration, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed; and that no Probate of a Will nor Letters of Administration, except Administrations Pendente lite, shall be subject and liable to any Stamp Duties other than the Duties in the Schedule in the said Act specified in respect of the Value of the Estate to which such Probate or Administration shall relate; and that no Letter of Administration De bonis non shall be liable to any Duty under the said recited Act or this Act; and that any Administration Pendente lilt shall be liable only to the Duty of Ten Pounds in the Schedule to the said Act specifiedj any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expiration of One Calendar Month after passing this Act, so much of the said recited Act of the Forty-seventh Year and the Schedules thereto annexed, a9 imposes any Duty in respect to any Certificate to be taken out by any Special Pleader, Draftsman in any Court of Equity, Conveyancer, Scrivener, or any other Person who for or in Expectation of any Fee, Gain, or Reward, shall draw or prepare any Conveyance of, or Deed relating to any Real or Personal Estate, or any Proceedings in Law or Equity; and also lo much of the said Act as directs that any Person who shall practise as such Special Pleader, Draftsman, or Conveyancer, or shall draw or prepare any such Conveyance or Deed, shall annually take out a Certificate thereof in Manner and under the Regulations in the said Act contained; and also so much of the said last recited Act as imposes any P enalty on any Person in Ireland, not being qualified as in the said Act mentioned, or not being within the Exception in the said Act specified, who shall draw or prepare any Conveyance of, or Deed relating to any Real or Personal Estate, or any Proceeding in Law or Equity for or in Expectation of any Fee, Gain, Profit, or Reward, shall be and the fame is and are hereby repealed.

X. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said Act, passed in the Forty-seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, and the Schedules thereto annexed, as imposes a Duty of Two-pence on every Summons issued out of any Inferior Court, not holding Plea above Forty Shillings, and the like Duty on any Wanant issued or Order made by such Court, and as imposes a Duty of Sixpence on every Lift of Attornies, Solicitors, or Conveyancers, shall, from and after the Expiration of One Calendar Month after the passing of this Act, be and the fame is hereby repealed.

XI. And be it further enacted, That where, in any Cause, Suit, or Proceeding by Civil Bill, any Plaintiff or Defendant shall appear in his own proper Person, and not by Attorney, it shall be lawful for the Assistant Barrister before whom such Cause, Suit, or Proceeding shall be had, to strike out or omit from the Form of any Decree, Dismiss, or other Proceeding, the Words Attorney for the Plaintiff, ' or Attorney for the Defendant, ' and to insert inllead thereof The Plaintiff, ' (or Defendant, as the Case may be) 4 appears in Person and every Decree, Dismiss, and other Proceeding in such Cause or Suit by Civil Bill shall, if duly stamped according to Law, be as good, valid, and effeduaf, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as it the Name of the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Defendant respectively had appeared thereto, any Thing in auy A cl or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expiration of One Month after the pa (ling of this Act, so much of the said Act, passed in the said Forty-sixth Year, as directs, that whenever any Deed, Conveyance, or Will shall be brought to be registered under certain Acts in force in Ireland, it shall and may be lawful for the Registrar to keep and detain in his Custody all such Deeds, Conveyances, and Wills

A.D. 1808.

48° GEORGII III.

C. 41. 365

as shall be brought to him, and all Memorial thereof, for the Space of Time in the said Act mentioned, and as requires the said Registrar to produce such Deeds, Conveyances, and Wills and Memorials thereof, to any Officer appointed for the Inspection of Stamps, and as imposes any Penally on any such Registrar in case of his Rifufal or Neglect to comply with the Directions of the said Act, {Hall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Lord or Lady of a Manor, or other Person in Ireland, New Y>eputatio» shall have made any Deputation or Appointment of a Game-keeper, whereof a Certificate duly stamped shall have been granted according to Law, and such Deputation or Appointment shall have ceased by the Death, ^aj*[n7he* Resignation, or Removal of such Game-keeper, before the Twenty-fifth Day of March next after the Date rt)(iyft!"f the ot inch Certificate, it shall and may be lawful for such Lord or Lady of a Manor, or other Person, to make Year by a new Deputation or Appointment of any Person to be a Game-keeper in the Room of such former Indorsemcni on Game-keeper, and so from Time to Time as often as any Vacancy shall happen by the Death, Resignation, die damped or Removal of any such Game-keeper, during thg Period in which such Certificate shall continue in [t!7ormer°^ force, by indorsing upon the back of the Certificate granted to such former Game-keeper, the Name of the Person so deputed or appointed; and such Lord or Lady of a Manor or other Person shall subscribe without anew every such Indorsement with his or her Name, and the Date of signing the fame; and every such Deputation Stamp, or Appointment so made by Indorsement and subscribed as afort'said, Audi be valid and effectual until the said Twenty-fifth Day of March, and no longer, without any further or other Stamp thereon, and without any further or new Certificate thereof, any Thing in any Act in force in Ireland to the contrary' notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every Pei .bn in Ireland, who from and after the patting of Porfons Vroping

this Act shall have in his or her Possession any Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Lurcher, Gum,

or other Dog, or any Gun, Net, or other Engine usually employed in the taking or Destruction of Game, |0

Hull be.deemed and taken as a Person keeping and using such Dog, Gun, Net, or Engine for the taking tlu-m fur

or destruction of Game within the true Intent and Meaning of an Act impoling Duties upon Certificates with IMUuction of respect to the Killing of Game in Ireland. Came.

XV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Prosecution or Proceeding shall be had or commenced Proof of against any Person for carrying on any Trade, Bnfincfs, Profettion, or Calling, without having a Licence for having obtained so doing duly stamped, or for keeping or ufuig any Dog, Gun, Net, or Engine for the taking or Destruction hicmce, &c. of Game, without having obtained a Certificate duly stamped in Manner required by Law, the Proof that such Person has obtained such Licence or Certificate duly stamped shall lie on the Party against whom such Prosecution or Proceeding shall be had or commenced, and not on the Party complaining; any Thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. ' And whereas by the said recited Act of the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, <7 G. 3. ft. j.

it is among other Things enacted, that any Deed, Instrument, Matter, or Thing, which shall he stamped '* k n

with any Stamp of greater Value than the Stamp required by Law, (h: i!l be valid and eftVdlun! to all Intents

and Purposes, although the Stamp on such Deed, Instrument, Matter, or Thing, shall not be of the particular

Denomination or DTcription required by Law be it enacted, That nothing in the said recited Enactment contained shall be deemed or coal!rued to extend to any Deed, Instrument, Matter, or Thing which shall be of a Kind for which separate and particular Stamps or Marks shall have been provided according to Law, unlefn the Stamp imposed thereon shall be One of the Stamps or Marks particularly appropriated to such kind of D-'ed, Instrument, or Writing.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expiration of One Calendar Month after the palTi'g of this Act, the Payment of the Stamp Duty on all Judgments shall be denoted in Manner following respectively, that is to say 5 the Payment of the Duty which shall from Time to Time be payable on Judgments, upon Cognovit Actioncm, shall be denote/; by the proper Stamp for every such Judgment respectiw Iy, being damped on such Cognovit, and the Payment of the Duty which shall from Time to T.me be payable on all other Judgments whatsoever in Ireland, (hr/! be denoted in Marnier following, tint is to say, a finall Piece or Bit of Parchment whereon shall be written the T; t!e of the C.mfe, and the Day of marking Judgment therein, shall be stamped with the proper Stamp for every Judgment relp-ctively, aid such Piece of Parclunent so stamped, shall be filed in the proper Court, on the File of the Pleadings thereof; and thereupon every such Judgment shall be deemed and taken to be duly stamped to all Intents.md Purpcfi* whatsoever; and any Officer or Officers who shall neglect or omit to obtain such Piece of Parchment properly stamped for any such Judgment, and to file the same as aforesaid, shall for every such Neglect or Omission forfeit and pn\ the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XVIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That all and every such Cognovit shall and mnv hn (limped with the proper Stamp, within One Calendar Month next after the fame dial) have been filed, without Payment of any Penalty or other Sum, save only the Duty payable thereon, bn*, r.o Discomit shall be allowed thereon; and every Person concerned in the engrossing, Iigning, or filing the iame, shall be exempt from all Penalties on Account thereof: Pro-ided nevertheless, that any Officer or Officers who shall neglect or omit to bring or fend such Cognovit to the Head Office in Dullm to be stamped, within One Calendar Month after the same shall have been so filed, shall for every inch NegWl or Oir.ilhon forfeit and pay the Sum of 'Pen Pounds.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That after the Expiration of One Month from the passing of this Act, a Book shall l>c kept in every Court in Inland, by Hie proper Officers, fur marking Jud j.omnts therein, in which Book shall he entered within Seven Davsnext after the marking or ar.v Judgf.vrt which mail be marked in such Court after that Time, a Minute or Memorandum of the Entry of such Judgment, dating the Narr.es of the Parties in the Cause, and the Day of the marking of such Judgment, and also the Day of maki.

Entry, and whether the fame was duly stamped ns a fore said or not

taken ns Evidence that such Judgment was duly stamped, or the Contrary, at the Tim:

such Entry and if any such Officer shall omit to keep such Book, or to make such Entry th

48 Geo. III. j C

shall lit* on Offender.

so. § 0. l»ft rumen r$ to uhii-h particular Stamp* arc

ap] imj riait'4 ft'.all have the

pr<.j>*T kind of Slumps.

I?rw Stamp*

«*n .'udanu nt, ft".si! he »!<_;

Vt/. fmCojjn ivit* h\ die pT iprt St.vr: p; on other Ju<h; uients h> a Stamp eu a 1 i<*'* of Pinhimu \>i'h*hr A u'.r ot C., nV, > hr f*i*<l inh

r-r; .v

Courts.

Co.n mat

Lc

nit!

alrt.-; d; ur.

Pc: .i .by on

l.W n (hr

IV/; 'ft 10l.

lnc. vn Djyi

act-T n- nkimi, a

and such Entry fii: Jl ifteruartu* be c.f mailing dn relative O

i".net\t,

T*i moran-lum

t'.f rr A C J>» r..n..!.> th: -V( Y aid\\ur

<X -- i t*. vi; \

All Ju laments ligTied before this Actt but stamped here directed, shall be valid.

Officer shall certify damping of Judgments, &c. Penalty 20I,

Penalty cn Person* refuting Admittance to Office under 43 G. 3. C. 22. $ 25. 20i,

Duties that! be paid in Pritish Currency, and under the Management of Commissioners of Stamps.

Account* shall he kept of Duty, and Ditfributors ffcall pay over lime regularly to Receiver General, and he9X0 the Treasurjr.

C. 41. 48° GEORGII III. A.D. 1808.

to any such Judgment within the said Period of Seven Days after marking the fame respectively, or shall make any such Entry falsely, every such Officer shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds*

XX.*And whereas it has heretofore been enacted, that all Judgments should within One Calendar Month after the signing thereof respectively, be carried to the Head Office in Dublin to be stamped, and the fame hath not been carried into Execution, but it has been usual to ftaimp the same as aforesaid respectively; be it therefore enacted, That every Judgment signed before the pamng of this Act, and which hath been so stamped respectively, shall be deemed and taken to have been duly stamped, and all Persons concerned in signing or making up the same shall be and they are respectively hereby indemnified from all Pains and Penalties for not causing the same to be stamped.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no attested Copy of any final Judgment, which after One Calendar Month from the passing of this Act, shall be entered in Ireland, shall be given or received in Evidence, unless the Officer attesting the same shall certify not only that the fame is a true Copy of such Judgment, but that such Judgment has been duly stamped as aforesaid respectively; and if any Officer shall certify the fame falsely, he shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Hatter or other Person licenced to fell Hats, shall refuse to permit and suffer any Person duly authorized and empowered, under the Provisions of the said last recited Act, to enter into the House, Shop, Workhouse, or Warehouse of any such Hatter or Person licenced to fell Hats, and to search for, view, inspect, and examine all and every Hat and Hats which shall be in such House, Shop, Workhouse, or Warehouse, or shall molest, obstruct, or hinder any Person so authorized in the Execution of his Duty under the said recited Act, every such Hatter or Person licenced to fell Hats, shall for every fush Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties hereby granted, shall be paid and payable according to the Amount thereof in British Currency, and shall be carried to the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, and shall be under the Management, Government, and Care of the Commissioners for the Time being ay pointed to manage the Duties charged upon stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper in Ireland, and the said Commissioners are hereby empowered and required to use such Stamps, in order to denote the Duties payable by this Act, as have been heretofore provided to denote former Duties of the like Nature, or to cauft new Stamps to be provided for that Purpose, and to alter the fame or any of them from Time to Time; and to do all other Things necessary to be done for putting this Act into Execution with relation to the several Duties hereby granted, in the like and as full and ample a Manner as they are authorized to put in Execution any former Law concerning any Duties under their Management.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Officer and Officers who shall be concerned in levying, col'efting, and receiving any Stamp Duty or Duties payable in Ireland, shall keep separate and distinct Accounts thereof; and that the several Distributors of Stamps in the County of Dublin, or County of the City of Dublin, shall pay all Monies received by them, or any Deputy or other Person employed by them, for or by reason or on Account of any of such Stamp Duty or Duties, or of any Penalties imposedby this Act, or by any other Act in anywise relating to the Payment or Regulation of any Stamp Duty or Duties, and then in the Hands of such Distributors respectively to the Receiver General of Stamp Duties on every Day in each Week except Sundays: and the Distributors of Stamps employed in other Parts of Ireland shall on every JVcdnrfday in every Week, unless the fame shalt be an Holiday, and then on the next ensuing Day which shall not be an Holiday, or as speedily after such Wednesday or other Day as the Distance of such Distn* butors respectively shall permit, and as much oftener as the said Distributors shall be required by the said Commissioners, or any of them, pay or cause to be paid all Sums received by them in like Manner, and then in their Hands respectively, to the Receiver General of Stamp Duties, and the said Receiver General shall on each and every Day, or on such Day or Days in every Week as shall be dirrftod for the Purpose by the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, pay all Monies so received by him, and then in his Hards, into the Receipt of His Majesty8 Exchequer of Ireland \ and the said Receiver General shall on each Day after his making any such Payment into His Majesty's Exchequer, and every Distributor of Stamps each Day after his or her making any such Payment to the said Receiver General, or on the Firit Opportunity after the said Times respectively, give Notice of such Payment and of the Amount thereof to the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties; and if such Receiver General thali at any Time neglect or omit to pay into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer the Sums so by him payable, as afoivlaid, at the Time and in Manner aforesaid, or shall detain any Part of the Monies so by him payable, without sufficient Reason to be approved of by the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, or any Three of them, then and for such Offence lie shall be difinified from his said Employment, and shall be incapable to serve His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, in any Civil Capacity whatsoever, and shall be charged with Interest for the Monies so detained in his. Hands, after the Rate of Twelve Pounds by the Hundred by the Year, the same to be recovered, with Colls of Suit, by Action, Suit, or Information, or by any ether of the Means whereby Debts may be recovered by His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, from Publick Accountants or Debtors; and if any such Distributor or Distributors shall neglect or omit to pay or cause to be paid to such Receiver General as aforesaid, the Sumsfo by him, her, or them payable as aforesaid, or shall detain the Monies by him, her, or them so payable as aforesaid, or- any Part thereof, without sufficient Reason to be approved of by the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, or any Three of them, then and for such Offence every such Distributor shall be dismissed from his said Employment, and shall from thenceforth be incapable of serving His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, in any Civil Capacity whatsoever, and shall be charged with Interest for the Monies so detained in his Elands, .after the Rate of Twelve Pounds by the Year for each One hundred Pounds, to be recovered with Coils of Suit, by Action, Suit, or Information, or by any of her of the Ways or Means whereby Debts may be recovered by Elis Majesty, Kifi Heirs or Successors, fro a* Publick Accountants,

' 8 XXV. Aud;

A.D. 1808.

48° GEORGII III.

C. 41. 367.

XXV. And be it further enact'd, That on any Trial or other Proceeding for Recovery of any Duty or Inforrarr* Penalty under this Act, or under ar.y Act empowering, or in anywise relating to the Levying, Collection, or Management of any Stamp Duty or Duties whether in any Suit to be instituted in any of the Superior Courts

in Ireland, or by Civil Bill, or before a Just ice or Justices, or at Sessions, agy Informer or other Person who in the Event of a Conviction would be entitled to the Penalty to be recovered thereon, or to any Part, Share, or Proportion thereof, or to any Foe, Profit, Reward, or Emolument whatsoever, shall be received and admitted as a competent Witness on such Trial or other Proceeding, and the Teitimony of such Informer or other Person shall, if believed, be sufficient to all Intents and Purposes, as far as the fame Testimony could be if given by any other Person whom foe ver.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That io all Cases where any Penalty against any Act or Acts in force in Plaintiff* In

Ireland, relating to the Stamp Duties shall be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in Aehon* for any of his Majesty's Courts of Record in Dublin, or by Civil Bill, in any Part of Ireland, the Person suing " '*

for the same shall also be entitled to and shall recover his Aill Colls of Suit, and shall have like Remedy for such Colls as iu other Cates where Colts are given by Law.

u Powers of 43 (?. 3. c. 21. & 46 G. 3. c. 64. extended to this Act. f 27. Act maybe altered this Session. §28

Pcmhic* shall recover Colt*.

8 8

4

10

SCHEDULE. I Duty 4

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece ef Paper, on which shall £. /. d.

be ingrossed, written, or printed any of the following Articles, or any ^art thereof, the respective Duties following;

Any Licence to any Person in Ireland for any of the Purposes herein after mentioned, that is to say;

To manufacture Tobacco in any Manner -

And further, for and upon every Tobacco Table exceeding One Table, which any Person manufacturing Tobacco shall be licenced to keep - - - .4

deal in unmanufactured Tobacco, except as a Wholesale Importer only - .10

To fell by Retail or otherwise deal in Coffee, except Importers thereof, or Persons licenced to fell Tea or Groceries -

Tomanufacture Candles and Soap, or either of them, for Sale, viz.

In the City of Dublin, or witliiu the Circular Road surrounding the fame; and in any City or Town in Ireland fending a Member or Members to serve in Parliament, or within Two Miles of the Scllions House or Market House or Market Place thereof - - 4

In any other Part of Ireland - .2

To manufacture Paper Hangings for Sale - - - y

To fell Paper Hangings, not being the Manufacturer thereof, viz.

Ia the City of Dublin, or within the Circular Road lurrounding the fame, and in any City or Town in Ireland fending a Member or Members to serve in Parliament, or within Two Miles of the Seffiuns House, or Market House or Market Place thereof - - 2

In any other Part of Ireland - - - X

To keep a Still or Stills to rectify or compound Spirits and Strong Waters, for eve$y Gallon which such Still or Stills is or are capable of containing - - - o

To keep a Mill or Mills for making Paper; for each Mill - - - -2

To brew or make for Sale any Liquor called Sweets or made Wine* - .5

To make Mtthegi in or Mead for Sale - .*2

To make Vinega.* for Sale - -.5

To lell Tea a d Groceries, or either of them, including Foreign Grapes, Foreign Currants Raili is and Figs hv Retail, viz.

In the City of Dublin, or within the Circular Road surrounding the fame, and in every City,

Town, and Place returning a Member or Members to serve in Parliament, or within Two Miles of the Sessions House, or principal Market House or Market Place of any such City, Town, or Place - - y

In ar.y other Part of Ireland - - - y

To fell or make any Gold or Silver Plate, viz.

In the City of Dublin, or within the Circular Road surrounding the fame, and in any City or Town in Ireland fending a Member or Members to serve in Parliament, or within Two Miles of the Sessions Iioule or Market Place thereof - y

In any other Part of Ireland - - - -a

To keep a Tan Yard or Tan Pit, or to tan Leather.- - ... I

To diets H'des and Skins in Oil -.. 1

To make Vellum or Parchmeot - 1

To sell Spirituous Liquors in Quantities not lef* than Two Gallons, and not exceeding Fifty Gallons in the several Places following, via.

In the City of Dublin, and within the Circular Road surrounding the said City, and within the District of the said Metropolis, or within the City of Cork, or the City of Waterford, or the City of Limerick (including all Place* furrouuded by the said Cities respectively, and that Part of the City of Limerick called St. Francis's Abbey) or within the Town of Belfast. ... .I26

1 Ba

J by

2

1

10

2

5

2

5

o

o

o

o

o

6

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

Q

o

Q

i

ithiu

gle

48° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1808.

C. 4

21 0 0

Licences (to retail Spirituous Liquors) — continued.

WitKin the Rest of the respective Counties of the said Cities of Cork, Waterford, and Limerick, or within One Mile thereof respectively, or in any Place beyond the Circular Road surrounding the said City of Dublin and the Wall of His Majesty's Park the Phoenix, not more than Two Miles distant therefrom, or within One Mile of the Town of Bel fa ft, or of the publick Lamps therein -

In any other Place within the District of the Excise Office of Dublin beyond the Circular Road and Wall of His Majesty's Park the Phoenix, not distant more than Five MiW therefrom, and within the Cities of Armagh, Londonderry, and Kilkenny, and the Towns of Athlone, Ballinafloe, Bandon, Carlow, Cashell, Castlebar, Clonmell, Coleraine, Drogheda, Dundalk, Ennis, Enniskillen, Galway, Kinfale, Lisburne, Longford, Loughrea, Mallow, Newry, New Rot's, Sligo, Tipperary, Tralee, Wexford, and Youghall, and within One Mile of the Market House or Market Place therein respectively -

In any other Parts of Ireland than those Parts before described -

To fell Home-made Spirits on Commission or otherwise in any Place in Ireland in Quantities no less than Fifty Gallons, the Person so felling not being a licenced Distiller To fell Spirits, not being Home-made Spirits, on Commission or otherwise in any Place in Ireland in Quantities not lef^ than Fifty Gallons, the Person so felling not being an Importer of such Spirits -

To exercise the Trade or Business of a Brazier or Worker in Brass, Copper, Tin, or other Metal for making of Stills, Still Heads, and Worms of Stills; viz.

In the City of Dublin, or within the Circular Road surrounding the fame, and in any City or Town in Ireland fending a Member or Members to ierve in Parliament, or within Two Miles of the Sessions House, or Market House or Market Place thereof In any other part of Ireland -

To keep a Malt House and make Malt for Sale, to be used in any Brewery or Distillery; for each and every Cistern or Kiln, which ever shall be the greatest in Number in each and every Malt House in which such Business shall be carried on in the Places following; viz.

In the City of Dublin, and within the Circular Road surrounding the said City, and within the District of the Metropolis of Dublin, and in any Place beyond the said Circular Road and Wall of His Majesty's Park the Phoenix, not more than Two Miles distant therefrom, or within the City of Cork, or the City of Waterford, or the City of Limerick, (including all Places surrounded by the said Cities respectively, and that Part of the City of Limerick called Saint Francis's Abbey) or within the Town of Belfast Within the rest of the respective Counties of the said Cities of Cork, Waterford, and Limerick, or within One Mile thereof respectively, or in any other Place within the District of the Excise Office of Dublin beyond the Circular Road and Wall of His Majesty's Park the Phoenix, not distant more than Five Miles therefrom, or within One Mile of the Town of Belfast, or of the publick Lamps therein, or within the Cities of Armagh, Londonderry, and Kilkenny, or the Towns of Athlone, Ballinafloe, Bandon, Carlow, Caflicll, Castlebar, Clonmell, Coleraine, Drogheda, Dundalk, Ennis, Enniskillen, Galway, Kinfale, Lisburne, Longford, Loughrea, Mallow, Newry, New Ross, Sligo, Tipperary, Tralee, Wexford, and Youghall, and within One Mile of the Market House or Market Place therein respectively -

In any other Parts of Ireland than those Parts before described To fell Malt, (the Party felling the fame not being licenced to make Malt)

To brew Strong Beer, Porter, or Ale, or Small Beer for Sale; for each and every Brewhouse in the Places following, viz.

In the City of Dublin, or within the Circular Road surrounding the said City, or within the District of the Metropolis, or beyond the said Circular Road and Wall of His Majesty's Park the Phoenix, not more than Two Miles distant therefrom; or within the City of Cork or the City of Waterford, or the City of Limerick, (including all Places surrounded by the said Cities respectively, and that Part of the City of Limerick called St. Francis's Abbey), or within the Town of Belfast Within the Rest of the respective Counties of the said Cities of Cork, Waterford, and Limerick, or within One Mile thereof respectively, or within One Mile of the Town of Belfast, or of the publick Lamps therein, or in any Place within the District of the Excise Office of Dublin, beyond the Circular Road and Wail of His Majesty's Park the Phoenix, not distant more than Five Miles therefrom Within the Cities of Armagh, Londonderry, and Kilkenny, and the Towns of Athlone, Ballinafloe, Bandon, Carlow, Cashell, Castlebar, Clonmell, Coleraine, Drogheda, Dundalk, Ennis, Enniskillen, Galway, Kinfale, Lisburne, Longford, Loughrea, Mdlow, Newry, New Ross, Sligo, Tipperary, Tralee, Wexford, and Youghall, and within One Mil* of the Market House or Market Place therein respectively In any other Place in Ireland -

I

lS

10

21 0 0

31 io

2 K

*5

21

0

15

0

52 10

31 10 0

0

0

To

SCHEDULE.

Any Request Note or Requisition for any Permit required to be granted by any Officer of His Majesty's Revenue, or auy Commissioner or Distributor of Stamps, or other Person duly authorized to grant the fame, relative to any Exciseable or other Goods, and auy Request Note or Requisition for any Certificate of any such Permit required by Law

Any Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, Instrument, or Writing, not charged with any other Stamp Duty; (except Indentures of Apprenticeship where no Apprentice Fee shall be given, or if any be given, inch Apprentice Fee shall not exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds; ) if the same shall be ingroSTed, written, or printed on only one Skin, or Sheet or Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper -

And if the same shall be ingrossed, written, or printed on more than One Skin or Sheet or Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper; Then,

On the First Skin or Sheet or Piece thereof -

On every other Skin or Sheet or Piece thereof -

10

5

1

o

o

o

Licences — continued, £. /, d

To keep a Tavern, Hotel, Club-house, or CofTce House

To fell by Audi ion: viz.

Within the District of the Metropolis or within Six Miles of the Quftle of Dublin, or within the City of Cork, or the City of Waterford or the City of Limerick, (including all Places Surrounded by the said Cities respectively, and that Part of the City of Limerick called Saint Francis's Abbey, ) and within the rest-of the respective Counties of the said Cities, and in the Town of Belfast -

In any other Pan of Ireland -

To make Glass Bottles, and other VelLls or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal To exercise the Trade or Calling of a Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman, or other Trading Person going from Place to Place in Ireland, and travelling either on Foot or with Horse or other Beast of Burthen, or otherwise carrying to fell or exposing to Sale any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize; also Licences to travelling Tinkers and Callers of Iron and Metal, and to Persons hawking about Tea or Coffee for Sale.

And further, for every Horse or other Beast bearing or drawing Burthen, which such Person shall so travel with, or cause to be used for the Purpose of carry ing or drawing his, her, or their Goods, Wares, or Merchandize -

To carry on the Trade of a Coachmaker or Maker of any Carriage chargeable with Duty lo carry on the Trade of selling Carriages chargeable with Duty by way of Autlion or on Commission.

To let to Hire any Horse for the Purpose of travelling Post by the Mile or from Stage to Stage -

Duty.

2 o 5 5

5

o

10

o

o

CAP. XLII.

An Act to grant to his Majesty certain Duties and Taxes in Ireland, in fcfpcfl of Carriages, Dogs, Fire Hearths, Horses, Male Servants, and Windows, in lieu of former Duties and Taxes, hr respect of the like Articles.

[27th May 1808.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of Great Britain and Irelaml in P.ulii-

W ment assembled, towards raising the necestary Supplies to -defray Your Majesty's pul hck Lxpenees in

'Inland, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the Duties 'Mid 'Paxes

' herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confcut of the Lords Spiritual and Dufies granted

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from on (Jarru^-s,

and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eight, there shall be raised, levied, col- jJ'A

lected, and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, upon and ui respect of the several Carriages, van'j '"

Dogs, Fire Hearths, Horses, Male Servants, and Windows mentioned, fnecified, and exprefh J in the Wai Lws,

Schedule to this Act annexed, the several Sums of Money, Duties, and Taxes as they are r* spe(! : v«dy defcril. ! ». cor.lin^ to

and set forth in the said Schedule; and the said SJv dule, and .11 the Exceptions, Exemptions, and Regulation* Sri

therein specified and contained, shall b<* deemed and taken to be Part of this Act to all Intent* and Purposes anncve^'

whatsoever; and the said Duties and Taxes shall be in Leu and bistead ai.d in fell Satis! icVi >11 or all Dutic.i and

Taxes gnnted upon or in respect of the like Articles and Tiling* in and by an Act made in the Forty-seventh In li^u of Dvnio*

Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to yrunt to firs M fly certain Inland Dui'cs of F.xcifc u, M, fr »7 r'. J.

and Taxes in Ireland, and to allow certain Dr whacks in reject! thereof, I. .7 u of for rut Dut'cs rj I setfe, and icl'* 1, c*

I axes, and Drawbacks, or by any other A or Acts in fence n h eland at the P'me of tncpafling of this Act, except only such Duties as have been or fh.dl or may be granted or iinoofed for cert* in local Pur; oses in Ireland, by any Act or Acts of Parliament, a id which Duties are or m.»y be appropriate I to such local P rpofei by the Acts by which the said Duties are or shall be granted 01 impeded respectively, or by any other AaorA&e,

le

G

Duties

' Putirt in British Cur- pcucv, arul carried \o Irish ConMidated Fund.

Fees.

Exemptionss to Oven* ami 'Boilers, Gut-t honflrs, Green-J: oufes, .&c.

; C6lWkrs,

/hall post General Notice* on ( turn it Doors, &c. for Jfrrtuins undtr

from Persons liable to the Dutie*.

rHouses with not more than Four Hearths built on Farms of not lets than 10 Acres exempted from Hearth and Window Duty lor 7 -iears.

Kin ! ttljtf X*<4mc> biull

Cj 42«

48" G EORCII III.

A.D. 1808.

" Duties on Dogs, Carriages, Fire Hearths, Horses, Male Servants, and Windows under recited Act, shall u cease from 5th January 1808. §2.*

III. And be it further enacted, That all the Duties and Taxes by this Act and the Schedule hereunto annexed, granted, and made payable, shall be paid and payable, and received and receivable, according to the Amount thereof in British Currency; and that all and every the said Duties and Taxes granted by this Act, the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame being deduced, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland; and that the Sum of Sixpence in the Pound, and all other Feet which shall or may be payable to the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, Clerk of the Pells, or any other Officer of the Treasury of Ireland, upon issuing or ra\'ment of any Sum or Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland\ shall be carried to the said Consolidated Fund, in Aid and Addition to the Duties hereby granted, and shall be accounted for accordingly.

IV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That any Oven, or any fixed toiler in any Dwelling House, Outhouse, or Edifice appertaining thereto, shall not be deemed a Fire Hearth or Stove, or Place used lor Firing, within the Meaning of this Act> or of the Schedule thereto annexed, or within the Meaning of the said recited Act of the Forty-seventh Year aforesaid; and that no Outhouse, Office, Building, or Edifice shall be deemed a Part of any Dwelling House, or to be appertaining thereto, so as to authorize the including the Fire Hearths, Stoves, or Places for Firing, or the Windows in such Outhouse, Office, Building, or Editice, in the Number of Fire Hearths or Windows, in respect of which such Dwelling House shall be chargeable with Duty, unless such Outhouse, Office, Building, or Edifice shall be uninterruptedly connected with such Dwelling House, or shall be situated in some Court, Yard, or Place, immediately adjoining to such Dwelling House, or shall be uninterruptedly connefled with such Dwelling House, by Buildings, Yards, or Courts; and that every Five Hearth, Stove, or Place for Firing in any Grecnhouse, Conservatory, Gardener's House, or other Office or Building, which is in or immediately contiguous to any Garden or Gardens, and occupied together with such Garden or Gardens, shall be charged together, according to the totai Number of such Fire Hearths, Stoves, or Places for Firing in such Grecnhouse, Conservatory, Gardener's House, or other Office or Building, as one dillindl and entire PofRffion, and not as appertaining to any Dwelling House; any Thing in this Act of the said recited Act, or any other Act or Acts, to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Collectors of the Taxes on Fire Hearths in their respective Walks or Divisions, or in case there shall be no such Collector, then some Officer appointed for that Purpose by the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, shall within Sixty-one Days after the passing of this Act, and yearly within Sixty-onc Days after the Filth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nine, and in each and every subsequent Year, cause to be affixed on the Doors of the Church or Chapel, or Market House or publick School House, if any such there shall be, of every Parish or Place within the respective Walks or Divisions of such Collector or Officer, (and if any Parish or Place shall not have a Church or Chapel, Market House or publick School, then on the Doors of the Church or Chapel, or Market House of the nearest or adjoining Parish, ) a general Notice to all Persons redding in the said Parish or Place who, by an Act of the Forty-seventh Year aforesaid, are required to make out and deliver Lills or Accounts of Carriages, Servants, Horses, and Dogs, that such Persons shall make out the said Lills and Accounts, and deliver the fame directed to or for the said Collector of the Taxes on Fire Hearths, or to or for the said Officer appointed as aforesaid, at some House or Place within the said Parish or Place to be signifiedin such Notice, within Twenty Days after the Date of such Notice; and such general Notice shall from Time to Time, when the same shall be affixed, be deemed a Requisition or Demand upon every Person within such Parish or Place to deliver in such Lills or Accounts within the said Space of Twenty Days accordingly; and if any Person in such Parish or Place shall neglect or refuse to make^ out and deliver such Lift or Account at the House or Place mentioned in such Notice directedin Manner aforesaid, within the said Space of Twenty Days, or shall make or deliver any undue or false Lilt or Account, every such Person shall for every Inch Offence be subject and liable to the like Penalties, and Forfeitures, and Payments, as Persons neglecting to deliver Lifts or Accounts, or delivering any undue or false Lift or Account of Carriages, Servants, Horses, or Dogs, are by any At! in force in Ireland subject and liable, and the respective Collectors and Officers shall cause the said general Notice to be from Time to Time replaced (if necessary) during the said Space of Twenty Days; and any Person who shall wiliully tear, deface, or obliterate any such Notice so affixed, shall forfeit fur every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor less than Five Pounds.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any Dwelling House which at any Time after the passing of this Act, shall be built on, and shall be hold together with, any Farm in Ireland containing not less than Ten Acres, and.in the Whole of which Dwelling House, with every Outhouse and Edifice appertaining thereto, there shall be not.more than Four Fire Hearths or Stoves or Places for Firing, shall be exempted from any Duty under this Act in respect of the several Fire Hearths, Stoves, or Places for Firing in such Dwelling House, with the Outhouses and Edifices thereto appertaining, and also with respect to the several Windows in the fame, from the Time when such Dwelling House Audi be iirll occupied, until the Fifth Day of January next after the End of Seven Years from the Time of such first Occupation; and that during the said Term such Dwelling House, and the Occupier thereof, shall not be charged with nor rated to, nor shall pay any Duty for any such Fire Hearth, Stove, or Place for Firing, nor for any such Window, any Tiring in this Act or the Schedulehei*eto annexed, or in any other Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that such Dwelling House shall be occupied together with such Farm during the Whole of the said Period; and in Case such Farm shall uot be so .occupied therewith, the said Dwelling House and the Occupier thereof shall be charged and chargeable with the said Duties in respect of the Fire Hearths, Stoves, or Place for Firing, and Windows therein respectively as any other Dwelling House and Occupier is chargeable under this Act or any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whether such general Notice shall be polled or not as aforesaid, the Collector of the Taxes on Fire Hearths, or any Officer appointed by or acting under the Cpnamilliouers

A.D. 1808.

48° GEORGII III.

C. 42.

of Inland Exclfe and Taxes in Ireland to collect or superintend the Collection of all or any of the Duties and Taxes by this Act granted, shall within Sixty-one Days after the passing of this Act, and yearly within Sixty-one Days after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nine, and in each and in every' subsequent Year, and at such other Days and Times as any such Collector or Othcer shall be directed by the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, give and leave particular Notices with every Person in their respective Walks, Divisions, or Districts liable or supposed to be liable to the Duties on Carriages, Dogs, Horses, and Male Servants, requiring all such Persons respectively to prepare and produce and to deliver to such Collector or Officer within Ten Days next after such Notice, the several Lifts and Accounts required to be delivered by any Act of the Forty-seventh Year aforesaid, in Manner required by any such Ad.

u Duties shall be under Management of Excise Office, and levied as under the Acts 47 G. yjl* I. c. 18. & 21 \ u 14 & 15 Car. 2. c. 8. 46 G. 3. c. xc6, &c. §8."

)>4 J

by Oliu era requirin': rctnii<a from Fcrf*m» liable to Duties,

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE of DUTIES payable in Ireland on the several Articles, Matters, and Things thereiit

mentioned.

COACHES and CARRIAGES.

For and upon all the Carriages herein after mentioned which any Person shall keep or have in his or her Possession at any Time between the Fifth Day of January in any Year and the Fifth Day of January in the Year following, the several yearly Rates, Duties, and Sums following: For and upon any Coach, Chariot, Berlin, Calafti, or Chaise, with Four Wheels, not exempt by Law; and for and upon any Curricle, or other Carriage with Two Wheels, drawn by Two Horses abreast, the yrearly Sum of -

For Two such Carriages, the yearly Sum of -

For Three such Carriage^, the yearly Sum of -

For Four such Carriages, the yearly Sum of -

And for each and every Carriage above the Number of Four, the further yearly Sum of And in all Cases for every additional Body successively used on the fame Carriage, or Number of Wheels, the further yearly Sum of For and upon every Chaise with less than Four Wheels, not otherwise charged, nor exempt by Law, the yearly Sum of For and upon every Car made use of and fitted up for carrying Persons, commonly known by the name of a Jaunting Car or Pleasure Car, and for and upon every Carriage or Vessele made use of as a Jaunting Car or Pleasure Car, by whatever Name such Carriage or Vessele may be called, the yearly Sum of -

Exemptions.

Stage Coaches, Hackney Coaches, Hackney Chnifes, and Coaches and Chaises, and other Carriages kept for Hire; except such as shall be kept for Hire by any Person letting out Horses to travel Post, or by the Mile, who shall charge, demand, or receive a higher Rate of Payment for drawing any Carriage subject to Duty by this Act travelling Post by the Mde, or from Stage to Stage, than, such Person charges for his or her own Carriage of the fame Denomination travelling Post in like Manner.

All Carriages kept by any Person (pot letting out Carriages for Hire) -who shall, in respect of the several Carriages kept by such Person in each Year, pay the full Sum of Twenty-five Pounds Four Shillings by way of Coir.position for all such Carriages,; before the 25th Day of March in any Year.

Carriages kept for Side, for which a Duty of One Pound or Ten Shillings shall have been paid by the Maker thereof, as herein after mentioned:

1 or every Carriage chargeable with Duty under this Act, which any Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages shall make, buildror construct for Sale, the several and respective Sums following: that is to say.

For every such Carriage with Four Wheels, the Sum of

For ever)' such Carriage with less than Four Wheels, the Sum of -

To be paid by the Coachmaker or Maker thereof.

For ever)' Carriage chargeable with Duty under this Act, which shall be sold by any Person in Ireland, by ntiftion or on Commission, the several and respective Sums following; that is to say, Forever}* such Carriage with Four Wheels, the Sum of -

Forever}' such Carriage with less than Four Wheels, the Sum of -

To be paid by the Auctioneer, or Person felling the fame, over and above all other Duties on such Sale.

Duty.

£, /. d.

' 8 8

H 14 0

18 18 Q

21 0 0

4 4 O

2 2 O

4 4 O

X 1 0

o

10

o

1 a

o

o

o

Q

DOGS.

372 C. 42.

48" GEORGII III.

A.D. 1808.

DOGS.

For every Dog of the several Descriptions and Denominations following, which any Person shall have or keep cither for his or her own Uie, or for the Use of any other Person or Persons, the several yearly Sums following; that is to say,

For every Greyhound -

For every Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Lurcher, or Terrier -

For every other Dog of whatever Description or Denomination the fame may be;

Where any Person shall have or keep Two or more Dogs -

And where any Person shall have or keep only one such Dog and no more;

If such Person shall be subject to the Payment of Hearth Money, in respect of Four or more Hearths, or shall be subject to any Duty in respectc of Windows And if such Person shall be subject to the Payment of Hearth Money in respect of less than Four Hearths -

The said Duties to be paid by the Persons respectively having or keeping such Dogs respectively.

Exemptions.

Any Dog not being a Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Lurcher, Terrier, which any Person shall keep, who shall not be subject to any Duty in respect of Windows or Fire Hearths, and who shall have or keep only One Dog and no more.

Any Dog or Whelp which shall not be adhially of the Age of Six Calendar Months.

All Dogs-kept by any Person who shall in respect of the several Dogs kept by such Person in each Year pay the full Sum of Thirty Pounds by way of Composition for all such Dogs, before the Twenty-fourth Day of June in each Year.

£- I

1 0 0

0 10 0

o 10 0

6 0 4

Duty.

Yrarly Rate on the for the whole Number of Hearths.

FIRE HEARTHS.

For and out of every Dwelling House, in the Whole of which, with every Out-house and Edifice appertaining thereto, there shall be Two and not more than Twenty-eight Fire Hearths or Stoves, or other Places used for Firing, at any Time between the Fifth Day of January in any Year and the Fifth Day of January following, the several and respective yearly Rates following; that is to say,

In respect of 2 Fire Hearths -

4 -

9...

10---

u -

12 -

13 -

14 -

15 --

16 -

17 -

18 -

9--

20---.

21--

22 -.

23 --

24 -

25 --

26 -

27 --

28 --

And for and out of every Dwelling House, in the Whole of which, with every Out-house and Edifice appertaining thereto, there shall be more than Twenty-eight Fire Hearths or Stoves, or other Places used for Firing, in respcdf of each and every Fire Hearth or Stove, or other Plaa used for Firing in such Dwelling House, Out-house, or Edifice, appertaining thereto, then shall be paid the yearly Sum of -

Rate for each Hearth,

£. x. d. i e. X. I

0 4 6 0 2 3

0 7 6 0 2 6

0 12 0 0 3 0

0 17 6 0 3 6

1 4 0 0 4 0

1 11 6 0 4 6

2 0 0 0 S 0

290 0 5 6

3 0 0 0 6 0

3 11 6 0 6 6

4 4 0 0 7 0

4 17 6 0 7 6

- 5 12 0 0 8 0

6 7 6 0 8 6

- 7 4 0 090

- 8 1 6 096

-90 0 0 10 0

-919 6 0 10 6

- 11 0 0 0 il 0

- 12 1 6 0 11 6

- !3 4 0 0 12 0

- l4 7 6 0 12 6

- l5 12 0.0 U 0

- 167 6 1 0 U 6

- 18 4 c. 0 H 0

- 19 11 ( i 0 14 6

- 21 0 c. 0 15 0

0 I? 0 Exemptions*

Fire-Hearths — Continued.

Exemptions and Abatements.

His Majesty's Castle of Dublin, or any House within the Circuit thereof, or any House or Tenement provided for the Residence of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, or of the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, or of the Under Secretaries in his Office; and the College of the Holy and Undivided Trinity of Queen Elizabeth near Dublin; shall be exempted from the said Duty on Fire Hearths.

Any House situate within the Di/trict of the Metropolis of Dublin, or within any City or Town, and containing Six Hearths or upwards, in which no Shop shall be kept for the Sale of any Goods, or in which no Spirituous or other Liquors shall be sold, and which shall be wholly let for Lodgings, and occupied by Lodgers, each Lodging set to or occupied by one Person or Family, and such Lodging not confiding of more than One Room, shall not be charged with any higher Rate than Two Shillings for each Hearth or Firing Place therein.

Any House situate within the District of the Metropolis of Dublin, or within any City or Town, and containing Eight Hearths or upwards, the greater Part of the Rooms in which shall be set to or occupied by Lodgers, each Lodger not subject to a Rent exceeding Five Pounds yearly for such Lodging, though the same shall be partly inhabited by the Owner, shall not be charged with any higher Duty than Two Shillings for each Hearth or Firing Place.

Any Hospital, Charity School, or House provided for the Reception and Relief of poor Persons, or any Gaol, Prison, or Sessions House, or any Hall, Office, or other publick Building whatever in Ireland, shall not be charged in respect of Hearths therein, otherwise than in Manner herein after mentioned; that is to say, all the Dwelling Rooms and Apartments 111 any such publick Buildings being occupied by any Officer of or belonging to, or employed in the fame, or by any Servant of such Officer, shall be deemed inhabited Houses, and shall be liable to the Tax on Hearths accordingly; and the Persons respectively by whom, or by whose Servants, such Rooms or Apartments are or shall be inhabited, shall be chargeable with, and liable to pay the said Tax, as Occupiers of inhabited Houses are by Law chargeable with, and liable to pay the same.

HORSES.

For all Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, which any Person or Persons shall have or keep at any Time between the Fifth Day of January in any Year, and the Fifth Day of January in the Year following, for the Purpose of riding, or for the Purpose of drawing any Carriage whatever chargeable with Duty (except Carriages kept for Hire in cases where such Carriages shall be so chargeable) the several yearly Sums following; that is to say,

For One such Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mulo -

Two, each -

Three, each -

Four, each -

Five, each -

Six, each -

Seven, each -

Eight, each -

Nine, each - .-I

Ten or more, each - .1

And for every such Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, kept and used by any Male Person neverl having been married, an additional Duty in all Cases equal to One Half of the Amount of the Bbove Duties respectively.

Exemptions.

Any Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, under Three Years old.

Any Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, which shall be used truly and without Fraud for the Purpose of Husbandry only, on Land occupied by the Owner of such Horse, or other Beall or for the Purpose of drawing any Waggon, Cart, or Carriage (except such Carriages as are laffilc to Duty), or carrying Burthens in the course of the 'Trade or Occupation of the Person or Persons to whom such Ilorfc, Mare, Gelding, or Mule shall belong, although such Horse,

Mare, Gelding, or Mule, shall be used for riding on the Occa/ious and in Manner herein after mentioned; that is to say, when returning from any Place to which any Load or Burthen shall have by such Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, been drawn or carried, or in going to any Place from whence any Load or Burthen shall be to be brought back by any Inch Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule; or for the Purpose of procuring Medical Assistance; or for the Purpose of going to or from Market, or to or from any Place of publick Worship, or to or from any Flexion of Members to serve in Parliament; or to or from any Court of Justice; provided such Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, shall not, on any Occasion, be used for any other Purpose, save as aforesaid. [

One Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, used only for the Purpose of drawing any Carriage with I lets than Four Wheels, not chargeable with any Duty under this Act, by any Person occupying j 48 Geo. III.*3 C

d.

0

0 17 6

I 0 0

I 5 0

I 10 0

I 15 0

2 0 0

2 5 0

2 10 0

3 0 9

374

C. 4 2

48 GEORGII III.

A.D. 1808.

SCHEDULE.

Horses — (Exemptions) — Continued.

a Farm, and making a Livelihood solely thereby, or by any Person carrying on a Trade and making a Livelihood solely thereby, or making a Livelihood by such Occupation and Trad-jointly; or by any Ecclesiastical Person not possessed of an annual Income of j£ioo or upwards, whether arifng from any Ecclesiastical Preferment or otherwise.

One horse, Mare, or Gelding, used by any Non-commissioned Officer or Private in any of the Regiments of Cavalry, or in the Artillery.

One Horse, Mare, or Gelding, used by any Person enrolled or to be enrolled, and serving in any Troop of Yeoman Cavalry in Ireland, who shall have attended on horseback One Hall at the lead of the Number of Days appointed for him to exercise or be on Duty in the \ ear, and who shall produce a Cenificate from the Commanding Officer or permanent Serjeant of his having done fu, and of Tay having been drawn for him for the said Number of Days,

RACE HORSES.

ring; that is to say,

- > p.» v. 1 »'1 1 w|/i iui ij wi vniy i

affnvfnid lh: dl haw been entered, or shall have run for any Plate, Prize, or Sum of Money, there shall be paid annually by tim Person or Persons having the Custody, Charge, or Management of any such Holies, Marcs, or Geldings, over and above all other Duties, the yearly Sum of -

MALE SERVANTS.

For every Male Servant who shall be retained or employed by any Person in Ireland, at any Time between the 5th Day of January in any Year, and the 5th Day of January in the Year following, there shall be paid the yearly Sums, Duties, and Taxes follow" -v "*r"'

For I Male Sci'.ant -

2 Male Servants, each

3 Male Servants, each

Male Servants, each -

5 Male Servants, each -

6 Male Servants, -each

7 Male Servants, each -

8 Male Servants, each -

-9Male Servants, each -

io Male Servants, and upwards, each

And for each Male Servant retained or employed by any Male Pcvfon never having been married an additional Duty in all Cases equal to One Half of the Amount of the above Duties respectively.

To be paid by the Person who shall detain or employ such Male Servant or Servants, and to he paid for every Male Servant who shall be retained or employed in any of the following Capacities, that is to say; Maitre d'Hotel, House Steward, Mailer of the Horse, Groom of the Chamber, Valet de Chimbrc, Butler, Under Butler, Clerk of the Kitchen, Confectioner, Cook, House Porter, Footman, Running Footman, Coachman, Groom, Poilillion, Gardener, Park Keeper, Game Keeper, Huntlman, or Whipper-in, or by whatever Name or Names Male Servants really adding in any of the said Capacities shall be called or known, or whether such Male Servants shall have been, or shall be retained or employed in one or more of the said Capacities, or in any other Bufitiefs jointly with one or more of the same.

For cverv Male Person employed by any Person in trade, or exercising any ProfefP.on whatever, as a Clerk or Book Keeper, or Office Keeper (except Apprentices lor or with whom no higher Sum than Twenty Pounds Sterling has been paid or contracted for as a Fee or Reward, ) the yearly Sum of -

For every Male Person employed by any Person in trade as a Shopman (except Apprentices as aforesaid, ) for the Purpose of exposing to sale or felling Goods, Wares, or Merchandize in such Shop or Warehouse, whether by Wholesale or Retail, the yearly Sum of

Exem ptions.

Any Servant (other than such as are herein specified, and in respect of whom the Mailer is subject to Duty), who shall be really retained or employed for the Purpose of Husbandry, or Manufacture, or of any Trade or Calling, by which the Mailer or Miff refs of such Servant shall earn a Livelihood or Profit, and who shall not at any Time be employed in any Capacity in jrespect of which a Tax is payable for any Servant.

Duty.

£. /. d.

3 3 o

1 1

1 11

2

7

j 2

l7

2

7

3 >3

4 0

0

6

0

0

0

0

0

0

6

0

Male Servants — (Exemptions) — Continued.

Any Servant of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, or any Butler, Cook, Gardener, or Porter of the College of the Holy and Undivided Trinity of Queen Elizabeth near Dublin; or any Servant of the Royal Hospital I near Kilmainham, or of the Blue Coat Hospital, or Lying-in Hospital in Dublin, or of any Hospital or Charitable Institution.

One Servant of any Officer serving in any Regiment of Horse or Dragoons, under the Rank or not receiving the Pay of a Field Officer, provided such Officer retains no more than one Servant; and any Servant of any Officer serving in any Regiment of Artillery, Infantry, or Marines, or Corps of Engineers, Inch Servant being actually a Soldier in the Regiment or Company to which such Officer shall belong; and any Servant of any Officer in His Majesty's Navy, under the Rjnk*of a Mailer and Commander, in actual Employment, such Servant being borne upon the Books of the Ship to which such Officer shall belong.

One Sen-ant of any Officer on Half Pay from His Majesty's Navy, Army, or Marines, provided such Officer shall retain no more than one such Servant, only.

j Duties.

WINDOWS.

For and out of every Tenement or Dwelling House haring more than Six Windows or Lights there shall be paid the several and respective Yearly Rates following; that is to say,

Infefpedtof 7 Windows or Lights -

8 -

9

10 21 12 L34-J5 "

16 -

17 -

jS -

*9-

20 -

21 -

22 — 2 3 -24-2>

And in respect of every Window or Light more than 25 in Number, there shall/ be paid for each such Window or Light the further yearly Rate or Sum of -j

Exemptions and Abatements.

His Majesty's Castle of Dublin, and any House within the Circuit thereof, and any House or Tenement for the Residence of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, or of the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or of the Under Secretaries in his Office; and the College of the Holvand Undivided Trinity of Queen Elizabeth near Dublin; shall be wholly exempt from the said Duties.

Any Warehouse or Workhouse, being a distiiift and fe pa rate Building, and not a part or Parcel of the Dwelling-hour?, nor Shop, nor occupied in Part, nor in the \\ hole as a Dwelling-house, but employed foh ly for the Purpose of lodging Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or for carrying on feme Manufacture or Trade, although the lame may adjoin to, or have internal Communication with, the Dwelling-house, shall be wholly exempted from the said Duties.

If in any House containing Eight Windows or more, any Room or Rooms shall be occupied by any Lodger or Lodgers not paying respectively a Rent exceeding Five Pounds yearly for such Lodging, so much of the Tax on such House, in respect of all the Windows or Lights therein, a* shall in respect of the Windows or Lights in the Part of such House so occupied, exceed One Shilling for each Window or Light, shall be deduced from the whole Charge of such House.

Any Hospital, Charity School, or House provided for the Reception and Relief of poor Persons, or any Gaol, Prison, or Sessions House, or any Hall, Office, or publick Building whatsoever in Ireland, shall not be charged in respc^l of Windows therein, otherwise than in Manner herein after mentioned; that is to lay, all the Dwelling-rooms or Apartment* in any such publick Building, being occupied by any Officer of, or belonging to, or employed in, the fame, by

3C2

Warlv R«te or the House lor the whole Number of Wi iw lows. 1 Rate for each Window.

£. s. d. s. d.

0 10 6 O I 6

0 14 0 O 1'9

0 18 0 O 2 0

I 2 6 O 2 3

i 7 6 O 2 6

1 J3 0 O 2 9

1 19 0 O 3 0

2 S 6 O 3 3

2 12 ( O 3 6

3 ° 0 O 3 9

3 8 0 O 4 0

3 16 6 O 4 3

4 5 6 O'4 6

4 15 0 O 4 9

S 5 °t O S 0

5 15 6 O 5

6 6 61 O 5 r,

6 iH °! O 9

7 10 0 0 6 0

Before Wool, &c. : prohi! ited iV'»m Ij/.pgr exported by

asG.a. c. : js.)

fl ail bo exported fr«.m F upland or Scotland 10 lif .ai d, .Bond tuall be fr'mn for the due KxjHntiuion, a*.I a Licence f*ji.t« d l> v Ue ln>aru ofi uf-K-iui, K .'i

V nrltY

f (.rf-itare of the Wool, YdU, &c.

Bends frvJH* tln'ci ur^'d by ( cH die ate of (> : /ceri the: ot f uniting uLud.

Windows — (Exemptions) — Continued* any Servant of such Officer; and all stich Rooms or Apartments not containing; more than Six Windows or Lights, shall he charged with the Tax in respect of Windows at the Rate of One Shilling for each Window or Light therein; and if such Rooms or Apartments shall contain more than Six Windows or Lights, thtn they shall be charged with the said Tax as if they were an entire House, and the Persons respectively by whom, or by whose Servant, such Rooms or Apartments are or shall be inhabited, shall be chargeable with, or liable to pay the said Taxes, as Occupiers of inhabited Houses are by Law chargeable with, and liable to pay the same.

Any Dwelling House or other Building, in respect of any Window which shall be occupied with, or used for a Loom, which Avail be (landing at such Window, and really used in weaving.

Any Dwelling House wholly occupied as a Boarding School, for the Education of Children, and kept by a Person licensed to keep a School by the Ordinary of the Diocese, or the Justices at Sessions, shall not be charged with any higher Rate of Tax than One Shilling for each Window or Light therein.

CAP. XLIII.

An Act to suspeml until the Eleventh Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, the Payment of all Drawbacks on Spirits made or diddled in Great Britain or Ireland, and exported from either Country to the other respectively.

[27th May 1808.]

[See 47 Geo. $*Jl. 1. r. 20. and Jl. 2. c. 62.]

CAP. XLIV.

An Act to prevent the Exportation of Wool to Ireland, before Bond given for the due landing thereof.

[27th May 180$.]

WHEREAS it is expedient upon the Exportation of Wool to Inland to require the Exporters to take

out a Licence from the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively, andg; ve

Security for the duo landing thereof f be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by ai.d with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Wool, Wooliels, Mortlings, Shortlings, Combed Wool, Woolflocks, or Woollen Bay Yam, Worded Yarn, Cruels, or Wool (lightly manufactured, which are prohibited from being exported by an Act passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, /in Act to explain, amend, and reduce into one /Id of Parliament, several Laws nrse in

beingJ'or preventing the Exportation of Live Sheep, Rams, and Lambs, Wool, Woolf els, Afor flings, Shortlist, Earn, and Worjird Cruels, Coverlids, Waddings, and other Manufactures, or pretended Manufactures, made of Wool Jhyhfly wrought up, or other wise put tngcilu r, so as the fame may be reduced to and made Use of as ll'ul again, Malirajfes, or Bids fluffed with combed Wool, or Wool fit for combing. Fullers Earth, Fulling Clr.r, and Tobacco-pipe Clay, from this Kingdom, and from the Isles of Jcvfey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Mae, imo Foreign Parts; and for rendering more effectual an /let pa fed in the Twenty-third Tear of the Hdgr, of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, 'sin Act for the winding of Wool, 9 Audi be put on board any Ship, Veil'd, or Boat, to he exported to that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, until Notice bo firit given to the Commissioners of the Cuiloms in England and Scotland respectively, or to the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at the Port from which the fame is intended to be sent, of the Quantity, Duality, and Package, together with the Mark, Number, and Weight thereof, with the Name of the Ship and Mailer on board which the said Goods aie to be laden, together with the Name or Names of the Exporter or Exporters thereof, and the Place of his or their Abode, and the Names of the Persons to whom the same are consigned; and also unless a Bond be Aril entered into, to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by such Exporter or Exporters with Two good and fuficient Persons, whereof the Mailer of the Vessel on board which the same shall be exported shall be one, to be approved of by the said Commissioners respectively, or by the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs, in Treble the Value of the said Gooch so intended to be exported, that the same shall (the Dangers of the Seas and Enemies excepted' lie landed accordingly; nor unless a Licence be lirll taken out under the Elands of the Commissioners or Chief Managers of the Cuiloms in England and Scotland respectively, for the Time being, or any Throe of them, or from the Cullomer or Collector and Comptroller of the Customs where any such Bond is fer the lading, carrying, and landing thereof as aforesaid, which Licence they are hereby required to grant without any Fee or Reward, or any other Charge to the Person demanding the lame, any Law, Statute, or Usage, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding: And if any Wool or other of the hud last mentioned Goods shall he carried or laden on board any Ship, Vessel, Bottom, or Boat, in order to be exported to Ireland before such Bond shall be entered into, and such Licence taken out as aforesaid, then all such Wool and other such last mentioned Articles, or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited, together with the Ship, Veil'-1, Bottom, or Boat in which such Goods shall be laden or put on buard, and all the Guns, Ammunition, Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture of or belonging to such Ship, Veiled, Bottom, or Boat, for the Benefit of the Person or Persons lirll informing thereof.

IT And be it further enacted, That the Bonds herein-before directed to be entered into on the flipping of the said Wool, and other the said Articles, Audi not be discharged until a Certificate under the Hand ai d Seal of the proper Officer of the Cnfloms, at the Port or Place in Ireland whrf5*the fan e Audi have been landed, cxprcfQng the Quantity, Quality, and Package, Marks, Number^ and Mailer, out of

wiii'.b

A.D. 180S. 48 GEORGII III. C. 44"47* 377

which such Wool and other the said Articles were landed, shall be produced to and left with the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs of the Port from whence the said Goods were shipped, and which Certificate the proper Officers of the Port or Place in Ireland at which such Wool and other the said Articles shall be landed, are hereby required to give the Matter or Commander of the Ship or Vessel from which the same shall be landed without Fee or Reward, when the same shall be requested; and that all such Bonds as shall remain undischarged by such Certificate for the Space of Six Calendar Months shall be transmitted to the Commi(Goner* of the Customs at London and Edinburgh respectively, who are hereby required to put them in Suit immediately, unless Proof shall be made to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners respectively for the Time being, that such Wool and other the said Articles were taken by Enemies or perittied in the Seas.

CAP. XLV.

An Act for defraying, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland; for holding Courts Martial on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, for Offences committed during the Time such Militia shall not be embodied, and for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace.

[27th May i8a8.j]

[&/ 43 Geo. 3. c. 88. to which this Act is Jimil&r, mutatis mutandis.]

CAP. XLVI.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight.

[27th May 1808.]

[This is in all Reflects fimllar to 47 Geo. 3. Jl. 2. c. 29. mutatis mutandis. — See 45 Geo. 3. c. 62.]

and References there. J

CAP. ' XLVII.

An Act for quieting Possessions and confirming defective Titles in Ireland, and limiting the Right of the Crown to sue in Manner therein mentioned; and for the Relief of Incumbents in respect of Arrears due to the Crown, during the Incumbency of their Predecessors.

[27th May 1808.]

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act made in the Twenty-fir, ! Tear nf the Reign of King James the ' Kirjly intituled, An Act for the general Quiet (f the Subjects again/I all Pretences of Concealment what j never f 4 it was enacted, that the Ring's Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, should not implead for any Manors,

Lands, or Hereditaments whereon tire Right to such Lands, Manors or Hereditaments did not or should not have accrued within Sixty Years next before the Commencement of any Suits intt tuted in respect of the fame:

And whereas it is expedient to limit in like Manner the Right and Title of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in and to all Manors, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Tythes and Hereditaments (except Liberties and Franchises) in Ireland to Sixty Years next before the Commencement of any Suit or Proceeding for the fame, aid to secure to all FI is Majesty's Subjects the free and quiet Enjoyment of all Manors, Lands, Tenements,

Rents, Tythes, and Hereditaments which they or those under whom they claim reipefh'veiy have held or enjoyed, or whereof they have taken the Rents, Revenues, IiTucs or Profits for the Space of Sixty Years

next before the Commencement of any Suit or Proceeding for the fame; ' wherefore be it enacted by the King's mo ft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the King's Mujctty, His Heirs or Successors, shall not at any Time hereafter sue, impeach, question or implead any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate in Ireland, for or in any wise concerning any Manors, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Tythes, or Hereditaments whatsoever (other than Liberties or Franc!.ifes) or for or in any wise Concerning the Revenues, 1 lines, or Profits thereof, or make any Title, Claim, Challenge or Demand of, in, or to the lame or any of them, by reason of any Right or Title which hath not first .accrued or grown, or which shall not hereafter first accrue or grow within the Spare of Sixty Years next before the filing, issuing, or commencing of every such Action, Bill, Plaint, Information, Commission or other Suit or Proceeding, as shall at any Time or Times hereafter he filed, issued, or commenced for recovering the lame or in respect thereof, unless his Majesty, or some of his Progenitors, Predecessors, Heirs or Successors, or feme other Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, under whom his Majesty, 11 is Heirs or Successors, any Thing hath or lawfully claimeth, or shall have or lawfully claim, have or shall have been in the actual Seiiiu thereof, or have or shall have been answered by force and virtue of any Right or Title to the fame, the Rents, Revenues, Iffucs, or Profits thereof, or the Rents, I flues, or Profits of any Flonors, Manors, or other Hereditaments, whereof the Premises in question shall he Part or Parcel, within the said Space of Sixty Years, or that the fame have or shall have been duly in charge to His Majesty, or some of His Progenitors, Predecessors or Anc*ttors, Ilcirs or Successors, within the said Space of Sixty Years: And that all and every Person or Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, their Heirs and Assigns, and ail claiming by, from, or under the m or any of them, (or and according to their and every of their n vcral Estates and Interests which they have or claim to have, or shall or may have or claim to have in the lame receptively, shall at all Times hereafter qnietly and freely have, hold, and enjoy, agninfl his Majesty, His

irs and Successors, claiming by any Title which hath not first accrued or grown, or which shall not hereafter firit accrue or grow within the said Space of Sixty Years, all and (jugular Manors, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Tythes and Hereditaments whatsoever vexccpt Liberties and Franehiks) which he or they, or his or their or any of their Ancestors or Predecessors, or those from by or under whom they do or shall claim, or shall have held or enjoyed or taken the Rents, Revenues, Lines or Profits thereof by the Spa^cjf L^xty \ears next

Brit. A<tt,

(J. a. r. 16,

atfirtiJing

iii-Jac. a. c. 0.

in'! Majfifty ft: .11 not lac

i: i lr< Ian.! any I'll ito withe HLdit hath iH'i aecrm il, m* llifill frft a vi ao u it fun <io

Ik \ioie till*

('omrri*'i»o*, meni oliuch Sum

n

Thr

quirti <1 on Un of 6 J Vcat5.

n

78

In what CalW the Knits and Profits of Eftairts shall be denned in charge.

K< versions or llnnainders in the (tjwii of any IaikIs shall tiot he imp ached by this Act, till 60 Years after the ])ettrminuu' -n of the particular Eihte.

panels shall he bidden oi tile ( rown upon the uftial Tenures, Nrvice$, ar.ji Duties.

IVhrre Rents tba'i he paid to (he K'ng vsithin t>u Year', they shall remain p-eiiji#.

lernmhenfji of p.-'t du es shall Iio, he liable 10 Arrears of C von h lb uts urn ntd h< lore tunr 1th. um-U, : v.

C. 47, 48. 48° GEORGII III. A.D. 1808.

before the filings issuing or commencing of ever)' such A6Tion, Bill, Plaint, Information, Commission or other Suit or Proceeding, as shall at any Time or Times hereafter be hied, issued or commenced for recovering the fame, or in respect thereof, unless his Majesty, or some of his Progenitors, Predeeessors or Ancellors, Heirs or Successors, or some other Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, by, from, or under whom His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, any Thing hath or lawfully claimeth, or shall have or lawfully claim in the said Manors, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Tythes, or Hereditaments, by force of any Right or Title have or shall have been in the actual Scilin thereof, or have been or shall have been answered by virtue of any such Right or Title, the Rents, Revenues, issues, or other Profits thereof, within the said Space of Sixty Years, or that the fame have or shall have been duly in charge as afore find within the said Space of Sixty Years.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where the Rents, Revenues, IfTucs or Profits of any Manors, Lands, Tenements, Tythes or Hereditaments are or shall be in charge, by, to, or with any Auditor or Auditors, or proper Officer or Officers of the Revenue, such Rents, Revenues, issues and Profits shall be held, deemed and taken to be duly in charge within the Intent and Meaning of this Act; any Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. P rovided always, That this Act or any Thing herein contained flvill not extend to bar, impeach, or binder his Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, of, for, or from any Manors, Tenements, Rents, Tythes or Hereditaments, whereof any' Reversion or Remainder now is in His Majesty, for or concerning the said Reversion or Remainder, nor of, for, or from any Reversion or Remainder or Possibility of Reversion or Remainder in any of His Majesty's Progenitors, Predeeessors or Ancellors, which by the Expiration, End, or other Determination of any limited Estate of Fee Simple, or of any Fee Tail or other particular Estate, hath or ought to have iirft fallen or become in Possession, or which shall or may or ought hereafter fir it to fall or come in Poffollion within the Space of Sixty Years next before the filing, issuing or commencing of any such Action, Bill, Plaint, .Information, Commission, or other Suit or Proceeding, or shall at any Time or Times hereafter be filed, issued, or commenced for recovering the fame or in respect thereof; nor of, for, or from any Right or Title fir It accrued or grown to His Majesty, or any of His Progenitors, Predeeessors or Ancellors, or which shall first accrue or grow to His Majesty, or any of His Heirs or Successors, of, in, or to any Manors, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Tythes or Hereditaments, at any Time or Times within the Space of Sixty Years next before the filing, issuing, or commencing of any such Action, Bill, Plaint, Information, Commission, or other Suit or Proceeding, as shall at any Time or Times hereafter be Jiled, ifined or commenced for recovering the fame or in respect thereof, and not before.

IV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That all and Angular the said Manors, Lands, Tenements, Tythes and Hereditaments, shall at all Times hereafter be holden of his Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and of other Person or Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, their Heirs and Successors respectively, by the fame Tenures, Services, Fee Farms, Chief Rents, Quit Rents, Heriots, and other Duties, to all Intents and Purposes as the fame should or ought of right to have been holden if the Estates, Rights and Interestscllablished and made lure by this present Act had been before the making of this Act firm and effectual in Law: Saving to every Person and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, their Heirs and Successors (other than His most Excellent Majesty, Elis Heirs and Successors) all such Rights, Title, Interest, Estate, Rents, Cowmens, Cuiloms, Duties, Profits, and other Claims and Demands whatsoever, into or out of the said Manors, Lands, Tenements, Tythes or Hereditaments, as they or any of them had or ought to have had before the passing of this Act; any Thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where any Fee Farm Rent, or other Rent or Rents have been or shall be answered and actually paid to the King's Majesty, or to any of Fiis Predeeessors, Heirs or Successors, within the Space of Sixty Years next belore any Action, Bill, Plaint, Information, Commission, or other Suit or Proceeding shall at any Time or Times hereafter be filed, issued or commenced for recovering the lame, or in respect thereof, out of any Manors, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, or Hereditaments, of which Manors, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, or Hereditaments, the Estates, Rights or Interests being 'defective, are established and made fare by this present Act, that His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, shall from henceforth for ever have, hold, and enjoy the said Rents and Arrearages thereof in such Manner and Form and as fully and as amply as the same are or were enjoyed at any Time within the said Space of Sixty Years.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Rents or other Dues in the Nature or Lieu of Rents now are or shall hereafter become due and payable to his Majesty, Flis Heirs and Successors, out of or chargeable upon any Rectories, Vicarages, Curacies or other Ecclesiastical Benefices, or payable by the Rectors, Vicars, Curates, or other Ecclesiastical Persons, the Incumbents thereof respectively having respectively actual Cure ot Souls, such Rectors, Vicars, Curates, or other Ecclesiastical Persons, or any oi them, shall not be subject or liable to, or compellable to pay or satisfy to Flis Majesty, His Heirs or Si ceeilors, any Arrear or Arrears of such Rent or Rents, or other Dues which shall have accrued or ilull hereafter accrue due and payable before the accruing of the Title of such Rector, Vicar, Cerate or other Ecclesiastical Person to Inch Rediories, Vicarages, Curacies or oilier Ecclesiastical Benefices aforesaid; and that no Ditlrels, Action, Suit or other Proceeding whatsoever shall be made, brought, commenced or prosecuted against any Inch Rector, Vicar, Curate, or other Ecclesiastical Person during his Life, or ag&infc his Lands, Tenements, Goods or Chattels after lus Death, for any such Arrear or any Part thereof.

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act to enable His Majesty's Postmaster General of Ireland to purchase Premises for the Enlargement.of the General Poll Office in the City of Dublin.

[27th Maii8o3,]

" Irish Act, 23 & 24 G, 3. c. 17. and British Act, 24 G. 3. c. 6. recited.^-^Poflmafleij General of Inland + empowered to JT-u tract for the Purchase of Buildings, &c. for Office. §1.

In

A.D. 1808.

48° GEORGII III.

C. 48, 49. 379

In case the Parties cannot agree, Value of Premises shall be afeertafned by a Jury. §2. On Payment of M Purchase Money, Conveyances cf Premises shall be made to the Pollmaster General. 3. Guardians and Persons seized of Premises for Life, empowered to convey the fame. §4. Such Conveyances shall he w valid. $ 5. In case Parties refuse to execute Conveyances, Court of Chancery empowered to convey. §6.

Penalties shall be recovered by Civil Bill. $ 7"

CAP. XLIX.

An Act for accelerating the making up, Examination, and Audit, of the Accounts of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces. f 7t]i 1808.]

WHEREAS an Act was pa-Ted in the Forty-firth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An 4.s G. 3. c. ss. 4 V? A^l to repeal an Act made ir. the I oventy-third Year 'f His present lMajfly, for the belter Regulation of (repealin'

'- - r*' ' ' ".so.)

4 in the Twenty-feco.j

*12 C. 3. c. 8l. regaled.

i expedient that an Act, paiiod Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of Pay wader General of His i\L 7//, 's Forces, should be repealed; be it therefore enacted by the Kuig's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Pari .'ament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act the said recited Act, passed in the Twenty-fccoud Year of His present Majesty's Reign, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacLd, That so much of the said recited Act of the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of 4 »G.3. c. 5#. Jis present Myjeilv a? regulates the Mode of in king up the Accounts of the Pa\ mailer General for the Ihme § r>» 8, 9. a.s to ring, and of transmitting the same to the Commifioivr* for auditing the publick Accounts for Examination, P'1'1 "

Hi:

being, and of transmitting the lame to the UommiJiioiVr* for auutting tue pul

and of declaring the farr.e, and of acquitting the said Paymnder thereupon; and also the making out and keeping the Accounts for Army Services in Places beyond the Cap' ff Good Hope, or Cape Horn, and transmitting the same to the said Commissioners for auditing the publick Accounts for Examination, and declaring the fame, and making out Acquittances for the fame, shall he and the fame is hereby repealed as to all Accounts to be made up and transmitted for Periods subsequent to the Twenty-fourth Hay of December One thousand eight hundred and seven.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act the P.ivmnfter General shall make up an Annual Account, ending on the Twenty-fourth Day of December in each Year, of all Monies received and Payments made by him within the Period of the said Account, to be intituled, " The General Annual Account of the Pavmaller General of His Majesty's Forces; M in which Account the Pavmaller General shall charge himself with the Balance actually transferred to his Account at the Bank of England from the Account of the preceding Payimiiter General, or with the Balance brought forward from his Account for the Year preceding (as the Case may be) and also with all Sums carried to his Account at the Bank within the Period of the Account; and all luck Balances and Sums of Money shall be Hated in the Accotmt so to be made up, in the Order in which they were actually, in point of Time, placed to the Account of stich Paymalicr General with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England; and the said Pavmaller General shall ila!e, on the Credit Side of lueh Account, all Sums paid by him within the Period of the said Account, under or in pursuance of any Act of Parliament, or by virtue or in p u ri nance of any Warrant under His Ma: elly*s Royal Sign Manual, or of any Warrant granted by the Lord ligli Treasurer, or.Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or the Secretary at War, and shall nl!o, in Inch General Annua! Account, place on the Credit Side thereof ail Sums of Money issued to or transferred to the Account of any Person or Persons for the Payment of Half-pay, or of Pensions on the Compassionate LIII, or the Ellablkhment of Clef a Hospital; and also all Suunsof Money paid by him on account of any B Us drawn by any of his Deputies on Foreign Stations under the Warrant of any Officer commanding in Chief on fuefi Foreign Stations respective.'y; a d all Moires paid or remitted to any fut h Deputy or Deputies; and all lueh Sums shall be hated in the Aecdu its in the Order in which lueh Bills were paid, or such Monies paid, issued, transferred, or remitted as atoivlaid.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That at the Time of making up such C.enerai Annual Account as aforesaid, the said Pavmailer General Hull make up also separate Accounts of Monies received and paid within the Period comprized in the said General Account, 0: 1 account of Ilalf-Pay, and of Chelfa Hospital, and of Peiiltous 0: 1 the Compassionate LIII reflectively; and in every such Lpar.tt? Account the

Balance reman ' r - r i'v - 1...'*K"^fIjr K

Eflahiifunent

from Time to _ ..__________,

and which shall have been so inftrted in the General Account as before direcVd on the Credit Side thereof, iluil ^'u< be placed on the Debit Side of such separate Accounts respectively; and all particular Payments made out 1 f any Sums of Money so placed on the Debit Side of such separate Accounts respectively, for which proper Vouchers shall be produced, oil account of Half-Pay, Che If a Hospital, or Petitions on the Companionate LIII, Ih ill be placed on the Credit Side thereof; and all such Receipts and Payments shall be dated in such separate Accounts under each respective Head, in the Order, in point of Time, in which the fame respectively took place.

V. And be it further enacted, That the General Annual Account of the Pavmaller General for the Time being, so made up as aforesaid, together with such separate Annual Accounts of Half Pay, Eilab'illim^nt of ClJjea Hospital, and Pensions on the Compassionate LIII, for each Year ending on the Twenty-fourth Day of December,

up and att'litiiij PavinaO# r*9 Accounts* repealed.

Puymaster ftuH make up

Accounts to 29th. V tx-emlier, «nni|, illy. in tlift Mode hereby prescriberU

Sr parade \c-

> .Mills fh.d, }*tin- ta-n* i'«-v -T !» nn<lt up <-i fl.il ho, ( lie!-and

lining from the Account of the preceding Year, applicable to the Payment of Half-Pay, or of the f, n.fuuh an t of Chi!sea Hospital, or of Pei, lions on the Compassionate LIII respectively, and all Monies placed iVuiio; i*ou > Time to the Account of such Services respectively, within the Period of the General Account, < < npdhouate

Mm'Ic of tr.\r, C-the said Accounts u> Audiiur'i Odke#

3 So

ofthoir drcWin?; and giving Quietus u['on t'uch Accounts; with-o\.t waimijj for Voucher* from Deputy Pav-ihiltersonhneign 'Jtati'jas.

Accounts of Deputy Pay-mailers for

Smiops vn K«rei«; n StaiiouH

ftwll Ue made up nithin IS Months; tmnf-initted to

A editor's OfKce, an.l Htdared, and a Quietus thereon.

Further Accounts under Orders of the Tr^afu rv.

Mode of ex a-mini nit^<*(l-Iwdia Accounts t< < cmittnue as tAtder 4b G. 3. c. 80.

Making up At counts, and transferring

Fatanee on the Death or Kc-nit>* d ot a l*ay-rri tn r» within the \eux.

Ftymaster in hil first Monthly1 etm aial lluill state his Balance and the outran ding Draft* thereon only. f/Vf* 4 5 (J.' 3,

C. 49, 53. 48° GEORGII III. A.D. 1808.

December, with p?of*r Vouchers, shall, within Three Months after the Twenty-fburth Day of December in each Year, be transmitted to the Commissioners for auditing the publick Accounts, who shall and they are hereby directed and required, with the lead possible Delay after the Receipt thereof, to examine orcaufetobe examined the fame; avid shall discharge the said Paymaster General of all Sums paid in pursuance of any Act of Parliament or Warrant as aforesaid; and the said Commissioners shall, after such Examination, and without waiting for Vouchers of Payments made by the Paymasters General through their Deputies on Foreign Stations, present or cause to be presented to the proper Officer for Declaration, the said General and separate Annual Accounts as aforesaid, specifying the Amount dischargedby proper Vouchers, and the Amount with which the Paymaster General ft ill remains charged for the Year, on account of Payments made by their Deputies on Foreign Stations as aforesaid, and also specifying the vSums of Money with which the Paymaster General is to remain charged for the succeeding Year on account of Balances (if any) remaining on such General and separate Annual Accounts as aforesaid; and when such Account so discharged by proper Vouchers as aforesaid shall be declared, a Quietus or Acquittance in the usual Form shall be made out to the Paymaster General, his Heirs, Executors, and Administrators for such Account so declared as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Paymaster General shall make up, in like Manner, another Annual Account, ending the Twenty-fourth Day of December in each Year, to be intituled, " Tire Annual Account of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, for Monies paid " within the Period of the said Account by his Deputies on Foreign Stations; " which Account shall be transmitted to the Commissioners for auditing the publick Accounts as far as the fame can be made up, within Eighteen Mouths after the Period of the said Account; and the said Commissioners for auditing the publick Accounts shall and they are hereby directed and required, with the lea.it possible Delay, to examine or eause to be examined the fame, and shall discharge the said Paymaster General of all Sums of Money paid by any Deputy on any Foreign Station under the Warrant of the Officer commanding in Chief on such Foreign Station, and as soon as the same shall have been examined, the said Commissioners shall in like Manner present such Account for Declaration, specifying the Sums of Money with which the Paymaster General is to remain charged for the succeeding Year, on account of Balances, if any remaining on such Account; and when such Account, discharged by proper Vouchers as aforesaid, shall be declared, a Quietus or Acquittance in the usual Form shall be made out to the Paymaster General, his Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, for such Account so declared as aforesaid, and the Paymaster General shall remain charged in his Account of the following Year, with such Balances, if any, on such Annual Accounts reflectively, as Tull have been so specified as aforesaid: Provided always that the Paymaster General shall at the same Time that he transmitsto the Commissioners for auditing the publick Accounts such Annual Accounts so made up as aforesaid, traafnvit to them any Accounts for the same Year made up in such other Manner as the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury shall direct, for the greater Convenience of Examination and Audit.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall be construed to vary or alter the Mode of examining the Account of any Deputy Paymaster in the West Indies or on the Continent of South America, as directed by an Act of the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to provide for the more effectual Examination of Accounts of the Expenditure of the publick Money in the West Indies, and for the better Discovery of Frauds and Abuses therein.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in the Event of the Death, Resignation or Removal of the Paymaster General, in the course of the Year, the Account shall be so made up as to include and distinguish the actual Payments of each Paymaster General within the Year, and to specify and distinguish the respeilite Balances, if any remaining, on the Death or Removal of any Paymaster General on his several Accounts aforesaid, and transferred over to the succeeding Paymaster General, so as to enable the Commissioners for auditing the pul lick Accounts to distinguish each Account, and examine and declare the Accounts of any Paymaster General, lb dying or going out of Office, as a separate and distinct Account; and the Transfer of such Balances to any succeeding Paymaster General shall be a sufficient Discharge to the Heirs, Executors, or Administrators of any Paymaster General so dying, or to any Paymaster General going out of Office, for the Amount of iWh Balances; and a Quietus and full Acquittance shall be given to the Heirs, Executors, or Administrators of any Paymaster General so dying, or to the Paymaster General, or PI is Heirs, Executors, or Administrators ib going out of Office, for his General Account and several and distinct Accounts as aforesaid, when and.as soon as the same shall have been examined and declared; and the succeeding Paymaster General shall become charged with the Balances so transferred as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act the Paymaster General, in the first Memorial in every Month presented by him to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury for Supplies of Money, shall insert in such Memorials the Balance of publick Money on his Account in the Hands of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, together with an Account of all Exchequer Bills delivered to the Paymaster General which shall not have been disposed of, and the Produce thereof carried to his Account at the Bank, together with an Account of all outstanding Drafts with which such Balance is chargeable, without Bating- any Claims or other Demands upon the said Balance; any Thing in the said recited Act of the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty to the contrary notwithstanding.

" Act may be altered this Session. §10."

CAP. L.

An Act to suspend the granting of Offices in Reversion, or for joint Lives with Benefit of Survivorfbif, for One Year after the passing of this Act, and from thence until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament..[27th il/ny 18: 8.]

A.D. 1808.

A Q°

40

GEORGII in.

5° 5 S'

381

WHEREAS it is expedient for the Public Service, with a view to Inquiries now depending' in the*}'*IJoufe of Commons, that the granting of Offices in Reversion, or for joint Lives with Prcnefit of ' Survivorship, should be suspended for a limited Time; May it therefore pkafe Your Majesty that it may be e. ac: eJ; and be it emuHed by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in tfiis present Parliament assembled, a .cl by the Authority of the same, That for one Year after the passing of this Art, and from thence until Six Weeks after the ( omnie; cement of the then next Session of Parliament, no Office, Place, Employment or Salary, within I lbs M 'i nlv's Powntions, nor any Emoluments arifi.ig therefrom, (1ij!1 be granted in Reverirtn, or rorjoi.it Lives Heacht M Survivorship, or f*r any Two or more Lives i.) Suceelhon, by His M.ykvy, Ilio Heirs and Seecdibrs, or by any 13 nrc!-or Department of Government, or by any Chief Judge or C iiicti or any Cotut of Lavr or Equity, or Eecf lirthert or Admiralty Court; Except as is Ik m i: i-; »ster exempted.

II. And be it fnrth.er uuu'.Ld, That every Grant or Appointment which may Hriafter be mr.de contrary to the tree latent and Meaning of this Act shall be, and the lame is hereby declared to be 10 all Litents and P* rpnfcp void.

j 1 L And be it furthercmrrted, that all Salary and Emolument received under any such Grant or Aproi 'trreut f' J be forfeited, and may be reein .ed by1 nformntumi in ti e Comt of Exchequer, at the Sint of His hi >ly\ Attune, y General, to the I he ul Hi j MajetLv, HR Heirs and Successors.

Hv. Provided always, '1 hat nothing h*rci.j co.-tained shall extern! or bo conftreel to extend t<> p^l'.ib't or j v./id any (7rant or A pyobitmea* made or to be made by any Chief Judge or Officer of any Court of Law H'Jy, <; r Ecelefi dbcal or Admit.illy Court, or by any Arch hilltop cr Pi'h. p of any See, h: Idn-g Mrh

Ji*orth ig (»f tins Art, or by nev Officer or Officers appointed onto he !r. any Pei .\>n or Pm ions leiv»ng Power to Pppeiet to Oiiices in the said it in any <>5 the said Court? wide' b fore the paning of this

or Eijuu v, <; r Ecelefi illieal or Admit.

A pMetnn i t or Olive 0: 1 th*Day el t; «trd by any Inch Chi rt Jud y C*r: ?'. j\l Eon to any Ostia* or, \^poi itmmit m a.iy <d the feed Cnurt? weoeft h> 'ore the p A t T"!; J t 1 Law be granted in Keversion, or fur joint Live.' wit!: Pcn.-ftt < fS; : -v; \'ji fffip; nor to prohibit the Appuffitment of Allulants and Sweet Huts to the Parochial Clergy or Ando: .'.

CAP. LI.

A: i Art for making Allowances in certain CaiVs to Subaltern Officers of the Miiiti.i in 6V, .?/ Britain, while dilYir.bouicd.

[27th May 1808.]

[//; ail Rrjy-fls th: j'amc ns 47 (ho. Z. c. 32. mutatis mu'ettuiis. j

No Office, ft', rr, or Janj lovrurnt ft-.J! 1.- i.nvwsi in lit vt iJiwii or tui joint Lives.

Gi"Mit» ir.io'e

rural .IV «\» ihi»

A'-i yoni.

f*.i!.ir.«.s, ive.

riiriwel nmirr lu- i< ( iaats ffi. lit.- !.

run o frt (e fit-; I y

i-Mlli'i; ' J*3,

Scotch Clei

CAP. IJf.

An Act to revive and continue, until the Twenty-fifth H >y of Marsh One thousand eight hundr.d and nine, anti amend so much of an Act, made in the Ibiitv-nimh and Eoitiuh Years o' Il: s pr*'"nt Majesty, as grants Certain Allowances to A ' jutrnts at.d Serjeant Majors of the Militia ot LngLwJy disembodied under an Act of the l.nr.eSJ!. n ot parliament.

[27th May 1808.]

fffir 42 G. 3 c. 6}. to which this /Ul is fa.: !vtvuuls mutandis.]

CAP. LIII.

An ?\rt for rnifing the Sum of Three Millions by Exchequer Elils, for the Service of Great Ihi/rtn for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight.

[27th /lay 1808.]

u Tivr.fmy mav rpife ^.oco, coo/, by Loans and Exchocp.mr Pi!r. in like Mar.nor as R prefuib' d by 48 C. 5. u c. 1. - 1, 2. I j) tin v It % i. p'r Cst.sum f>r /Irnum, fro.n 3 Ajril, 1808 n: ? y. R R*yoarlv until 6 Mnitlis aiur Ratiiieation of a Definitive Treaty ot Peace, y 3. Said Pills if not dnlypanl off, /1..J1 bear Ir.tcrdl of 5 jar u (mt. c 4. When the 3rr Co/. Coufid; shall be So/, fer (hut. ornusv, th- laid Pills shall bec -mc payable,

" Ac. J 5. Jjank of EtyKiml authorized to advance the said Sum on the Credit of EiA Art. y d.

CAP. LIV.

An Act for raising the Sum of One Million five huiuireii thorf.nd P mods, by Exrb. cjin r Tdils, for the S.n ice of Great Lritr.ti for the Year On: tboiil'ind iglit biL.dn d ami < ight. [A 'td .May ibed.l u Tivafury m; iv rai! i.eo o, oco/. by Loans and Ivxchequer I. I!; in like A fa. uu r ns is pr.de; d- d by e 8 ('. 3.

" r. !. - . ?, 2. S.dd Rdls dirt! be paid out of the lord tvapphw in j.ext Sciuoii. f 3. Eaten ft 7l. /» r C. -.f/r " /' a, C 4. Said P l!s may be taken ia Pay meet of t he 0 veu Sc. ri!: .--r /Uril c. 1: Vo. 5. Tank of

" E..0r.'.'/.'{/authorized to advance the said Sum on the Credit of tins Art., 6. Act may be after*, d; aR S fdo : . y 7."

CAP. LY.

An Act for repealing the Duties of A lie fled Taxe?, ami granting new Duties in ILu thereof, and certain -additional Duties to be Consolidated therewith; ami rdfo for lvncming the Stamp Duties on Gam* Cmifir.iter, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof, to be placed under the M.nngemenc 0: the Commissioners for the Adairs of Taxes. fid yaw i8e8.]

' Mud Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your bltij.llyV mull dutiful and loyal Sub; flu, the Commons of the TV'twl Kingdom of Great Bt.Uiin and Ireland in Parliament rdbunblfd, thinking it expedient that the Dm»es granted by 'Jhvo 1 A: R of the Forty-third and Eorty-iiith Years of the IE; c; u of Your M.jvfiy, ikoiihl be coniRhdated with 4S Geo. III. 3D the

W

4) G.a. r. i«i, 0 G. J. c. 1 v?.

382

46 G. 3. c. 5 8.

Putif* in tit?

JvheiluVtJ 1 A to I K ftuUi; ..Gil iti 1v: \'i ut Lousier Puvira.

Former Duties rojxalod.

4J G. 3. c. 161.

45 G. 3. C. 13.

46 G. 3. c. 7*.

Duties "ranted by th'u Act Until lie levied un.lt r the U< "illations O? -13 G. 3. r. 1 (»l. as alto Duties rcjHaled, which have not been duly »harmed, and An t ars ul iaid Duties.

Pu'ifs in rrfpt'il ol hiHh»n- (iams

fvhulale; L.»

TV mm flJi he

a»V; ted and collated, id. tlVitri tilt*

I'oar-Ts of the 1* Uo.vin,; Acts, viz. -13 G.3. r. 99.

43 G, 3. C. 150.

C. 55. 48" GEORGII III. A.D. 1808.

the additional Duties granted on the Amount of the said Duties, by an Act of the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of Your Majesty, have, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray Your Majesty's Publick Expmices, and making a permanent addition to the Publick Revenue of Great Britain, freely and voluntarily

refoived to grant certain additional Duties, to be also consolidated with the said former Duties, in the Manner and to the Amount contained in the respective Schedules hereunto annexed; and we do most humbly beieecb Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Kurds Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of Afrit One thousand eight hundred and eight, in that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, and Town of B rwuk-upon'i <zi'e: dand from and after the Term of Whitsunday One thousand eight hundred and eight, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, in lieu and inllcad of the Duties granted Ly oi: contained in the said fever.il recited Acts, and herein after repealed, and for the Purpose of making such permanent Increase as aforesaid, there shall b»* a defied, raised, levied, and paid unto and for the Use of his Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, upo.i Huufci, Windows, and Lights, as set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed; marked (A.); and upon Inhabited Houses as let forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked; B.); and upon all Male Servants and other Mule Persons retained or employed by any Person or Persons in any of the several C ipacilies mentioned in the Sch- dule to this Act. annexed, marked (C.); and upon all Carriages of any of the Dwoipthms mentioned in any of the Schedules to this Act annexed, marked (D.); and upon all Hones,

and Geldings, kept by any Person or Persons for any of the Purposes mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked \E.); and upon all other Horses, Mares, or Geldings, not before charged, and upon Maks, described in the Schedule to this A (it annexed, marked (F.); and upon all Dogs of any of the Dru riptions mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (G.); and upon all riorfe Dealers ivti bug within the respective Limits described in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (H.); and upon all Perk'T.s iti respect of wearing or iifing H i r Powder, or any Armorial Hearings or Eufigns, as respectMy f l forth in the ScJrGnles to this Act rcipectively annexed, marked (I.) and ( K.) the several new and Coniolid.i'.rd Datits resp' Ctively inserted, dcienhed, and set forth ii the said several Schedules respectively mark'd as aiorcJaid; which levcrr-l Schedules, and the Duties th -rein respectively contained, and the Rules the* it respectively mentioned, shall be deemed and conlirucd a Part of this Act, as if the fame were incorporated therewith, and under a special Enactment.

II. And be it further exuded, That the Duties contained in the several Schedules annexed to the fai-J Ad. passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, an Act for rtotaling the fgeari Duties under the id a nag men I of the Conimifioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and granting new Dudes /.; /A thereof for granting tn w Ditfhs in certain Cases therein mentioned, for repealing the Duties of Excfe on Lknuts, and on Carriages corf Cud d fry Coarhniakers, and granting neao Duties thereon, unfit r the Management of the f: U Cumnii [loners for the /fairs of Taxes, and alfj new Duties on Persons filing Car singes la; Auciiw a ok (Anungjhm; and also the Dutus contained in the Schedule annexed to the fa; d Act, passed in the Forty-ff: a Year of the Reign of lbs prelect Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His, JUtfeJiy additional })/-, in Great Britain, on I forges used for ruling, or J or drawing certain Carriages, and for corf didntirg th; [cA additional Duties with the pr.fnl Duties thereon; and also the Duties contained in the said Act, passed in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reig 1 of LI is present Majesty, shall, at and upon the respective Periods appointed for the Commencement of the Duties granted by this Act, iewrully cease and determine: Save always 2l.d except the several Powers, Provisions, dailies, Penalties, Matters, and Things contained in the hid mentioned Act of the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for ascertaining, a/Hlig, collecting, levying, paving and accounting for the said Duties, which Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Penalties, Matters, and Tilings shall be and are hereby respectively continued in full Force and Effect for the ascertaining, aiTclTing, collecting, levying, paying, and accounting for the Duties granted by this Act; save also and excat in all Cales relating to the ascertaining and assessing any of the said Duties hereby repealed, which at any Tisra atter the respective Periods before mentioned for the Commencement of the Duties granted by this Act, (hdl not have been charged within the Year for which the said Duties ought to have been charged; and also farcaad except as to the recovering, collecting, paying, or accounting for any Arrears of the several Duties hereby repealed, which may remain unpaid at the said Periods relptdivcJy as aforesaid; end any Penalties or Forfeitures then incurred.

" Stamp Duty on Game Licences under 44 G. 3. c. 98. repealed from June 30, lSc8. §3."

IV. And be it further enacted, That in lieu of the Duties hereby repealed, there shall be annually afulfed, raised, levied, and paid, to and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, upon every IVrloa r.ho shall, alter the Thirtieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, use any Dog, Gm: , or Net, or other Engine, for any of the Purposes mentioned in the Schedule marked (L.) to this Act a iiiexed, hie respective Duties therein rcipectively mentioned and set forth; which Schedule, and the Duties and links therein contained, shall be deemed and construed to be a Part of this Act as if the fame were incorporated therewith under a special Enactment.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Consolidated and New Duties shall be alTe/Ied, raised, lcvaJ, paid and accounted for, under the Provisions and Regulations of the several Acts herein-a/Lr mentis? rd pdpfdively, and as the same are respectively applicable to Great Britain, or the respective Parts of Gust tin-tain before mentioned; videlicet, One Ad paired in the Forty-third Year of tile Reign of his j refeut Mijetiv, intituled, an Act for corfoli dating certain of the Provisions contained in any ylft or ylds relating to the Dutus ur, .sir the Management oj the C'aim fjtuners for the ylffairs of f axes, and fur amending the same; One other Act, passed in the same Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, /n ylcifor consolidating certain tj fe Ptgr ifons contained in any Ad or ylds relating to the Duties under the Management of the CmmijCners prff

4'

A.D. 1808.

48° GEORGII III.

55-

33

Affairs of Taxes, rfW for amending the said Acts so far as the same relate to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; One other Act, passed in the same Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act 43G. 3. c. 16l. for repealing the fever a I Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of 'Taxes, arid granting rifw Duties in lieu thereof; for granting new Duties in certain Cases therein mentioned; for repealing the Duties of F.xcise on Licences, and on Carriages conjlruded by Coachmakers, and granting new Duties thereon, under the Management of the said Commtff oners for the Affairs of Taxes; and also new Duties on Persons selling Carriages by Auction or on Commission; Three other Acts, passed in the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, One thereof intituled, An Act for explaining and amending an Act made in the Forty-third Tear 4 5 G. 3.e. 5. of His prefnt Ma)cjly> for c on fjli dating certain of the Provisons conidined in any Act or Acts relating to the Duties under tie Management of the Comm iff oners for the Affairs of Taxes, and for amending the J'am: , Jo fir as rdc.tts to the Power of ailing as Commissioners in certain Dislrtds, One other thereof intituled, An Act to anrml the several Laws relaing to the Duties under the Management of the Comndfftoners for the affairs of Taxes; and the other thereof intituled, An Act to amend so much of an Act of the Forty-third Year of His 4.r> G. 3. c. 7t. frejint Majesty t Jor conj'olidating certain of the Provisons of the Acts relating to the Duties in Scotland, under 45 G. a. c. 9&: in the Management of the Com in if i, tier sfor the Affairs of Taxes, as relates to the Appointment of AJfffors and Sub-C'.f'd '/v, and the Notices required to be delivered to P ersons a fiff: d to the said Duties \ and One other Act, pniTal in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to grant certain Allowances 4^0*0- c. »4. cut of the Duties under the Management oj' the ct mm if oners fr the Affairs of Taxes, to Persons in rsjfed of the Winder of iheir Children: And this Act shall be coullrued in Inch Manner and to the like Effect, in

all Rd pedis, as it the Duties hereby granted, and mentioned in the respective Schedules hereto annexed, were expressly granted, under and iubjetfl to the several Provisions, Allowances, and Penalties in the said several Acts contained, and as if the several Provisions, Allowances, and Penalties were expressly enacted in this Act; ar.<l that from the reipeClive Periods herein-before prescribed for the Commencement of the said Duties, the Schedules to this Act annexed shall he used and practised in ascertaining and charging the several Rates of Duty in lieu of the several Schedules for the like Purposes contained in any of the said Acts before-mentioned, whic^i lall-mcutioned Schedules, and the Rules and Exemptions therein contained, dull from thenceforth rrfpecliveljr r ife and determine; and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Directions, Penalties,

Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and 'Pilings contained in such Acts respectively, so far as the lame are respeil-iwly applicable ti> the Duties granted by this Act. except where other Provisions are made in tills Act, Hull federally a.id reflectively, in the Execution of this A6be duly observed, practised, and put in Execution throughout the respective Parts ot Great Britain aforesaid, as fully and eflc£luully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, (except as aforesaid) were particularly and respectively repeated and re-e*.'acted in the Body of this Act, ?*d shall severally be applied, conllrucd, deemed, and taken to belong to this Act, in like Manner as if tin* fame had been enact d thei* in, and xprefslv applied to the Duties hereby granted, except as afuref.ud.)

VI. And be it further emcted, That all and every the Persons who now are or for the Time being shall be Conum dinners for putting in Execution the said Acts respectively, and who shall be respectively qualified and amheri/ed to act, and lln 11 have taken the Oaths as directed by the several Acts bef^rc-meutio vd, or any of them respid.vmy, r.s aforesaid, shall be Cornndliouers for putting in Execution this Act, and the Powers h rein nfjrrcd to or cor.tained, in all a id every the relpcclive Counties, Rulings, Cities, Boroughs, Cirque Ports,

Towns, and Places privileg'd or not privileged, within England, Jluilesy and B; rude I-up , .? Tweedy a..d in alj aiul evry the Shires, Stewa: tries, C.tics, and Boroughs in Sec: land and the leverul AfF flors, Collectors,

Surveyors, and IiifpeC.tors riipeclively, appointed or to he appointed, to put in Execution the fa: d several Acb, shall respf.'Ctively he Ail' flbrs, CuILctoi Surveyors, and Inspectors, to put in Execution this Act within the Einnts of their respt*Clive D'klrvts or Divifons to which tliev are or shall be respectively appointed; and they respectively are lierehy empowered and required to do till Tilings necessary for putting this Act in Execution vitfi relation to the Duties lierehy impof. d, iii the like ami in as full and ample a Manner as they cr any '>1 them arc or is or shall be authm i/ed to put in Execution the said several Acts; and the Duties litn by granted, when paid, shall be under the Care and Managemn.t of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes for the Tune being, appointed or so be appointed by His Majesty, His Heirs or Sacceflurs.

VII. And be it t tuber euaeled, That every Receiver General shall have an Allowance of Three HaPpence hi the Po ind for all Monies w 1 i.h shall be by him received and paid into the Receipt of Exchequer, or duly accounted for according to the Courie of J lis Majesty's Exchequer; and that every Collector Ih.'ll hcvr 1 iu rope nee i; i the Pound for what Money lie shall pay t > the Receiver Genet al or his Deputy or Deputies, within the Time limited by the several Acts herein»e itioned, fur all the Duties granted by this Arl, lave and exegit the Duties giac.tod and contained in Schedule ( E. 1 annexed to this Act, for which other Comp, i.lrtion i h.-rt-hv di«ectd to be made to Inch Collector, and aiio for vvh.it Money inch CulPAor dvi! pav out of such Duties, except ns afotciaij, to any Person or Purlor.s i 1 puiluanec of any other or ADD of P. innert, j.nl null duly account to Inch Receiver General or Ins D^putv for such Payments; a -d tint forth? cares1 and tranleribii.g all .ind every the AlK.iTusrrts, Dupl.cates, Warm !?, avd Ikireits, in dee Am-,

CfRimifttonfcs an-i ile r ('ni 1 rs

aj j' mt'- f 'uf fee , A'r. n-i 'la* A u j»vt m Lx«.n.tic» t* i \'t i and t '.r M .nic<

Itvi i: .ni he i.e i r thr*C oje n! iV

( ...r I: --, n.r*

I r i!.p of

1 ..XCk.

A!I<., »ari'v*s t<«

(r^-n.

( !*.1; .'S, &iid

Oli.

ur.tilig

and fur the due, lpe; i!v, and i-fTi ctually ex'-cuting all ters a: .d Things directed to Le tiene or p-uf-.-rineJ by or under the Commissioners acting ie the Exeeut un of the levnmal Acts rcTtin.*- t<*» the Duties contm n- i in this A't then in force, the Clerk of the fed r.fj etive Cunmullioriers who Audi jxufbnn the fame within th*respectiveTimes limbed by the said Acts, fh >11, by V» arrant uniter the liando of l'.vo cm morp (it the C

/jours of each D.tlnkl respt'Ctively, have a..d retive fioui t!ie ivlpective Receivers Cieaei.d, teen* D pay os Deputes, the respective Sums heren-nfter lindt'-d for every Pound of all such Monies of tlm fad Duties as he or th.'v fh 1M have received by virtue of the AffrlTments (>f the said Commissioners respectively, who is and a; e hcivhyappuinted and allowed to pay the same accordingly; provided the said several Avils be caniedintoDxecctDn

3 D 2

-384 C. 55.

48° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1808.

Puttes flmll He

carried to

ConfulitUled

Fund.

Accounts of Duties shall lie Lpt, and laid be lore Parliament, S^c.

42 G. 3. c. / 0.

in due Tim*', and in an effectual Manner, for the Division in which he flinll he appointed the Clerk, and all Warrants, AiTeffinents, Lltrcnts, and Certificates, be made out and delivered according to the Directions of the said Acts, and the Duplicates be delivered to the said Receiver General, and into the Office of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, within the Times limited by the said Acts, but not otherwise; that ij to say, ir the total Amount of fitch Allowance for One Year, calculated at the Rate of One Penny Farthing in the Pound, on the Monies a defied in that Year, and paid to the Receiver General or his Deputy as aforesaid, shall amount to O.'.c hundred Pounds or upwards, then stich Clerk shall not be entitled to receive any further or greater Allowance than at the Rate of One Penny Farthing in the Pound, of the said Monies so paid: Provided also, that if trie total Amount of the Monies of the said Duties received by such Receiver Genual or his Deputy for One Year, in any DillriA of Commissioners, shall exceed Ninety-six thousand Pounds, then the Clerk of such District fir all have an Allowance at the Rate of One Penny Farthing in respt ft of every Pound of the said Ninety-six thousand Pounds, Part thereof, and a further Allowance at the Rate of One Halt of One Penny Farthing for every Pound of the said Monies exceeding Ninety-six thousand Pounds; and if the total Amount of fujh Allowance, calculated at the Rate of One Penny Farthing in the Pound on the hud Monies, shall not amount to One hundred Pounds, then such Clerk shall he entitled to receive an Allowance, at the Rate of Three Halfpence in the Pound, of the Monies so paid; to as that the Allowance, calculated as la(l aforesaid, fn: dl in no case be granted to any greater Amount than One hundred Pounds per Aranira*

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies aviling by the Duties hereby imputed (the recefT.ivy Charges of raising and accounting for the lame excepted) shall from Time to Time ho paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at lP<fminfcry in One Sum, to the Account of Ailcltied Tuxes, and shall be carried to and made Part of the Coulolidated Fund of Great Britan.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Coimni(honors of His Majesty's Treasury nowor for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, shall for the Period of Ten Years from the Commencement of this Act, cause fe pa rate and diilmcl Accounts of the Produce of the Duties payable by virtue of this Act, to be prepared at the Office for Taxes, to be annually laid before Parliament, pursuant to an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of ll\e Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for directing certain Pul lick Accounts to be laid annually before Parliament, and for di [continuing certain other Forms of Account rwiv in u(<; and t He Monies anting from the said additional Duties shall be deemed a permanent Increase to the Publick Revenue ol Great Britain, for the Purpose of defraying any increased Charge oecalioned by any Loan made, or Stock created by Authority of any Act of Parliament passed or to be passed in the present SclUon of Parliament.

" Act may be altered this Session. §10."

The SCHEDULES referred to by the Act of the 48th Year of His present Majesty's

Reign.

SCHEDULE (A.)

A SCHEDULE of the Duties made payable for every DWELLING HOUSE within ami throughout Great Britain, according to the Number of Windows or Lights in each Dwelling House and the Offices to be charged therewith.

NUMBER of WINDOWS According to which the Dwelling House and Offices undermentioned shall be charged.

Not more than 6 V. imlows or L»ghtr. (except in such Houses which shall be worth th_- Rmst of ./J5 by the Year, a id shall he charged to the Duty mentioned in Schedule (B.), ueconling to the Rent thereof) -

K\; t more tl : m 'i \\ indows or Lights, if of the Value before mentioned, ard chrm-d to the Lid l)oM "

7 Y. md'jwo or I.DIit

8 — 1)',

9 — l)o.

10 — Do.

t1 — Do.

12 1 )o.

U — Do.

]4 — Do.

15 Do.

16 Do.

17 . — Do.

Do.

*9 — Dev

PlttH'S to h*' \

<*h.r£. eulhr

s in 'tarsal u'r

etc tv P uvi!; ' , V. in sn.oj

liw .* i* ami

Office in Hi use* a.'id

!v> '1 md! , Wales, OlB* > m

ami IWa/kV

j.£. s. d. £. /. d.

1 0 6 1 6 O

00 0 0 I06O

I 0 0 0 iS 0

I 13 0 111 0

2 2 0 K> O O

2 16 0 2 14 0

3 12 6 3 10 \

496 4 7 f

5 6 6\ 5 4

6 3 6 1 6 1 6

7 0 0 ! 6 18 0

7 17 0! 7 >5 0

8 14 0 i , 8 i; 0

9 10 6! «; S 6

io 7 610 5

\.U

S

I

NUMBER of WINDOWS

Nut more than 20 Windows or Lights

21 - D >.

22 — I)o.

23 - Do.

- Do. —

2; - Do.

2 1 — Do.

27 — Do.

2 3 — Do. —

29 - Do.

3° - Do.

3l - Do.

32 — Do.

33 — 1 >0.

34 " Do.

3 5 — Do.

3r> - Do.

37 — 38 — Do.

Do.

39 - Do.

4 O to 44 Do.

45 — 49 Do.

50 — 54 ] )o.

55 — 59 Do.

60 — 64 Do.

65 - 69 Do.

7° — 74 Do.

75 — 79 Do.

ho — #4 Do.

h; — 89 Do.

fjo — 94 Do.

95 — 99 Do.

too — 109 Do.

110 — lli) Do, -

120 — 129 Du.

*3° — 139 Do.

140 — 149 Do.

150 — 159 l)o.

160 — 1 ()i) Do.

>70 — iyv 180 and upward: ) Do.

Do.

Lights, for every Window or l.r

lit exceeding the Number of 180 -

god Duties to he charj^tl ibr \\ in.Iou > in even Dm Iliujj House and Offices in England, Wale* and lierwi< k-1 11 01, Tweed. 1 Duties to be dialled iur: Windows in every Dwelling House and », Oliii 0 in boot land.

at'. /., d. £. s. d.

' 11 4 6 I I 2 6

'12 I 0 UI9 O

- 12 18 0 12 16 0

' 13 !5 0 13 l3 0

1411 6 [1496.

l5 8 6 ij 6 6

- 16 s 6 1636

- 17 2 0 17 0 0

17 19 0 17 17 O

18 16 0 l8 I4 O

19 12 6 19 10 6

- 20 0 6 20 7 6

21 6 6 214 6

- 22 3 0 2210

23 0 0 22 18 0

- 23 16 6 23 14 6

- 243 6 24 11 6

- 25 10 6 25 8 6

- 26 7 0 26 5 0

- 27 4 0 2720

- 28 17 6 28 15 6

- 313 6 31 11 6

34 i° 0 34 8 0

37^0 37 4 0

- 39 15 6 39 >3 6

42 0 6 I41 18 6

44 5 0, +4 3 0

46 10 0, 46 8 0

48 15 0.|8 13 0

- 5' 0 o 1 jo 18 0

53 4 6 1 >3*6

" 5596 ' >576

58 i 7 0«; S 15 0

63 6 6 ( >3 4 6

67 16 6'7 >4 <5

72 6 0: '240

76 16 0 7 614 0

*« 5 6 8 ! 1 3 6

- I55 6 8 S >3 6

( 70 5 0910 3 0

( J3 2 69306

or

0 3 0 O C*4 O

RULES for char-

Windows or Lights.

I. — The fai l several Duties to be charged annual!)" in respect of the Windows or Lights in every Dwelling How chargcab!* House, with t he HoutehoM and ether Oi*ires herein enumerate d.

II. — All Skylights, and all Windows or Lights however conllrticled, in St a ironies. Garrets, Cellars, PafTnges, and idl other i^ait.> oi D willing Houses, to what lie or Purpose loever applied, and whether Inch Windows Or Lights dull be in the exterior or interior Parts of such Dwelling Houses, to be charged to the said Duties.

III. — Every Window or Light in any Kitchen, Cellar, Scullery, Buttery, Pantry, Lanier, Walhhouse,

Laundry, Bakchouse, Brcwhouse and Lodging Room, belonging to or occupied with any Dwelling House, whether the lame shall be within or contiguous to or disjoined from the Body of such Dwelling House, shall be charged to the said Duties.

IV. — The said Duties to be charged yearly upon the Occupier or Occupiers of the Houses, Cottages, or Teaements, in rcipeft whereof the said Duties lludl be charged, and to be in force for One whole Year

Sktli^ht#, &c.

Light# in Office#,

from

CharreiMe annually; fruw SihApiiL

SCHEDULE (A.) — Windows — continued.

Chanr* of Occupation.

Hmifrs, let in ^ecXIII.)

Mcufcs left in chnrjc ot Servants.

rh imVrr- in Inns of Hurt, &c.

Proms in k

Pari arms

krtui cn Windows.

Win flows ik!m; i£ Two

Pl.in s.

JVmicnfi ns of WieJows.

from the 5th Day of April in the Year in which the same shall be charged, to be levied on such Occupier or Occupiers, or on his, her, or their respective Executors or Administrators, except as herein after provided.

V. — Where any Change in the Occupation of any House, Cottage, or Tenement, HiaH take place after the AflVJVincut shall be made, then and in such Case the Duties herd y directed to be charged on the Occupier or Occupiers of Hordes, Cottages, or Tenements, for One Year, fh.dl be levied upon and paid by the Occupier or Occupiers, Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners for the Time being, or on both or all of them, according to their Times of PoHeinon thereof, without any new Act'cfiYr.ent, notwithstanding inch Change in the Occupation of such House, Cottage, or Tenement, for the Year that Inch House shall have been assessed: Provided, that where n Tenant of any IIou.fr, Cottage, or Tenement, fhdl rjuit the fame, on the Determination of the Lease or Demise thereof, after an Afefiment lh.dl be made, and shall have given Notice thereof to the A lie (Tor for the Place, the Duty tie ivm shall be discharged by the ConimHlioners for executing this Act for tin* Remainder of that Year, in cede it fbdl appear to the said Coir.missioners at the End of such War, that such House, Cottage, or Tenement, (k; dl have continued wholly unoccupied for and during the Remainder of such Year.

VJ. — Whc, e any Dwelling House is or Audi be let in different Apartments, Tenement*, Lodgings, or Landings, and shall he* inhabited by Two or more Pcvhms or Families, the fame fhel! nc vert heir fs be charged as if such ilouf-Mvas inhabited by one IYtHu or Family only; and the Landlord or Owner, Landlords or Owners of such loul'*, Apartments, or Tenements, are or shrill be deemed and taken to be the Occupier or Occupiers of inch House, and shall he charged with the said Duties: Provided, that where the Landlord shall not re tide with:; .- the Limits of the Colleclnr, or the fame Ih.dl remain unpaid by such Landlord fur the Space of Twenty Days after the tame is due, the Duties so charged maybe levied on the Occupier or Occupiers respectively, and inch Payment shall he deducted and allowed out of the next Payment on account of Rent.

VII. — Every House, ahereof the keeping is or shall be committed or left to the Care or Charge of any Person or Servant, (had hi febi. ct to the like Duties ai if it were inhabited by the Owner or by a Tenant; and, if tueh iYriv>a or Servant shall not pay Rates to the Church and Poor, the said Duties shall be paid by the respective Owners or Tenants of the Lid House.

VIII. — Every distinct Chamber or Apartment in ary of the Inns of Court, or rf Chancery, or in any College or Had, in either of llie Univt riities of Ovford or Cambridge, orany publick Hof.dtal, hei. g severally in the Tenure or Occupation of any Person or I\ if jus, shall be subject to the lame Duties as if the lame was an entire House, which Duties shall be paid by the Occupier thereof respectively; provided, that every inch Chamber or Apartment, which shall not contain more than Seven Windows or Lights, shall be charged at the Rate of Three Shillings and Sixpence for every Inch Window or Light.

IX. — All Dwelling Rooms in any Hull or Office whatever, belonging to any Person or Persons, or to any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or to any Company, tint are or may be lawfully chnrrp d with the Payment of any other Taxes or Parish Ratos, shall be fuleject to the Duties hereby ma k* payable, and shall be respectively charged as Dwell.ug Houses; and the Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Company, to whom die

fits, fixed in one Frame, is or each Side of such Partition or

fame shall belong, shall be charged as the Occupier or Occupiers thereof.

X. — When a Partition or Division between Two or more Windows cr Li; shall be of the Breadth or Space of Twelve Inches, the Window or Light on Dwifion shall be charged as a ditlie.H Window or Light.

XI. — Every' Window extending to far as to give light into more Rooms, Landings, or Stories than Oaf, shall be reckoned and charged as so many separate Windows as there are Rooms, Landing.*', or .Stories euliglitined thereby.

XII. - Every Window or Light, including the Frame, Partitions, and Divisions thereof, winch by due Admeasurement of the whole Space on the Aperture of the Wall of the House or Budding, on the Outlidf ot Inch Window or Light, (li d) exceed in Height Twelve Feet, or in Breadth four Hvt Nine laches, not being lets than I luce beet Six I. cb*\s in Hei; ht, shall be reckoned and charged as Two Windows or L: g/; ta, except such V\ indows or Li pits as flvdl have been made of greater Dimcidinns at any Time prior to the fifth

Day of April One ot in

for th.e L .tert.iinm 1) ntks in the follow

thou lam! {even bumFcd a; id cn'; lit v-five; except; ho the Windows or Lights in Tuc/i ibils Work (imps, and Warehouses, and except the \\ 1 .Tows or Lights to fell Wine, Ale, or other Liquors by Retail, which shall be uivd -it ot CPuefts; and the Windows or Lights in Farm Houses cipcctally exempted from the

Dwelling Houses as are ukd for Shops, the publick Room of any House liceukd

/ v

in the Lid Sche.le

P.OtnA XIII. - Wuere

'1 c; .* n> nts. cv cry lu-\h Te: .cm.

(St*' lc* paid by the ().

rwick-u; UtMl-T'w

Ilonfc <'t to

fh

any Dwell: up e lit il» a'life copier-d. \vt

d Sixpence f. r { : nl

which fhnil net contain more rhati Seven Windows €>ery iv.cii Window or Light

hr divided into difleivnt Tenements, bung Duties as if the fame were an entire I urn

(HHtf hniar v.hchlEi

IV.!

R Ie «d Tin

<1 iu-j i 10 i!*e i.ovn unties as 11 cue lame were an enure 1 iu. f'*

s tlurtof respect: . .dv; j'rovideJ, that every Inch Tenement hi F.nd.eu!, U, .ih. or iucfi fin all not c.; .; i; i more than Seven Windows or Light; , 0: M b<' Ciiary J cl Lf

or

Window or L'ght; and eve»y inch Tm merit i-iJsc0^\ Lights, dial] be charged at the rate ot ri J*ree SrdhoM

I'wbli- Giiitcs.

EXEMPTIONS from the said Duties, eg l.-A'iy I WAV I, ..1op«rmSr to Ii'15 Mnjrlty, or ary of Cr Royal Frrri.V; an, ! rvrrv Pahlca v for w iitcli the Lut.cs h'.rctoforc; jyiiLle haw Lcua i>a: J by His Mai.-lh', or out of the Fubhck limit!

i J C.i(c

11

SCHEDULE (A.) — Wikdows — continued.

Case IL-Any Hospital, Charity School, or House provided for the Reception and Relief of poor Persons, except such Apartments therein as are or may be occupied by the Officers or Servants thereof which shall severally be alfi-fied, and be fuojvct to the said Duties as entire Dwelling Houses.

Case III. — The Windows in any Room of a Dwelling House, licensed according to Law as a Chapel for the Purposes of Divine Worship, and ul'ed lor no other Purpose whatsoever:

Provided that every such Hospital, Charity School, House for the Reception and Relief of poor Persons, or Room licensed as a Chapel as aforesaid, shall he brought into charge by the AflTeflor or A/feifors, or in their Default, by the Surveyor or Inspector, and shall be stated on the Certificate of Affi ffments as such; and on due Proof of the Fact before the Coinmiliiom-rs by the A/fciTors, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for executing the said Act to discharge such Hospital, Charity School, House for the Reception and Relief of poor IVrfons, and Room licensed as a Chapel, from the said Duties, or such Part thereof as is hereby intended to be exempted, in like Manner as they are authorized to discharge the AlTcflinent on poor Persons by this Act, but not other wise.

Cale IV. — The Windows or Lights, in any Dairy or Cheese-Room belonging to and occupied with any Dwelling House, chargeable with the said Duties, although the fame shall be Part thereof, which fh:H be used by such Occupier or Occupiers for the Purpose of keeping Butter or Cheese, being their own Produce, for Suit* or private Uie; provided that the Windows or Lights in such Dairies or Chicle Rooms, Hi tli be made with Splines or wooden Laths, or iron Bars, or Wires, and wholly without Clals, and that the Occupiers of the Dwelling House3 to which such Dairies and Ciieefe Rooms belong shall paint or cause to be painted on the outer Door thereof, or on the Outfideof the Windows thereof, or one of them, in large Roman Letters, the Words, " Dairy" or " Cheese Room, " as the Case may require, and shall keep, and from Time to Time re/lore such Words so pai.ited di/liu&ly legible, during all such Time as such Exemption shall be claimed; and provided, that such Dairies or Cheese Rooms shall not be at any Time or Times tiled to dwell ortolleep in by any Person or Persons, but shall be wholly kept and used for the several Purposes hereinbefore mentioned: And provided also, that an AlTe/iment of all such Windows or Lights Dial 1 be duly made, and the Fact be truly returned in the Manner directed by this Act, in other Cases of Exemption from the said Duties, so that the Number of Windows so to be exempted may be afeertiiined, and the Exemption be allowed by the Commissione-rs for executing this Act.

Hospital, iVn

Chaprlj. I'roviso fat

c hur^'u 1 >r H capitals, Chapels, iv.

Dahie*.

SCHEDULE (B )

A SCHEDULE of the Duties made payable on all Inhabited DWELLING HOUSES throughout

Great Britain, according to the Value thereof, and of the Ollices and Lands to be charged therew ith.

in

iff f\ -ind.

For every such Inhabited House which, with the Hotifehold and other Offices, Yards, and Gardens, therewith occupied and charged, arc or shall he worth the Rent herein after mentioned by the Year, there shall be charged the yearly Sums following; videlicet,

£5 and under £20 Rent, by the Year

£20 and under £40 Rent, by the Year -

£40 Rent by the Year, and upwards -

o

o

o

/. d.

1 6

2 3

2 10

RULES for charging the said la/l-mentioned Duties.

I. — The said la/t mentioned Duties to be charged annually on the Occupieror Occupiers for the Time bring of every such Dwelling House, being of the Annual Rent of Five Pounds or upwards, at the respective Rates before-mentioned, a id to be levied on him, her, or them, or on In's, her, or their respective Executors or Admit.idrators, and in like Manner in case of a Change in the Occupation thereof as is before directed in respect of the Duties on Wi dows or Lights, and in .Addition to the Duties contained in Schedule (A.)

II. — Every Conchhoi.fr, Stable, Urewhouse, Wafiihouse, Laundry, Wood house, Bakchouse, Dairy, and all other Ollices, and till Yards, Courts, and Curtilages, and Gnidens, and PJeasure Grounds, belonging to a id occupied with ai: v Dwelling House, shall, in charging the said Duties, be valued together with such Dwelling House; provided no more than One Acre of such Gardens and Pleasure Grounds shall in any case be so valued.

HI. — All Shops and Warehousrs which are attached to the Dwelling Houfr, or have any Communication therewith, fh: J! in charging the said Duties be valued together with the Dwelling House and the HousehoM and other Offices aforesaid thereunto belonging: (except such Warehouses and Buildings upon or near adjoining to Wharfs which are occupied by Persons who carry on the Business of Wharfingers, and who have Dwelling Houses upon the said Wharfs for the Residence of them/elvei or Servants employed upon the said Wharfs.)

And alto except such Warehouses as are and separate Buildings and not Parts or Parcels of such

Dwelling Koufcs, or the Shops attached thereto, hut employed folelv for the Purpose of lodging Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, or for carrying on form? Manufacture; (notwithstanding the fame may adjoin to or have Communication with the Dwelling House or Shop.)

4 j IV. — Every

How ihargrjifjlf.

Outhmfec.

Slop* an I

W ar« I mu, i'(>3 attached.

Warriiottf;

dcuihtvi.

383 C. 55

A.D. 1808.

Chamber* in

Into of Court, N.r.

PnUick \-u\u, kr.

IT-mfcs let in

Apartuifuits.

(He XIV.)

Wttc, areonlin; to Poor, ituu*.

If T'oo's Hate n full Value.

Tf on proportionate Value.

If olhernife.

It not Rated.

Abatement of iUte.

Increase of Rate.

DilVmcR. T<uu i.i- nts, (fcce Vl.J

48° GEORGII III.

SC 11 ED U L E (13.) — I n h a in t r d Ho u s r s - cov.t 'in

ill.

IV. — Every Chamber or Apartment in any of the Inns of Court, or of Chancery, or in any College or Hall in any of the Univerllties of Great Britain, being f.veially in the Tenure or Occupation of any Per bn or Perform, shall be charged th'uvto as an entire Ilonfe, an! on the refgecuv? Occupiers thereof.

V. — Every Hall or OHiee whatever belonging to any Pedon or Perforn, or to any Body or Bodies Polibck or Corporate, or to any Company, that are or may be hivvrh.y cntirgvd with the P.r >*v*ent 01 any ether Taw? nr Pari lb Rates, shall be subject to the Deties hereby m tde pny-uhP as Hhubitml House-; and the Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Company', to whom the fame lh bi belong, liu.ll be char \V. a> the Occupier or Occupiers thereof.

uu eel in all not rr side v.uthin ti lor the S

LHH

of ti Ckl

- r, T, - , v'ie

ot x went/ Day. m.er -me wxie 1, <1 o, the Unties io ipecUvely; and inch Payments Axil be dolu^ted'a-1

Audi be climated

Paid Duties: Provided, that where the I fame fiiail remain unpaid by such Le Allot charged may be levied on the Occupier or Occupi-m >; allowed out of the rext Payment on Account of R t VH. — No Dwelling I iouie, or ether inch Pr. nines Annual Value than the Rent or Value at which the he before? the Time of makir.r the A neibnent fur the R* L

VIII. — In case the said Poor Kate frail !va\e beim mxtLi), rnogdout irynlhu nd Patron the tali of all the Dwelling Honihs in the fame Pa rid) or Place, then b< h A f\ u : , t f : d) !.; mad laid Kate; and the Affblors appointed or to be appointed lor ih' u ! D'HeS'hx]

as pfo-.vh' xe Prvn his !be. d cl

f of ih*A or in lhi

or 'A at any bfs c r*'td: 0; >ir

bit 1

h or lb.

' 3C; v;

Vabc

on dilierent Dwelling Houses in the fame Panih or place in all sech Ca: cs as Alvelaid, ebgev

Rule of Proportion between the Aff'flment of the Dutn s n: t 'H by this

1 t o re on, as {Rill

JJ/anr, rrt5 bhc ip-:

observed in making such Poor Kate as to all the Premise-, afoivinM rated 1.huh Pom- Rate.

u; ., e been

IX. — In case the said Poem Rate shall have been made on any prepovAviare il.rt ci lech Value t! Afledors shall afllfs the fame at the fame Bums respecti\vly a. the/ w- add ha\ x R n all flj at p. 1: i. this Act, if the lame had been reflectively estimated in iueu boor Kate at the tall Value tn-n- of 7/

X. — In case the Poor Rate in any Panin or Place shall m t he nu de on the : uil Annual VR, 1'.

diflmmt Dwelling Ploufes charged, nor according to any p^-poxi amide P.r*t ct inch Amyl y.v, ' l'*-ncvcitheless the said Dwelling lxoufes lb all be rated in a due pomertiou to each thvr, it di.R g. y"' 1 -

the AlleUors, by all lawful Ways and Means authorized by this Act, to inc.iibm 1 to, and to dlL, pcR Information and Judgment to ascertain the actual Reel el the kver.il Plunk- a-u cdwrtlio in dulerent Occupations within their Limits, which ll.nil Lave been Ie, \ dlL the peri

a. P I H

c'AfP: r

"U" ^f.u,

; '1; v

1 U.'S

preceding the Time for making the Act lime: t, or so ma.iv of th. in us : !. y Judd be abb- p, 'e.: -'s

Rent of, and shall make an AflriTm.cnt on the actual Rent on such of the fall ITouu-s and l'jv 1: -

occupied which shall appear to them to have been so I t at the je.il and full Value tl.er u>t, and f|ti {j.r/ !; l

proceed to assess the several other Houfos with the Premises aforesaid occupy-d ther-vr: t!i in .Suras rA.

beaKng the same Proportion, as far as the fame can be computed, 10 the /Amount of In eh A^--/ ^'^1'*

the Sums eliarged on the said Poor Rate on such other twn.if s respectively bear to the Sum elm.-viV- '

laid Pc, or Rate 011 the said House and Premises so liv'd aliefT. d; Provid'd always, th.at the nfoivf.1.1 K'AI!>. I

- 1 - 1-'tie ft 1

extend only to such Hov.fes and Premises charr.cable under this A A as shall be rated m f!lc|j p ( cb; ti., aly and unmixed with other Property not chargeable to the Duties hereby granted.

XI. — In case any House with the Premiers aforesaid therewith occupied, {he.il not be rag/ jn Rate, or shall be rated therein together with other Property not. char/, able to the Du; us hev.-L-., .f, 'v)|

there shall be no Poor Rate in the Purhh ox place whuc I'm h House is fbuale, and n.i every

Rules before-mentioned arc not applicable, the said Anchor: Information they can obtain of the annual Value thereof

1 all make their A Ahu'cmt f.

1; in ed! Ceils th -11 be the

m

bri

K-'; .t at v. inch the said Iioufesand Premifts

lx 1 'x; ive iv are wo. tb to i e let by t lie I»ax.

XII. - In case: ./ lbv.de, with the Pr

liP.vin.r pu vie. J the Proportions obKrved in

a III III d at a Sum txc -dm/; the |U: 1 Rate on

to abuts a d d -duct troui inch Ajjlliinent so

such a: nm .I ve... , but in no case to a h fs an

'exet X;

1 lie Lite;

of, it f PI be bevi'ui

r

Co

: ixeu

-, : t will reduce ths innie to a jmi rILI

i.mual \ able than th.e fame liar.ds rated at m th r 1 ct.ie any I Ionic, with the live, ells aibrefuid, fn: i; l, on oceahon t t the Ai._ basing purfr.ed the I'roportions observt d in such Poor Rate, have b-cm a 1 Idled at Kent ai \vh; di the

X HI. — In case any Iioulc, with th

a Sum an

sme iiudl be let, cr if not let, at Lis than the 1L nt at widen the o n; c IL 'll be la wild lor the CHmmduoners to enlarge and i acre me such Ai lllifment to iueh Sum as a amount unto.

XIV. — AVhere any Dwelling House shall be divided into X every such Tenement shall be fimjeA to the fame Duties as if tut be paid by the Occupiers thereof respectvcly.

C.x rmt Tenements o' lame was an entire H

n- 1:

:; , r^Afl-Ars the aaul Vl-Lt oe 1.it K. ut Wulfd

wn Rx 1 jJ

EXEMPTIONS.

Case I. — Any House belonging to His Majesty, or any of the Royal Family; and every Publick Office for Roy*J Family, which the Duties heretofore payable have been paid by His Majesty, or out of the Publick Revenue. Publick Oii.cci.

Case II. — Every Dwelling House, being a Farm House, occupied by a Tenant, and bona fide used for thearni House* Purposes of Husbandry only.

Case III. — Every Dwelling House, being a Farm House, occupied by the Owner thereof, and bona fide

used for the Purposes of Husbandry only, which, together with the Household and other Offices aforesaid, WDCT*

/hall be valued under this Act at Ten Pounds per Annum, or any less Sum.

Case IV. — Any Hospital, Charity School, or House provided for the Reception or Relief of Poor HospitiU, &c. Persons.

Case V. — Every House whereof the keeping is or shall be committed or left to the Care or Charge of any House* in Person or Servant, who doth not pay Rates to the Church and Poor, and who resides therein for the Purpose J?iarRC only of taking care thereof: Provided, that an Assessment shall be duly made in every such Case, and the v-nto«

Fad be truly returned in the Manner directed by this Act in other Cases of Exemption from the said Duties, and the Exemption be allowed by the Commissioners for executing this Act.

SCHEDULE (C.)

No. 1.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable annually for every MALE SERVANT retained or employed by any Person or Persons in the several Capacities mentioned herein.

NUMBER of SERVANTS.

For 1 such Servant

2 - Do.

3 - Do.

4 Do.

5 Do.

6 - Do.

7 - Do.

8 - Do.

9 - Do.

10 - Do.

11 - Do. and upwards

For every such Servant retained

over and above the before-menti

Amount of Duty lor each Servant.

£. s. d

2 4 0

2 16 0

3 7 0

3 18 0

490

4 H 0

4 16 0

5 3 0

S 12 0

6 3 0

7 1 0

1 14 0

RULES for charging the said last-mentioned Duties.

X, — The said last-mentioned Duties to be paid by the Mailer or Mistress of such Servants respectively, and To what Servants to extend to and be payable for every Male Servant retained or employed in any of the following Capacities; txtenJet* that is to say, Maitre d'Hotel, House Steward, Mailer of the Horse, Groom of the Chamber, Valet de Chambre, Butler, Under Butler, Clerk of the Kitchen, Confedioner, Cook, House Porter, Footman,

Running Foot-man, Coachman, Groom, Poflillion, Stable Boy or Helper in the Stables of the Mailer or Mistress, Gardener, Park-keeper, Game-keeper, Huntsman, Whipper-in, or by whatever Name or Names Male Servants really acting in any of the said Capacities shall be called, or whether such Male Servants shall have been retained or employed in One or more of the said Capacities, or in any other Business jointly with One or more of the said Capacities, and to every such Servant let to hire with any Carriage or Horses for One Year, or any longer Period.

II. — The said Duties shall extend to all Servants of the Capacities before mentioned employed in Taverns, Servant* la Coffee-houses, Inns, Alehouses, or any other Houses licensed to fell Wine, Ale, or other Liquors by Retail, Tavern*, and in Eating or Victualling Houses, and in Hotels or Lodging Houses, being Eating and Victualling Houses,

of whatever Description, although not licensed, except Hoftlersand Helpers in Stables, and Drivers employed to drive Carriages let out to hire, in such Manner that the Stamp Office Duty payable by Law on Horles let to hire shall have been duly paid and satisfied, and except Waiters.

III. — The said last mentioned Duties on Gardeners shall extend to every Gardener who shall have contracted Gardeners, for the keeping of any Garden or Gardens, and to every Person who shall have been hired to work in any

Garden wherein the constant Labour of One Person shall be necessary, or where One Person shall have been constantly employed, to be paid by the Person or Persons for whose Use, and in whose Garden such Gardener or Persons shall have been employed, except as herein after mentioned.

4B Geo. III. jE IV. — The

Apprentices.

Gatekeepers. Coachmen, &c. Grooms.

Day-Labourers.

Travellers.

Clerks.

Shopmen,

SCHEDULE (C.) — Male Servants — continued.

IV. — The said last-mentioned Duties shall extend to all Apprentices retained or employed in any of the Capacities aforesaid, save and except such Apprentices as shall have been imposed upon any Master or Mistress under and by virtue of the Powers given to Magistrates and Parish Officers by any Act or Acts of Parliament, so as the Number of such Apprentices for whom this Exemption shall be claimed by the same Person shall not exceed Two, such Apprentices not wearing Livery, nor being employed as Livery Servants.

V. — The said last-mentioned Duties on Gamekeepers shall extend to every Person retained or employed to kill or preserve Game for the Use of any other Person or Persons, whether lawfully appointed to kill or preserve Game or not, to be paid by the Person or Persons retaining, employing, or appointing such Persons respectively; except Gamekeepers, being the Servants of other qualified Persons duly returned by and charged to the said Duties as Servants of such other Persons.

VI. — The said last-mentioned Duties shall extend to every Person who shall be employed in the Capac ty of a Coachman, Postillion, Groom, or Helper in the Stables, although such Person shall have been retained for the Purposes of Husbandry, or any Manufacture or Trade, where the Master or Mistress of such Person shall be chargeable with Duty for any Carriage, (other than a Taxed Cart, ) or for Two or more Horses chargeable with the Duty on Horses kept for the Purpose of riding or drawing Carriages, as herein mentioned.

VII. — The said last-mentioned Duties shall extend to every Person who shall be employed as a Groom, Stable Boy, or Helper in the Stables of the Master or Mistress, to take care of any Horle, Mare, or Gelding, the Property of such Master or Mistress, kept for the Purpose of racing or running for any Plate, Prize, Sum of Money, or other Thing, or in training for any of the said Purposes.

Schedule (C.) No. 2.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable annually for MALE SERVANTS retained or employed

in the several Capacities herein mentioned.

For every Gardener or Person employed to work in any Garden, under any Person chargeable to £ /. d* the Duties mentioned in Schedule (C.); No. 1.5 and for every Gardener employed in any Garden wherein the constant Labour of one Person shall not be necessary, the Sum of - - o 6 0

To be paid by each Person in whose Garden such Person shall be employed.

EXEMPTIONS from the Duties as set forth in Schedule (C.) No. 1. and 2.

Any person employed by the Day or Week to work as a Day Labourer, at the usual Rate of Wages for Day Labourers in Agriculture, in any Garden belonging to a Dwelling House, being a Farmhouse, and exempted as such from the Duties mentioned in Schedule (B.\ or in any Garden belonging to a Dwelling House not chargeable to the Duties mentioned in the said Schedule, such Garden not requiring the constant Labour of One such Labourer.

Schedule (C.) No. 3.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable annually for every MALE PERSON or SERVANT

retained or employed in the several Capacities herein mentioned.

For every Male Person employed by any Merchant or Trader as a Traveller or Rider, the Duties following; videlicet.

Where One such Traveller or Rider and no more shall be so employed, the Sum of And where more than One such Traveller or Rider shall be so employed, for each the Sum of For every Male Person employed by any Person in Trade, or exercising any Profession whatever, as a Clerk or Book-keeper, or Office-keeper, except Apprentices, where no Premium, or a Premium less in Value than the Sum of £20 has been paid or contracted for with such Apprentice, the Duties following; videlicet,

Where One such Clerk, Book-keeper, or Office-keeper, and no more, shall be so employed, the Sum of -

And where more than One such Clerk, Book-keeper, or Office-keeper shall be so employed, for each the Sum of -

For every Male Person employed by any Person in Trade as a Shopman, for the Purpose of exposing to Sale or felling Goods, Wares, or Merchandize in such Shop or Warehouse, whether by Wholesale or Retail; and every Male Person employed as a Warehouseman, Porter, or Cellarman in such Shop or Warehouse, except Apprentices as aforesaid, the Sum of

£. i. I

2 8 O'

3 10 0

r 4 0

280

SCHEDULE (C.) — Male Servants — continued.

- -

The said Duties to be paid by the Employer or Employers of such Persons, and to extend to every Body Politic or Corporate, whether Aggregate or Sole, and to every Society, Fraternity, or Partnership, although not Corporate; and to every Manufacture or Concern (except Husbandry) whereby the Employer shall seek a Profit.

For every Male Servant employed as a YVaiter (except occasional Waiters, over and above the ordinary Number usually kept) in any Taverns, Coffee Houses, Inns, Alehouses, or other licenlea Houses, or in Eating or Vi&uaJling Houses, or in Hotels or Lodging Houses, being Eating or Victualling Houses, the Sum of -

For every Male Servant retained by any Stable-keeper to take care of any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, of any other Person or Persons kept for the Purpose of racing or running for any Plate, Prize, sum of Money, or other Thing, or any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, in training for any of the said Purposes, whereby such Stable-keeper shall gain a Livelihood or Profit, the Sum of -

For every Male Servant bona fide retained for the Purposes of Husbandry, Manufacture, or Trade, by which the Mailer or Mistress shall gain a Livelihood or Profit, and at any Time employed in any Domestic Employment in any of the Capacities in Schedule (C.), No, I. and not chargeable to the Duties in the said Schedule, the Sum of For every Male Servant bona fide retained for the Purposes of Husbandry, or any Manufactune or Trade by which the Mailer or Millrefs shall gain a Livelihood or Profit, and at any Time employed in the Capacity of a Groom, Stable Boy, or Helper in the Stables, where the Mailer or Mistress shall be chargeable for One Horse, and no more, to the Duty on Horses kept for the Purposes of riding, or drawing a Taxed Cart, or to the Duty on such Taxed Cart, and not on any other Carriage chargeable with Duty by this Act, the Sum of The said last-mentioned Duties to be paid by the Employer, or Mailer or Millrefs of such Persons or Servants.

1

o

o

5

4

6

6

d.

By whom to he pakL

Waiters.

Stable-keepers

Men.

Servants m Hulbaikdry.

a

By whom to be paid.

Schedule (C.) No. 4.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable on SERVANTS let to Hire.

For every Coachman, Groom, Poflillion, or Helper, kept for the Purpose of being let to Hire for any Period of Time left than One Year, and in such Manner that the Stamp Office Duty payable by Law on Horses let to Hire shall not be payable on every such Letting by any Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, duly licensed to let Poll Horses by the Commissioners for managing the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, or by any Coachmaker or Maker of such Carriages, or other Person, the annual Sum of - - 2

4

9

The said Duty to be paid by the Person or Persons letting the same to hire; provided, that if the Person or Persons hiring the same shall not make a Return thereof according to the Directions of this Act*,.9^ ( 5. ofth* then and in every such Case the progressive Duty made payable by Schedule (C.) No. 1, shall be chargeable and§41 in respect of every such Servant on the Person or Persons hiring such Servant, and making such of <'* G. a. Default as aforesaid, according to the Number of Servants retained by him, her, or them, in the Manner c* lfcI. directed by the Act.

EXEMPTIONS from the last-mentioned Duties, as set forth in Schedules (C.) No. 1, 2, 2, and 4*.«///«

J^Schedule (M.J

I. — The said Duties not to be payable by any Person who shall have retained or employed bona fide,

any Male Servant solely for the Purposes of Husbandry or Manufacture, or of any Trade or Calling by which the Mailer or Millrefs of such Servant shall earn a Livelihood or Profit, and w ho hath not at any Time or Occasion, or in any Manner, or for any Purpose, been employed in any of the Capacities enumerated in Schedules (C.), No. 1 and 2, nor in any of the Capacities enumerated in Schedules (C.), No. 3 and 4, whereon any Duty is specifically made payable.

II. — The said Duties not to be payable by any College or Hall within either of the Universities of Oxford College Serrant*. or Cambridge, or the several Colleges of Westminster, Eton, or Winchester, for any Butler, Manciple, Cook,

Gardener, or Porter; nor by any of the Royal Family, for any Servant acting in any of the Capacities 1W1Family* aforesaid. Servant*.

III. - The said Duties not to be payable by any of the Royal Hospitals of Christ, Saint Bartholomew, Hospital Bridewell, Bethlem, Saint Thomas, in the City of London and Borough of Southwark, or Guy's, or the Servant*. Foundling Hospital.

IV. — The said Duties not to be payable by any Officer serving in any Regiment of Horse or Dragoons officers*

under the Rank, or not receiving the Pay of a Field Officer: Sa vant*.

Nor by any Officer serving in any Regiment of ArtiUeiy, Infantry, Royal Marines, Royal Garrison Battalions, or Corps of Engineers, for any Servant being actually a Soldier in the Regiment, Troop, or Company, to which such Officer shall belong;

3E a

392

48° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1808.

Servants to

l\i|*j)ly lhofc mikW Military Training.

C*55*

SCHEDULE (C.) Male Servants — continued.

Nor by any Officer in His Majesty's Navy, under the Rank of a Matter and Commander, in actual Employ for any Servant borne upon the Books of the Ship to which such Officer shall belong:

Nor by any Officer on Half Pay from His Majesty's Navy, Army, or Marines, who shall have been difabkd by Loss of a Limb or Wound received in His Majesty's Service;

Every such Officer retaining or employing One Male Servant only,

V. — The laid Duties not to be payable for any Persons retained or employed in the above Capacities, in the Room of others who may be called out under any Act which has been passed or which shall be passed for training and exercising a Military Force within these Kingdoms, during the Time of such training and exercising.

SCHEDULE (DO No. 1.

A SCHEDULE of the DUTIES payable on all CARRIAGES of any of the Descriptions mentioned herein.

NUMBER of CARRIAGES.

Amount of Duty Tor each C »rrU"f.

For Carriages with Four Wheels; For 1 such Carriage, the annual Sum of

2 Do.

3 Do.

4 Do.

5 Do.

6 Do.

7 Do.

8 Do.

9 Do. and upwards

And for every additional Body successively used on the fame Carriage or Number of Wheels, the further Sum of -

£. X. I

11 S 0

12 7 0

J3 10 0

H 0 0

*4 12 0

5 3 0

l5 H 0

16 S 0

16 16 0

5 12 0

Schedule (D.) No. 2.

For Carriages with less than Four Wheels:

For every such Carriage (except Taxed Carts, construfled, kept, and used under the Regulations of this Act) drawn by One Horse, Mare, or Gelding, and no more And for every such Carriage, drawn by Two or more Horses, Mares, or Geldings And for every additional Body, of the Description herein after mentioned, successively used on the fame Carriage or Number of Wheels, the further Sum of

5

8

2

x.

18

5

16

I

0

0

0

RULES for charging the said Duties in the Two foregoing Schedules.

I. — The said Duties to be respectmly charged for every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash, Chaise Marine, Chaise, Sociable, or Caravan, with Four Wheels; and for every Calalh, Chaiie Marine, Chaile, Curricle, Chair, or Car, with less than Four Wheels, or any Number thereof respectively; and for ever)' other Carriage with Four Wheels, or with less than Four Wheels, respectively uled or to be used for the like Purposes, by whatever Name or Names the same shall be called or known, kept by any Person or Persons for his, her, or their own Ufc, or hired by the Year, or any longer Period; and upon all such Carriages kept to be let out to Hire, or to carry Passengers for Hire (except such Carriages for which other Duties are herein after made payable) and which Duties shall be respectively paid by the Person or Persons keeping such Carriages, and shall be chargeable upon the Body, or, if more than One, upon the bodies of such Carriages respectively, according to the Number thereof successively used on the fame Carnage or Number of Wheels in the Manner before directed, and not in respect of the Wheels thereof, or any other Parts of such Carriages to which the Wheels shall be attached.

Schedule

Schedule (D.) No. 3;

For Carriages hired for any Period of Time less than One Year, or kept to be let to hire, or to £. carry Passengers:

For every such Carriage kept for the Purpose of being let to hire, with Horses to be used therewith, for any Period of Time not exceeding Twenty-eight Days, so that the Stamp Office Duty, payable by Law on Horses let to hire, shall be duly paid and satisfied on every such letting by any Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person duly licensed to let Pod Horses, by the Commissioners for managing the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and whereon the Name or Names, and Place of Abode of the Person or Persons so licensed shall be marked or painted, according to the Directions of the Act in that Case made and provided; if such Carriage shall have Four Wheels, the Sum of -

And if such Carriage shall have less than Four Wheels, the respective Sums mentioned in Schedule (D.) No. 2. according to the Number of Horses used therewith, as therein mentioned.

And for every Coach, Diligence, Caravan, or Chaise with Four Wheels or more, or other Carriage with Four Wheels or more, by whatever Name the same shall be called or known, which shall be kept and employed as a publick Stage-Coach or Carriage for the Purpose of conveying Pa/Tengers for Hire to and from different Places, and which shall be duly entered as such with the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, the like Sum of All which last-mentioned Duties shall respectively be paid by the Person or Persons keeping the fame, for the Purposes aforesaid.

For every Carriage kept for the Purpose of being let to hire for any Period of Time less than One Year, and in such Manner that the said Stamp Office Duty shall not by Law be payable on such letting by any Person so licensed as aforesaid, or by any Coachmaker or Maker of such Carriages, or other Person, if such Carriage shall have Four Wheels, the annual Sum of 11 The said last-mentioned Duty to be paid by the Person or Persons keeping the fame for the Purposes aforesaid.

Provided, if a due Return thereof shall not be made by the Hirer or Hirers according to the Directions of the Acts herein mentioned*, the progressive Duty as set forth in Schedule (D.) No. I. shall be chargeable in respect of every such Carriage on the Person or Persons hiring the fame, and making such Default as aforesaid, subject to the Provisions contained in the said Acts concerning the same.

And if such Carriage shall have less than Four Wheels, the respective Sums mentioned in Schedule (D.) No. 2. according to the Number of Horses to be used therewith, to be paid by the Person or Persons keeping the lame for the Purpose aforesaid, subject to the Provisions hercic-after contained concerning the same.

J.

Carriage* hired out for a Time not r\ce< din^2S D«\s.

Stages.

Carriages hired out for left duo)

aYtar.

m See §5.of this Act, ar.tl §41 oj 43 G. a.

C. 161.

Schedule (D.) No. 4;

For Taxed Carts.

For every Carriage with less than Four Wheels, to be drawn by One Horse, Mare, or Gelding, £. /. J.

and no more, which shall be built and coiiftrudted wholly of Wood and Iron, without any Covering other than a tilted Covering, and without a ty Lining or Springs, whether the fame be made of Iron, Wood, Leather, or other Materials, and with a fixed Seat, without Slings or Braces, and without any Ornament w hatever, other than Paint of a dark Colour for the Preservation of the Wood or Iron only, and which shall have the Words u A Taxed Cart, " and the Owner's Christian and Surname, and Place of Abode, marked or painted on a black Ground in white Letters, or on a white Ground in black Letters, on the Outside of the back Paunel or back Part of such Carriage, in Words at full Length, each of the Letters thereof being at lea ft One Inch in Length, and of a Breadth in Proportion, and the Price of which (Repairs excepted) shall not have exceeded, or the Value thereof shall not at any Time exceed, the Sum of £12 Sterling, which shall be kept by any Person or Persons for his, her, or their own life, and not for Hire, the annual Sum of - - - I 6 6

Save and except always all Carriages built and con ft rubied as aforesaid, belonging to any Person or Persons who are or shall be liable to be assessed to the before-mentioned Duties in respect of a Four-wheeled Carriage, or who are or shall be liable to be assessed to the before-mentioned Duties on Male Servants in respeel of Two such Male Servants, which Persons respectively shall be charged for such Carriages, although built and construdUd as aforesaid, at the Rate prescribed in Schedule (D.) No. 2. for Carriages with less than Four Wheels.

Except vrhrre Bart) i» chargeable for Four-»h<*c>*l Carriages, or for Two Strviou.

EXEMPTIONS

39+ C-55

48° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1808.

And fee Schctlule (M.)

Royal Family.

Hackney

Coaches.

Coach makers' Carriages for Sale.

Carts.

EXEMPTIONS from the several DUTIES in Schedules (D.) No. 1, 2, 3, and 4*.

Case I. — Any Carriages belonging to His Majesty, or any of the Royal Family.

Case II. — Any Coach or Coaches, licensed by the Commissioners fur Hackney Coaches within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Suburbs thereof, to be used as Hackney Coaches there, and numbered according to Law.

Case III. — Any Carriage kept by any Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, at any Time after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eight, bona fide for the Purpose of Sale, or of being lent to any Person whose Carriage being of the fame Denomination or Description shall be then making, mending, or repairing by such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, and during the Time the same shall be necessaruy under Repair; provided such Carriage shall not at any Time, whilst in the Possession of such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, be employed for his or her own Use, or let to Hire, or otherwise lent than as aforesaid.

Case IV. — Any Cart which shall be kept truly and without Fraud to be used wholly in the Affairs of Husbandry, or in the Carriage of Goods in the Course of Trade, and whereon the Name and Place of Residence of the Owner, and the Words " Common Stage Cart" shall be legibly painted, although the Owner, or his or her Servant or Servants, shall or may occasionally ride therein or thereon when laden, or when return, ing from any Place to which, or when going to any Place from which any Load shall have been or shall be to be carried in such Carriage in the Couife of Husbandry or Trade; or for conveying the Owners thereof or their Families to or from any Place of Divine Worship on Sunday, or on Christmas Day, or on Good Friday, or on any Day appointed for a Publick Faff or Thanksgiving, or for carrying Persons going to or returning from the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, in case such Carriage shall not have been or be used for any other Purpose of riding thereon or therein, save as aforesaid, or shall not have been or be let to Hire for any wf such Purposes of riding therein or thereon.

Schedule (D.) No. 5.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable by Coachmakers, and Makers of other Carriages chargeable with Duty by this Act, and on Carriages made or sold as herein mentioned.

By every Person who shall carry on the Trade of a Coachmaker or Maker of any Carriages chargeable with Duty by this Act in Great Britain, the annual Duty of Hy every such Coachmaker or Maker of such Carriages as aforesaid, for every such Carriage with Four Wheels which he or she shall make, build, or construct for Sale, the Sum of And for every such Carriage with Two Wheels, which he or she shall make, build, or construct for Sale, the Sum of -

£. i. I

0 6 0

t 2 6

0 11 3

Schedule (D.) No. 6.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable by Persons felling any CARRIAGES, chargeable with Duty by this Act, by Auction or on Commission.

By every Person who shall fell any Carriage chargeable with Duty by this Act, by way of Auction or on Commission, for or in Expectation of Profit or Reward, in Great Britain, the annual Duty of -

By every such Person for every such Carriage with Four Wheels which he or she shall fell by Auction or on Commission, for or in Expectation of Profit or Reward as aforesaid, the Sum of And for every such Carriage with Two Wheels, which he or she shall fell by Auction or on Commission, for or in Expectation of Profit or Reward as aforesaid, the Sum of

nr 1. I

0 6 0

1 2 6

0 11 3

SCHEDULE

U

A.D. 1808.

48° GEORGII III.

C. 55.

SCHEDULE (E.)

No. 1.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable for all HORSES, MARES, and GELDINGS, kept and used by any Person or Persons for the Purpose of riding, or for the Purpose of drawing any Carriage chargeable with Duty by Schedule (D.)

NUMBER thereof.

w'

For I such Horse, Mare, or Gelding

2 such Horses, Mares, or Geldings

3 Ditto

Ditto

5 Ditto

6 Ditto

7 Ditto

8 Ditto

9 Ditto

10 Ditto

11 Ditto

12 Ditto*-

*3 Ditto

H Ditto

15 Ditto

16 Ditto

17 Ditto

j8 Ditto

19 Ditto

20 and upwards

Amount of

Duty for each Horse, Mare,

or Gelding.

£. /. d.

23 6

496

4 18 6

5 2 0

S 3 0

S 7 6

5 10 0

5 10 0

5 12 0

5 17 6

5 17 6

S 17 6

5 18 0

18 0

5 18 0

5 18 0

5 18 6

59 6

6 0 0

6 1 0

RULES for charging the said Duties.

The said Duties to be payable annually for every Horse, Mare, or Gelding, used on any Occasion for the Purpose of riding, or of drawing any Carriage for which any Duty is payable by this Act, or hired by the Year, or any longer Period, and to be paid by the Person or Persons using the fame, except as after mentioned.

EXEMPTIONS from the said Duties in Schedule (E.) No. 1 #. And fee

I. — Any Person or Persons who shall keep any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, which shall be used truly and (M.)

without Fraud for the Purpose of Husbandry, or of drawing any Carriage (except such Carriages as are liable Husbandry to any Duty by this Act, or carrying Burthens in the Course of the Trade or Occupation of the Person or Persons to whom such Horse, Mare, or Gelding shall belong, ) although such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, shall be used for riding on the Occasions and in Manner herein after mentioned; that is to say, when returning from any Place to which any Load or Burthen shall have by such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, been drawn or carried, or in going to any Place from whence any Load or Burthen shall be to be brought back by any such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, or on account of such Horse, Mare, or Gelding having been used for the Purpose of riding to procure Medical Assistance, or for the Purpose of riding to or from Market, or to or from any Place of Publick Worship, or to or from any Election of Members to serve in Parliament, or to or from any Courts of Justice, or to or from any Meeting of the Commissioners of Taxes; provided such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, shall not on any Occasion be used for any other Purpose save as aforesaid.

II. — Any Person occupying a Farm as Tenant at Rack Rent, the Rent of which shall be less than 1^70 a Year, and making a Livelihood solely thereby; or any Person occupying any K/late on any other Tenure than 13 Tenant at Rack Rent, solely, or such Estate, together with a Farm at Rack Rent, the Value of which in the Whole shall be less than equivalent to a Farm at the Rack Rent of £70 a Year; (reckoning the Value of every Estate occupied by the Owner thereof, or on any Tenure other than as Tenant at Rack Rent, as equivalent to double the Amount of the like Farm at Rack Rent); and making a Livelihood solely by such his own Krtate, or by such Estate and Farm jointly, and using occasionally for the Purpose of riding any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, which shall be bona fide kept and usually employed for the Purposes of Husbandry.

III. — Any Person occupying a Farm, and making a Livelihood solely thereby, or any Person carrying on a Horicfor Trad?, and making a Livelihood solely thereby, or making a Livelihood by such Occupation and Trade Taxed Cart*, jointly; or any Ecclesiastical Person not po fie fil'd of an Annual Income of £.100 or upwards, whether arising from any Ecclesiastical Preferment or otherwise; for One Horse, Mare, or Gelding used only for the Purpose of drawing any Carriage with less than Four Wheels, liable to the Duty hereby made payable on Taxed

Farmer* under 70l. at Rack Rcut.

396 C. 55

4S0 GEORGII III.

A.D. 1808.

Stc § b.of this

d; & §41 if 4 5G. 3. C. 101.

Schedule (E.) No. 2.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable on HORSES let to Hire.

For every Horse, Mare, or Gelding, let to Hire for the Purpose of riding, or of drawing any £. s % such Carriage as aforesaid, for any Period of Time less than One Year, in any Manner so that the Stamp Office Duty, payable by Law on Horseslet to Hire, shall not be payable, the Sum of 2 13 6

To be charged annually on the Person or Persons letting the fame; provided, if a due Return thereof shall not be made by the Hirer or Hirers, according to this the progressive Duty, as set forth in Schedule (E.)

No. 1. shall be chargeable in respect of every such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, on the Person or Persons hiring the fame, and making such Default as aforesaid, subject to the Provisions contained in this Act concerning the same.

Schedule (E.) No. 3.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable on HORSES kept for the Purpose of racing or running for any Plate, Prize, or Sum of Money, or other Thing, or kept in training for any of the said Purposes.

For every Horse, Mare, or Gelding, bona fide kept for the Purpose of racing or running for £. s. d. any Plate, Prize, or Sum of Money, or other Thing, or kept in training for any of the said Purposes, whether in the Stables of the Proprietor or Proprietors, or of any other Person or Persons, the Sum of - -.. .2136

The said Duty to be charged annually on the Person or Persons having the Custody, Charge, or Management of such Horses, Mares, or Geldings.

SCHEDULE (F.) No. 1.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable for all HORSES, MARES, and GELDINGS, not charged with any Duty according to the Schedule (E.)No. 1, 2, and 3, and also on Mules.

For every Horse, Mare, or Gelding, not chargeable with any Duty according to the Schedule £. /. d. (E.) No. 1, 2, and 3, as aforesaid, and for every Mule, except in the Cases herein after mentioned wherein other Duties are made payable, the Sum of - 0 14 0

Schedule (F.) No. 2.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable on HUSBANDRY HORSES,

in the Cases herein after mentioned.

Any person occupying a Farm at Rack Rent, the Rent of which shall be less than £20 a Year, and making a Livelihood solely thereby, or occupying any Estate on any other Tenure than as Tenant at Rack Rent solely, or such other Ellate, together with a Farm at Rack Rent, the Value of which in the whole shall be less than equivalent to a Farm at the Rack Rent of £20 a Year, (reckoning the value of every Estate occupied^by the Owner thereof, or on any Tenure other than as Tenant at Rack Rent, as equivalent to double the Amount of the like Farm at Rack Rent, ) and making a Livelihood solely by such his own Ellate, or by suchl Ellate and Farm, jointly, or principally thereby, and likewise a Proiit by any Trade or Employment, and keeping not more than Two Horses, Marcs, Geldings, or Mules, bona fide for the Purpose of such Occupation, shall be charged for each of such Two Horses, Marcs, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of

Any Person occupying a Farm at Rack Rent in Wales or Scotland, the Rent of which shall be less than ^10 Sterling a Year, and making a Livelihood principally thereby, or occupying any Estate on any other Tenure than as Tenant at Rack Rent, or such other Ellate, together with a Farm at Rack Rent, the Value of which in the Whole shall be less than equivalent to a Farm at the Rack Rent of jCio Sterling a Year, (reckoning the Value of every Ellate1 occupied by the Owner thereof, or on any Tenure other than as Tenant at Rack Rent, as equivalent to double the Amount of the like Farm at Rack Rent), and making a Livelihood principally thereby, and likewise a Profit by any Trade or Employment, and keeping not more than Two Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, bona fide for the Purposes of such Occupation, and of such Trade or Employment jointly, or either of them separately, shall be charged for each of such Two Horses, Marcs, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of

0 a 10

0 »i°

RULES

RULES for charging the Duties, as set forth in Schedule (F.) No. 1, and 2.

The said Duties to be charged annually, and paid by the Person or Persons keeping or using such Horses, Mares, Geldings or Mules, and to be payable for every Horse, Mare or Gelding-, and Mule, which shall not be chargeable nor have been charged with any Duty payable in that Year, according to the preceding Schedule, marked (E.) by virtue of the Rules or Exemptions therein contained, except as herein after is mentioned.

EXEMPTIONS from the Duties in Schedule (F.) No. I, and 2.

Any Person whatever, (or any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, not being by due Admeasurement of the Height of Thirteen Hands, of Four Inches to each Hand, or which shall not at any Time whatever hare been uied for any Purpose of Labour or otherwise.

EXEMPTIONS to the several Duties, as set forth in the several Schedules marked (E.)# and (F.)

Case I.- — Any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, belonging to His Majesty, or any of the Royal Family.

Case II. — Any Postma/ler, Innkeeper, or other Person, licensed for that Purpose by the Commissioners appointed to manage the Duties charged on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, in respect of any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, let to Hire by him or her, in any Manner where the Stamp Office Duty payable on Horses let to Hire shall be duly satished and paid on each letting, and which shall not, on any Occasion, be used for any other Purpose,

Case III. — Any Person duly licensed to keep any Carriage whatever, to be employed as a publick Stage Coach or Carriage for the Purpose of conveying Passengers for Hire from different Places in Great Britain, in respect of any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, which is or shall be actually and solely used and employed by such Person in drawing such Stage Coach or Carriage from Place to Place for Hire.

Case IV. — Any Person been fed by the Commissioners for Hackney Coaches within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Suburbs thereof, to keep any Hackney Coach or Coaches, for any Horses, Marcs, or Geldings, kept for the Purpose of drawing such Coach, in respect of the Duties in Schedule (E.) No. 1. and for Two Horses, Mares, or Geldings, and no more, kept for the Purpose of drawing each Coach so licensed in respect to the Duties iu Schedule (F.) No. j.

Case V. — Any Dealer in Horses, a/leffed to the Duties made payable by this Action such Dealers, for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, belonging to such Dealer, and kept bona fide for Sale, and not kept or used for any other Purpose or in any other Manner.

Case VI. — Any Person who, on account of Poverty, shall be discharged from the AffeAment made in respect of his or her Dwelling House, in pursuance of the Regulations of any of the Acts herein mentioned, for any Horse, Mare or Gelding, provided such Person shall not keep more than One such Horse, Mare, ov Gelding, and the same shall not be let to Hire.

Case VII. — Any Rector, Vicar, or Curate, actually doing Duty in the Church or Chapel of which he is Rector, Vicar, or Curate, who shall not be possessed of an Income of sixty Pounds per Annum or upwards, whether arising from Ecde/ialtical Preferment or otherwise; and who shall not keep more than one Horse, Mare, or Gelding, for the Purpose of riding, which otherwise would be chargeable with Duty according to the Provision6 of this Act, except such Person who shall occasionally perform the Duty appertaining to any Rector,

Vicar, or Curate, without, being the regular officiating Minister of the Parish or Place jn which such Duty shall be performed.

Case VIII. — Any c If dive Officer commandinga Volunteer Corps claiming and returning his Exemption for such Number of Hor'is, Mares, or Geldings as he shall have been required to keep for flis Majesty's Service in such Corps and no more, in the Manner required by the said last-mentioned Act.

Case IX. — Any Field Officer not being Commandant, and any Adjutant of any Volunteer Corps, and any Person serving in any Corps of Yeomanry Volunteer Cavalry, or providing a Horse, Mare, or Gelding for any other Person serving in any such Corps who shall be returned in the Manner required by Law as effectice, and as having used any Horse, Marc, or Gelding, for such Service on the several Days of Muller and Exercise of such Corps; provided in every such last-mentioned Case the Exemption shall be claimed and returned in the Manner required by the said la/l-mentioned Act, and a Certificate ffinll be delivered of such effectice Service in the Manner required by the Eleventh Section of an Act passed in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, €t An Act to consolidate and amend the Provisions of the several 44^3Acts relating to Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers in Great Britain, and to make further Regulations § u.

41 relating thereto.99

Case X. — Any^Non-comiraflioned Officer or Private of any of the Regiments of Cavalry, or in the Artillery, Soldier*. fcr any Horse used in His Majesty, s Service.

+//ul fee Schedule (M.) Royal family. Polbnattere.

Si use Coach Matters.

Harkney

Coat'liincB.

Horse-Dcalm.

Poor Persons.

Curates.

Commanding Officer* of Volunteers.

Officers and Privates of Volunteer Cavalry.

48 Cm. III.

3 F

SCHEDULE

LE

SCHEDULE (G.)

A SCHEDULE of the Duties made payable on DOGS.

For every Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Lurcher, or Terrier, the annual Sum of -

For every Dog of whatever Description or Denomination the fame may be, where any Person shall keep Two or more Dogs, either for his or her own Use, or the Use of any other Person or Persons, the annual Sum of -

For every Dog not being a Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Lurcher, or Terrier, kept by any Person having One such Dog, and no more, wt ether the fame be kept for his or her own Use, or the Use of any other Person or Persons, the annual Sum of

The said Duties to be paid by the Persons respectively keeping such Dogs.

And pe

Sihcdult , M).

It oval Farrn'y. Poor Persons.

Whelps.

Parks of Hounds compounded lor.

/. I 0 n 6

0 n 6

070

EXEMPTIONS from the Duties in Schedule (G.)

Case I. — Any Dog belonging to His Majesty, or any of the Royal Family.

Case II. — Any Person who, on account of Poverty, shall be discharged from the Aflc/Tment made in respect of his or her Dwelling House in pursuance of the Regulations of any of the Acts herein mentioned, and having One Dog, and 110 more, the fame not being a Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Lurcher, or Terrier.

Case III — Any Person in respect of a Dog or Whelp, which at the Time of returning the Lift of Dogs as by this Act is required, shall not actually be of the Age of Six Calendar Months.

Case IV. — Any Person in respect of the whole Number of Hounds by him or her kept in Great Britain, who shall compound for the fame, in any Year within Thirty Days after the Fifth Day of April in such Year, in pursuance of Notice given to the Collector or Collectors of the said Duty for any Parish or Place, where such Person shall be liable to be a/lefTed, of his or her Intention so to do, and on Payment of the full Sum of Thirty-four Pounds Sterling to such Collector or Collectors, for which a Receipt shall be given within the Period before-mentioned.

SCHEDULE (H.)

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable by HORSE DEALERS.

Every Person who shall use or exercise the Trade and Business of a Horse-Dealer within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Liberties of the fame respectively, the Parishes of Saint Mary-le-bone and Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, the annual Duty of Every Person who shall use or exercise the Trade and Business of a Horse Dealer in any other Part of Great Britain, the annual Duty of -

22 10 0

11 0

How chargeable.

VpTTwirried

Daughters.

SCHEDULE (I.)

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable by Persons in respect of HAIR POWDER

used or worn by them.

- " " £. n

By every Person who shall have used or worn any Hair Powder within the Period limited by any

of the Acts herein mentioned, the annual Sum of - - -136-

RULES for charging the said Duties.

I. — The said Rate or Duty to extend to every Sort or Composition of Powder used or worn by any Person as an Article of, or in, or about, his or her Dress, by whatever Name the same shall be distinguished, and to be afielTcd upon and paid by the Person having used or worn the fame within the Year preceding the Term for which the Assessment ought to be made, except as herein after mentioned.

II. — The unmarried Daughters of any Person shall not he chargeable with the said last-mentioned Duties by this Act made payable, or with the Duties payable at the Time of passing this Act, or be required to make a .y Return under this Act, or the Acb in force at the Time of pa/Ting this Act, provided the Parent of such Daughters shall have more than Two unmarried Daughters, and shall have given an Account many Lift by him or her delivered under this Act, or the Acts now in force, of the whole Number of such Daughters, and rial have required to be affected and charged for the whole Number by One Assessment, in which Case every such Parent shall be assefied and charged in respect to the whole Number of such Daughters in Twice the Sum lo payable on any lingle Person for his or her having worn Hair Powder, which shall exempt the whole Number of Daughters from the said Duties, and each of them $ and that neither the Person giving such Account, or any

A.D. 1808.

48° GEORGII III.

399

C. 55.

SCH EDUCE (I.] — continued.

of the Persons returned in such Account, in refnest of whom such Charge shall be made, shall in such Case be liable to any of the Penalties imposed by this Act, or the Acts now in force, by reason of the Duty not being paid for the whole Number of such Daughters.

III. — 'Phe Mailer or Mill refs of any Servant who shall have declared his or her Intention to pay the Duty Servant*, which may te charged or chargeable as aforesaid in respect of such Servant, and shall in any Lilt or Lifts returned by him or her have given a true Account of all the Servants by him or her kept, in respect of whom such Duty shall be payable, letting forth the lev era I Capacities in which such Servants are respectively kept,

/hall he charged for such Servant or Servants; and in every such Case, every inch Servant shall be deemed and coiiPrud to be exempted from the said Duties during his, her, or their Continuance in the fame Service; and alfoe ery Servant, who shall come into the Service of such Mailer or Millrefs in the room of such Servant nan ed therein, to serve in the lame Capacity during the Year in which the Duty shall be so charged; and no Servant named in such List or Lists, or any Servant serving such Mailer or Millrels in any Capacity mentioned in such List or Lists, shall, during the Year for which such Duty shall be charged, be required for himself or herself to make any such Return, onto pay the said Duties, or either of them, nor be liable to any Penalty by reason of not making any such Return, or not paying the said Duty,

EXEMPTIONS from the said Duties.

I. — Any of the Royal F imily, and any of the menial Servants of His Majesty, or any of the Royal Family. Royal Family.

II. — Any Officer in actual Employ in His Majest v's Navy, under the Rank of Commander; or any Officer Naval and Mdi-holdinga Commission iu His Majesty's Navy under the said Rank, who shall be employed on the Establishment tary Officer*, of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich; or any Subaltern or Non-commissioned Officer or private Man belonging Soldier*.

to any Regiment in the Army, Artillery, Militia, Division of Marines, or Corps of Engineers; or any Person inrolled and actually serving in any Volunteer Corps or Body of Men associated for the Defence of any City, Volunteers. Town, or Place, and for maintaining publick Tranquillity and good Order within the same, whether of Infantry or Cavalry, which now are or hereafter shall be raised; provided that every such Person inrolled and serving as aforesaid, so claiming to be exempted, shall make such Return as by this Act is directed*, with respe<5l to the See §5 of Claim of Exemptions; provided, that ever)' such Claim shall be proved by the Certificate of the Commanding this Act & Officer of the Corps, in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (N.), and according to theaG. a. c. l61* Regulations of this Act in other Cases of Exemption by such Volunteers.

III. — Any Clergyman who shall not be possessed of an Annual Income of 100l. or upwards, whether arising Clergymen, Stc. from Ecclesiastical Preferment or otherwise; or any Preacher or Preachers of any Congregation of Dissenters, or any Person dissenting from the Church of England, in Holy Orders, or pretended Holy Orders, who now isorat any Time hereafter shall be entitled to the Benefit of the Statute made in the First Year of the Reign of the late King William and Queen Mary, intituled, 'An Act for exempting Their Majesties' Protestant iW.&M,

' Subjects dilfenting from the Church of England from the Penalties of certain Laws; or of the Statute made ft-1* c-in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, 'An Act for the further Relief of 19 G. 3. c. 44.

' Protellant Dissenting Ministers and Schoolmasters; or of the Statute made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, 'An Act to relieve, upon Conditions and under Restri<5lions, the 31 G. 3. c. 3a.

' Persons therein described, from certain Penalties and Disabilities to which Papists, or Persons professing the 1 Popish Religion, are by Law subjcCl, ' and who shall not be possessed of an Annual Income of 100l. or upwards, however arising; and the Income arising from any Benefice or Benefices shall be eftiinated on the Average Amount thereof, computed on the Period of Seven Years next preceding that on which such Exemption shall be claimed.

SCHEDULE (K.)

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable by Persons in respect of any Armorial Bearing or Ensign, used or worn by them, by whatever Name the same shall be called; videlicet,

By every such Person chargeable with any Duty made payable by this Act, for any Coach or other Carriage, the Annual Sum of -

By every such Person not chargeable for any such Coach or other Carriage, but who shall be chargeable to any of the Duties on Inhabited Houses, or to the Duties on Houses, Windows, or Lights, made payable by this Act, the Annual Sum of By every such Person not chargeable for any such Coach or other Carriage, nor being chargeable to the said Duties 011 Inhabited Houses, or to the Duties on Houses, Windows, or Lights, the Annual Sum of -

£. /. </. 280

140

O 12 O

The said Duties to be paid by every Person having used or caused to be used any Armorial Bearing or Ensign by whatever Name the fame is or shall be called, within the Year preceding the Term for which the A/fcftment ought to be made, and to extend to every Person who within the said Period shall have been possessed of, or shall Lave kept or had any Coach or other Carriage chargeable with the Duty by this Act, or any Seal, Plate, or

3F2

e

SCHEDULE (K.) — continued*

other Article, on which Carriage, Seal, Plate, or other Article, any Armorial Bearing or Ensign is or shall have been, during the said Period, painted, engraved, marked, or affixed, and whether such Armorial Bearing or Ensign shall be registered in the College of Arms or not.

EXEMPTIONS from the said Duties as set forth in Schedule (K.)

Hoyd Family. Any of the Royal Family; or any Person who shall, by Right of Office or by Appointment, have worn or Public Offices. used any of the Arms or Insignia worn or used by the Royal Family, or used in any City, Borough, or Town

Corporate, in that Part of Great Britain before described.

SCHEDULE (L.)

A SCHEDULE of the Duties made payable in respect of killing GAME.

Upon every Person who shall use any Dog, Gun, Net, or other Engine, for the Purpose of taking or killing any Game whatever, or any Woodcock, Snipe, Quail, or Landrail, or any Conies, in any Part of Great Britain:

If such Person shall be a Servant to any Person duly charged in respect of such Servant to the Duties granted on Servants by this Act, and shall use any Dog, Gun, Net, or other Engine, for any of the Purposes before mentioned, upon any Manor or Royalty in England, Wales, or Berwick-upon-Tweed, or upon any Lands in Scotland, by virtue of any Deputation or Appointment, duly registered or entered as Game-keeper thereto, there shall be charged the Annual Sum of - - - 1

And if such Person as last aforesaid shall not be a Servant for whom the said Duties on Servants shall be charged, there shall be charged the Annual Sum of - - g

Upon every other Person who shall use any Dog, Gun, Net, or other Engine, for any of the Purposes before-mentioned, there shall be charged the Annual Sum of -

u

1

3

3

L

0

0

0

EXCEPTIONS to the above Duties*

I. The taking of Woodcocks and Snipes with Nets or Springes.

2* The taking or destroying of Conies in Warrens, or in any inclosed Ground whatever, or by any Person in Lands in his or her Occupation, either by himself or herself, or by his or her Direction or Command.

Duty for using Do^s, Gun, &c. shall be paid to to Collectors of ^fTWfed Taxes annually.

Colleton shall give receipts.

See Schedule

(N.j II. — V.

His Fee is.

Receipts shall be ext lumped for CVro.fKfttes by Clerk to

Comadflioners.

RULES for charging the said last-mentioned Duties.

I. — Every Person who intends to use or shall use at any Time after the Thirtieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, any Dog, Gun, Net, or other Engine for any of the Purposes mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (L.) shall, before he shall so use the fame in any Year, payor cause to be paid in each Year unto the Collectors of the Duties mentioned or referred to in the other Schedules of this Act, for the Parish, Ward, or Place, where he shall reside, if in England, or to the Collector of the Cess, or his Deputy, for the Shire, County, Borough, or Place where he shall reside, if in Scotland, or one of them respectively as aforesaid for the Time being, the Duty hereby made payable, and shall obtain a Certificate thereof in the Manner herein directed; which Certificate shall continue in force until and upon the Fifth Day of Jpril next after the Time of issuing the fame, and no longer.

II. — Every Collector on Application to him made by any Person residing within the Limits of his Collection,

and on Payment to such Collector of the Duty hereby made payable, shall give a Receipt for the fame, which Receipt shall be signed by such Collector, and made out conformable to such of the Forms for Certificates in the Schedule to this Act annexed, as the Case may require; and every such Receipt shall be a Charge on the Parish or Place for which such Collector shall be appointed for the Sum therein expressed, in like Manner and to the like ESedl as if the said Sum had been previously assessed and levied by such Collector under the Warrant of the Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act; for which Receipt the said Collector shall be entitled to demand and receive from such Person, the Sum of One Shilling over and above the said Duty, and no more, which Sum shall be deemed the Compensation to such Collector for his Pains and Care in executing this Act; and the Duty so'received shall be paid to the Receiver General or his Deputy, at his or their next Receipt of Duties, in full and without Deduction; provided that the Receipts given for the Duties contained in this Schedule shall not be liable to any Stamp Duty whatever. '

III. — Every such Receipt being delivered to the Clerk of the Commissioners acting for the District where the Person aforesaid shall reside, shall be exchanged for a Certificate made out in one of the Forms in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (N.) corresponding with such Receipt, which Certificate the said Clerk is hereby required, on Demand, to make out and deliver gratis to such Person in Exchange for the said Receipt.

r^t TV. — The

A.D. 1808.

48° GEORGII III.

C-55*

401

IV. — The said Receipts, so exchanged, shall severally be entered by the said Clerks respectively in Books to be kept for that Purpose, in the Manner to be directed by the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and the said Books, together with the said Receipts, being exhibited to the Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act for the District, and examined by them, shall be a sufficient Authority to them from Time to Time to cause an Assessment to be made on the several Persons mentioned in such Receipts in the respective Sums paid by them, which Assessments shall be of the like Force and EfFed, in all respects, and shall be as binding on the several Collectors and others acting in the Execution of this Act, and on the several Parishes and Places for which such Collegers shall have been respectively appointed, as any Assessment to be made by the said Commissioners respectively under the Regulations of the said Acts under which they ad as Commissioners; and the said Commissioners shall return Duplicates thereof to the Receiver General, and to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, in the Manner directed by the said Acts.

V. — The Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes shall cause a sufficient Number of Receipts to be distributed amongst the several Clerks, 'and by them to the several Collectors in tlwir respective Districts, and the said Clerks n respectively shall be accountable to the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes for the fame; and the several Collectors shall be accountable to the respective Clerks for the fame; and the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes shall also cause a sufficient Number of Forms to Be used for Certificates, according to the Forms specified in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (N.) to be distributed to the respective Clerks in like Manner.

Tommi/Tinnerf shall also Is Parties accordingly.

Comm i/Tinners .shall provide Forms of ! Receipts and Certificates.

VI. — In any District wherein no Clerk shall be appointed to ad in the Execution of the said Acts, the Where no Clerk, Surveyor of the fame District shall execute the Duty of such Clerk in all Matters and Things herein required to Surveyor shall be done by such Clerk, and in every such Case the Certificates herein required shall and may be issued by such a<*

Surveyor, according to the Directions of this Act; and in every Place for which One Collector only shall be Cu|je£ors appointed, who fhaB be chargeable to the Duty contained in this Schedule, an Acknowledgement in Writing 0, ^1 be charged under the Hand of such Collector, that he is chargeable with the said Duty, and delivered to such Clerk or with Duty, Surveyor respectively as aforesaid, shall be a sufficient Authority for such Clerk or Surveyor to issue a Certificate if to such Collector, and to make an Assessment of the said Duty upon such Collector as in other Cases under this Act-

VII. — Every Master or Mistress charged or liable to be charged to the Duties on Servants mentioned in the Game-keepers' laid Schedule marked (C.) No. I. annexed to this Act, in respect of any Gamekeeper, whether such Person Cmiiicati*. shall have been deputed or appointed by such Master or Mistress, or by any other Person or Persons, and every Person granting a Deputation or Appointment to the Servant of any other Person, who shall be duly charged to the said Duty on Servants, in respect of such Servant, whether as Gamekeeper, or in any other Capacity, with Power and Authority to use any Dog, Gun, Net, or other Engine, for any of the Purposes mentioned in this Schedule, shall beat liberty to obtain a Receipt and Certificate on behalf of such Servant, on Payment of the Duty for the fame, in the Manner before directed; and such Receipt and Certificate shall be a sufficient Authority to assess the Master or Mistress or Person granting such Deputation or Appointment, and obtaining such Receipt and Certificate as aforesaid; and the Certificate to be issued thereupon, shall be deemed and con limed to exempt the Servant or Servants named therein, during his or their Continuance in the fame Capacity and Service; and also to exempt any Servant or Servants of the fame Master or Mistress who shall succeed to the Deputation or Appointment of the fame Manor or Royalty, or Lands, within the Year for which the Duty shall be so assessed for and during the Remainder of such Year; and no such Servant in whose Behalf a Receipt and Certificate hath been duly obtained as aforesaid, shall be required to obtain a Certificate for himself, nor be liable to the Duty hereby granted, nor to any Penalty by reason of not obtaining a Certificate in his own Name, or for not paying the said Duty: Provided always, that every Certificate granted under this A d to any Person.acting under any Deputation or Appointment, shall, upon the Revocation of such Deputation or Appointment, be from thenceforth void and of no further Eifed, as to the Person therein deputed or appointed; provided, that if any Lord or Lady of any Manor in England* Wales* or Berwick-upon-Tweed* or Proprietor of Lands in Scotland* shall, on the Revocation of any Deputation or Appointment by virtue of which a Certificate hath been granted for any Year, make a new Deputation or Appointment within the same Ytar, to any Person in his or her Service, or in the Service of the fame Master or Mistress who shall have been charged, as well to the Duties on Servants as to the Game Duties granted by this Act, it shall be lawful for the Clerk to the Commissioners of the District, and every such Clerk is hereby required in such Case to renew the Certificate for the Remainder of that Year, in behalf of the Person so newly appointed, without any Duty or Fee, by endorsing on such Certificate the Name and Place of Abode of the Person to whom such last-mentioned Deputation or Appointment had been granted, and declaring the same to be a renewed Certificate, free of Duty or Fee.

VIII. — Neither the Assessment of the Duty hereby imposed, nor the Payment thereof, nor the Certificate Unqualified delivered, nor any Thing herein contained or done in pursuance of this Act shall authorize or enable any Persons n*t Person to use any Dog, Gun, Net or other Engine, for any of the Purposes mentioned in this Schedule, at prote<4«i by any Time or Times, or in any Manner prohibited by any Law in force at and immediately before the passing of ^nificate, &c, this Act, nor unless such Person shall be duly qualified so to do, under and by virtue of the Laws in being;

and all Penalties and Forfeitures, Actions and Suits, shall and may be prosecuted and maintained for such Offences as if this Act had not been made.

IX. --No Assessment or Certificate under this Act, or Payment of the Duty hereby imposed, by or for any Game-keeper*

Person acting under a Deputation or Appointment, shall be received in Evidence, or be available in Law or Ceru/kate cou-Equity, in any Suit or Prosecution under this Act, where Proof shall be given of using any Dog, Gun, Net, todi*

or other Engine for any of the Purposes mentioned in this Schedule, out of the Prccinds or Limits of the Manor, Royalty, or Laada for which such Deputatioa or Appointment was made or granted.

X. — If

402

4S° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1808.

C. 55.

OrtificatM ihrdl

by pnxlmrd by Persons uiing Dog, - Gun, &c. on Demand of any Afleifor, Collector, Land Owner, &c.

Penally 20l.

Publication of Names ot Persons obtaining Certificates.

Penalty on using Gun, l) of, K. c. without CVrti-fmate, 'iol. and Surcharge of Duty.

X. — If any Person shall be found using any Dog, Gun, Net, or other Engine in Great Britain, for any of the Purposes mentioned in this Schedule, in respect whereof such Person Avail be chargeable ?s aforesaid, by any Assessor or Collector of the Parish where any such Person shall then be, or by any Commissioner for the Execution of this Act, acting for the County, Riding, Divihon or Place, in which such Person shall then be, or by any Lord or Lady, or Gamekeeper of the Manor, Royalty or Lands wherein fneh Person shall then be, or by any Inspector or Surveyor of Taxe6 acting in the Execution of this Act for tire Dillricl in which such Person shall then be, or by any Person duly assessed to the Duties granted in this Schedule, or by the Owner, Landlord, Lessee, or Occupier of the Land in which such Person shall then be, it shall be lawful for such Assessor, Colli dor, Commissioner or Gamekeeper, Inipedor or Surveyor, or other Person assessed as aforesaid, or such Owner, Landlord, Leflec, or Occupier of Land as aforesaid, to demand and require from the Person so using such Dog, Gun, Net, or other Engine, the Production of a Certificate issued to him for that Purpose, which Certificate every such Person is hereby required to produce to the Person so demanding the fame, and permit him to read the fame, and (if he shall think fit) lo take a Copy thereof or any Part thereof; or in case no such Certificate shall be produced to the Person demanding the same as aforesaid, then it shall be lawful for the Person having made such Demand to squire the Person so ufmgfuch Dog, Gun, Net, or other Engine, forthwith to declare to him his Christian and Surname, and Place of Residence, and the Parish or Place (if any) in which he shall have been assessed to the Duties by this Act granted; and if any such Person shall, after such Demand made, wilfully refuse to produce and shew a Certificate issued to him for that Purpose, or in default thereof as aforesaid, to give in to the Person so demanding the fame his Christian and Surname, and Place of Residence, and the Parish or Place (if any) in which he shall have been assessed, or shall produce any false.or fiditious Certificate, or give any false or fictitious Name, Place of residence, or Place of AflVfiment, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be sued for, recovered, and applied in like Manner as any Penalty may be sued for, recovered and applied by the Acte herein mentioned, relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; provided that the Commissioners before whom the Information for the said Penalty shall be made, shall also be Justices of the Peace of and for the same County, Riding, Division or Place where the said Offence shall be committed.

XI. — The Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes shall once, or oftener, in every Year, as soon as conveniently may be after such Certificates shall have been issued, cause the Names and Residences of the several Persons to or for whom such Certificates have been granted for that ifear, in each County in Great Britain, distinguishing the Persons abling under any Deputations or Appointments from others, and the Manors, Royalties, or Lands, for which Deputations or Appointments have been granted, and also distinguishing the Rate of Duty assessed, to be inserted in some Newspaper circulated in each respective County, or in such other Newspaper, and in such Manner as to them shall teem proper.

XIL — If any Person or Persons shall, after the Thirtieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, use any Dog, Gun, Net or other Engine, for any of the Purposes mentioned in this Schedule, without having obtained such Certificate as is directed by this Act, in order to an Assessment for the Year wherein such Person or Persons shall so use such Dog, Gun, Net or other Engine, every such Person shall be liable to the Duty of Three Pounds Three Shillings, in the said Schedule mentioned for that Year, and also shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, over and above the said Duty; and the said Duty shall be assessed by way of Surcharge, according to the Directions of the said Acts respectively, in the District where the OfFence shall be committed; and the said Penalty shall be sued for in like Form and Manner as any Penalty may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered by the Acts herein mentioned, relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or any of the said A its.

EXEMPTIONS from die Duties in Schedule (L.)

I. — Any of the Royal Family.

Irish Members i Tar! ament a' <1 public Otticers.

SCHEDULE (M.)

No. i.

Further EXEMPTIONS from the several Duties in the several Schedules marked (C.) (D.) (E.) and (G.)

All Persons having ordinarily resided in Ireland before the Commencement of the Session of Parliament in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and being Members of either House of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, whether on the Part of Ireland, or for any Place in Great Britain, and all Persons who shall hereafter be Members of the said Parliament as aforesaid, and who shall have ordinarily resided in Ireland previous to the Commencement of the Session of Parliament in which they shall respectiwly serve in Parliament, and all Persons having ordinarily resided in Ireland as aforesaid, or who shall hereafter he ordinarily resident therein, and now holding or who shall hereafter hold Offices or Publick Employment* in Ireland and are now residing in Great Britain, or who shall hereafter refule in Great Britain, with the Approbation or by the Order or Direction of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Chief Governors of

3 _ Irek'd

SCHEDULE (M.) — continued,

Ireland for the Time being, or of his or their Chief Secretary for the Time being, and which shall be certified under the Hand of the Lord Lieutenant, Chief Governor or Chief Governors, or his or their Chief Secretary, to be therein rrfident for the Purposes of assisting in the Execution of Publick Business, shall be wholly discharged a.id exempted from the Duties set forth in the Schedules to this Act annexed, marked (C.), (D.), i£.), and (G.); provided that this Exemption shall not extend to any Person ordinarily resident in Ireland as aforesaid, being a Member of uther House of Parliament of the United Kingdom, who hath resided or shall reside in Great Britain longer than during the Session of Parliament, and Forty Days before and Forty Days after each Session, nor to any Article on which a Duty is by this Act made payable, which shall be retained, kept, employed, o^used by such Person in Great Britain, during the Residence of such Person in Ireland: Provided also, that this Exemption shall not extend to any Person ordinarily resident in Ireland as aforesaid, bolding an Office or Publick Employment in Ireland, unless the Approbation in Writing, or such Order or Direction of the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Chief Governors of Ireland for the Time being, or of his or their Chief Secretary for the Time being, and a Description of the Place of Abode in Great Britain of the Persons respectively holding such Offices or Employment shall have been before the passing of this Act delivered into, the Office of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes in Somerset Place, or shall be so delivered within Twenty Days after the passing of this Act, with respect to Persons then in Great Britain, or within Thirty Days after the Arrival in Great Britain of such Persons respectively, who shall thereafter arrive: Provided also, that no Person shall, for the Purposes of claiming this Exemption, be deemed to be ordinarily resident in Ireland, unless he shall reside therein during such Portion of the Year as is not covered by the Privilege herein provided: And, for the better ascertaining the Fadl of such Residence, every Person claiming the Benefit of this Exemption, shall verify the fame upon Oath (if required t before the Com* flrtffiouers acting in the Execution of this Act, in the District where such Person shall reside.

Schedule (M.) No. 2.

Further EXEMPTIONS from the several Duties In the several Schedules, marked (C.) (D.) and (E.)

Any Sheriff of any County, or any Mayor or other Officer in any Corporation or Royal Burgh, serving an annual Office therein, who during such Year of Service shall have kept or shall keep any Number of Servants, Carriages, or Horses, greater than the Number such Person was aife/Ted to prior to the Year of such Service, and who shall have been assessed for such greater Number for One Year, shall be exempt from farther Afiefhnent for such greater Number for any other Year, although such Year of Service may have run into a Second Year of Assessment.

SCHEDULE (N.)

J. — Form of CERTIFICATE to be delivered by Members of Volunteer Corps. Sec Schedule'}.).

I, Commanding Officer of the do hereby certify, in pursuance of an II.

Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act [here insert the Title of this slB,] that the several Persons herein named and described are severally enrolled and serving in the said Corps, and have duly attended at the Muller and Exercise of the said Corps for Days, in the Course

of the Year next preceding the Date hereof, which Muller Rolls have been duly returned, testifying the fame pursuant to the said Act.

Si gned) Commanding Officer.

Dated the Day of

II. — Form of CERTIFICATE to be issued to every Gamekeeper, being a Servant for whom the SnSihcduhiL.) Mailer or Miltrcfs, or the Lord or Lady, or other Proprietor of the Manor or Royalty [[if in England'} [or, Lands, if in Scotland'] Bull be duly assessed to the Duty on Servants.

K° Game Duty Certificate (A.)

{To le used when the Servant

pm thr Duty.]

BY /L B, Clerk to the Commissioners acting in the Execution of the Acts for Assessed Taxes, for the Division of /., in the County of L,

Received from C.D. refidingin the Parish f ory Township] of f here name the Parish or Town [hip] in the hud County, ail assessed Servant of E.F. [here name the Majhr or Mijlref ] of f here name the Refulcuce of the Mcjhr or Mijlrrfs] (in Exchange for this Certificate, a Receipt under the Hand of G.//., one, of the Collectors of Assessed Taxes for the said Parish [or, Township} of [here name the Parish or Township]9 for ifye Sum of

x^iO(3^5LC

SCHEDULE CN.) — continued.

One Guinea, as the Game Duty chargeable upon the said C.D., in respect of his Deputation as Gamekeeper of the Manor or Royalty of K.y in the said County, [if the Certificate be granted in England, ) [or if in Scotland, in respect of his Appointment of Gamekeeper of the Lands of AT., in the said County.] Given in pursuance of an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of George the Third, and certified the Day

of in the Year of our Lord

(Signed) Clerk,

This Certificate will expire on the Day of

III.

N Game Duty Certificate (B.)

[To be tifed wbr n the Matter pays the Duty.]

BY A.B. Clerk to the Commissioners acting in the Execution of the Acts for Asseffed Taxes for the Division of /., in the County of L.

Received from E.F. [here name the Master or Mfirefs] refidingin the Parish [or, Place] of [here name the Residence of the Master or Mistress] in the said County, on behalf of C. D.y an assessed Servant of the said E.F. (in exchange for this Certificate's a Receipt under the Hand of G.H., one of the Collectors of Asseffed Taxes for the said Parish [ory Township] of [here name the Parish or Township]y for the Sum of One Guinea, as the Game Duty chargeable upon the said Servant in respect of his Deputation as Gamekeeper of the Manor or Royalty of K.y in the said County, {if the Certificate be granted in England, ) [or if in Scotland, in respect of his Appointment as Gamekeeper of the Lands of Kin the said County. J Given in pursuance of an A&passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of George the Third, and certified the Day of

in the Year of our Lord

(Signed) Clerk

This Certificate will expire on the Day of

IV. — Form of CERTICATE to be issued to every Gamekeeper not being an assessed Servant td any Person or Perform.

N° Game Duty Certificate (C.)

BY JiB. Clerk to the Commissioners acting in the Execution of the Acts for Assessed Taxes for the Divisioi of /., in the County of L.

Received from C.D.y residing in the Parish [or, Township] of [here name the Parish or Township] in the said County (in Exchange for this Certificate), a Receipt under the Hand of G. H.y one of the Collectors of Assessed Taxes for the said Parish [#r, Township] of [here name the Parish or Towrship]y for the Sum of Three Guineas, for the Game Duty chargeable upon the said C. D.y in respect of his Deputation as Gamekeeper of the Manor or Royalty of K.y in the said County, {if the Certificate be granted in England, ) [or if in Scotland, in respect of his Appointment as Gamekeeper of the Lands of K. in the said County,] the said C.D. not being an assessed Servant to any Person or Persons. Given in pursuance of an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of George the Third, and certified the Day of in the Year of our Lord

(Signed) Clerk

This Certificate ill expire on the Day of

V. — Form of CERTIFICATE to be issued to every Person not being a Gamekeeper.

Game Duty Certificate (D.)

BY A.B. Clerk to the Commissioners acting in the Execution of the Acts for Asseffed Taxes for the Division mt /. in the County of L.

Received from C.D. residing in the Parish Township] of [here name the Parish or Township] in the said County (in Exchange for this Certificate) a Receipt under the Hand of G.H. one of the Colledon; of Asseffed Taxes for the said Parish [or Township] of [here name the Parish or Township'] for the Sum of Three Guineas for the Game Duty, chargeable upon the said C D. in his own Right, throughout Great Britain. Given in pursuance of an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of George the Third, and certirxd the Day of in the Year of our Lord

(Signed) Ckri.

Thit Certificate will expire on the Day of

- "'"TyigTflzed by

A.D. 1808.

48° GEORGII III.

C.^6. 4rS

CAP. LVI.

An Act for abolifiling Fees received by Officers in the Service of the Customs in the several Ports of

Ireland; and for regulating the Hours of Attendance and the Number of Holidays to be observed

by the said Officer--, and certain Officers of Exciff. [lit June 1808.]

WHEREAS various Officers and other Persons in the Service of His Mufffty's Custorm and Port Duties

in the several Ports of Ireturn/, employed in the Examination, warehousing and Delivery of Goods < ni d Merchamlile imported, exported, or brought or carried Coastwise into or from the said Ports, have long

been in the Practice of receiving Fees and Gratuities for the Execution of their official Duties: And whereas ' great Inconvenience a riles therefrom, and also from the Number of Holidays kept at the said Ports,

1 and by various Officers of His Majesty's Revenues: And whereas it would greatly tend to the Benefit of the fair Trader and the Security of the Revenue if the said Fees were abolished, and the Attendance of the

Red Officers were properly regulated; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and wnh the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament ahembL'd, and hv the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of January One thoubnd right lumdivd and nine, no Fee, Perquisite, Gratuity or Reward, whether pecuniary or of any other Sort or l)e: cription whatever, shall be required, taken, or received from any Person or Persons whomsoever by any Officer, Clerk, Deputy, or other Person appointed by or acting under the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, or by any Officer, Clerk, Deputy, or other Person executing, performing, or afiilling in the Execution or Performance of any of the Duties, or acting by themselves or others in any of the Offices or Enudoymewts in or belonging to His Majesty's Customs and Port Duties in Inland, for any Service, Ad, Duty, Matter, or Tiling done or performed, or to be done or performed by any inch Officer, Clerk, Deputy, or other ICrion or PcHons on account of or relating to or under the Pretext of any such Office or Employment, except as is herein provided, any Thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding; and that if any such Officer, Ch-rk, Deputy, or other Person lhuil, at any Time after the said First Day of January One thousand e gilt hundred and nine, require, take, or receive any Fee, Perquisitc, Gratuity, or Reward whether pecuniary or of any other Sort or Delcrjption whatever, except as is herein excepted, either directly or indirectly, on account of or relating to or under Pretext of any such Office or Employment, or for any Service, Act, Duty, Mutter or Thing done or performed or to be done or performed therein, although the same shall be freely offered or given, every Inch Officer, Clerk, Deputy, or other Person shall, on Proof thereof to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, or any Four or more of them, be for such Offence peremptorily diimiffed from his Office or Employment, and be rendered incapable, and shall be ever after incapable of holding or executing or acting in any Office or Employment in the Service of His Majesty's Customs Or Fxei.c, or in any Branch of His Majesty's Revenue in Ireland.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in tlris Act contained shall extend or be con-fl-v td to extend to prevent any Officer or other Person holding or exereiling or acting in or perrorming the Bi des of any of the said Offices or Employments, from receiving such Reward or Satisfaction for or on account of any Detention, Seizure, or Forfeiture of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or any Penalty or Share of Penalty or Composition, which under any Law nmv in force, or hereafter to be passed in relation to the Duties uffer the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, he is or may be legally entitled to, or to prevent any such Officer, Clerk, or Person from receiving any Allowance, Gratuity, or Reward which the Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of Inland, or any Three or more of tffm, with the Consent of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for the Time F^g, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, or any Four or more of tlifin, with the like Content respectively, may think fit to direct.

III. 4 And, in order that proper Compensation may be made to any Officer, Clerk, or other Person employed in or holding any Office in the Service of the Customs at any Port in Inland, who may tuition L-ffj by the Abolition of Fees directed by this Act; be it enacted, That the Commissioners of Customs and Port D itirs shall, immediately after the passing of this Act, prepare Tables, containing the annual Amount of t!\e Les, P< rqniiites. Gratuities, and Rewards elV.tblished by Law or functioned by uninterrupted Uffge for "Pen Years lal't pull, which each Officer, Clerk, or other Person who may sultain a Lois by the Abolition of Fees directed by this Act received, or which his Predecessor or Prcdeceffurs and he did receive for any Service, Act, M.ittrr, or 'Thing done or executed by him or them in the Performance of the Duties of his or their Office or Employment held by him or them, during the Three Years ending on the lririt Day of January One thousand eiglil hundred and four, together with the yearly Average thereof, calcinated on the Amount of the said 'Three Years, exclusive of all Gratuities, Allowances, or Monies received by him or them out of His Mufflly's Re-vomits, or out of any Seizure, Fine, or Forfeiture, and shall lay the tame, certified under their Hands, before the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Inland fur the Time being, and before the said (ffmr.niffwrs for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of Cuiloms, and Port Duties, shall regularly pay orcu"F*tobe paid to every such Officer, Clerk, or other JYrh»n, such Sum annually by Wav of CompenfjtioH for lit' Luff o* Fees, Perquisites, and Gratuiti s under this Act, not exceeding in any Year thm average Amount atHaul, as the I.oid Lf*ulenu., t, or other Chi d (iover..ov or Governors of Ir, land i n- the 'Time being. Fad Cir- r. inyffr his or their Sign manual, counterhgned by Three or more of the said C »mu Timers for executing tbctijiiceof laxal High Trculurer; and every inch Payment by \\ n- of Coe'pe dation shall commence from the D .v whcoxui the Person for whom the fame ffial) be directed shall have coaled to take or receive any Fee,

48 Geo. III. j U Perquiiffe#

No F» rs shall be

mniiicrt <>r r» < e.\> d by nny (lli; c rr a unr.'rr il*r*

Conii»: iti: on«*rs of

(V.ion.s Hiri l\>Tt Duuci in lrtUiul.

Fxrrj Con Ji v<J

Si, a.r*s of Seizure*.

of '

( uiiums ib 'I al 11 .tin d. i

r- '-.w.: Ny t nil-- 1 '.or

10 I ( U t,

CornTnifTtimer

0 ill }»av I Macau

Amr1.1l < 1 >t J»- aCnion i'T Lob Oi TteS.

©nth of Officer receiving Com-j^eukuon,

Oath of alK' Oiiueis.

Hours of Attend amcc for Officers of the Customs.

Iv« } 10.]

fommissioners may require extra Attendance,

Not to compel Personal Attendance in certain Cases.

No Holidays, except those herein mentioned, flvdl be Vept by the Officers of the Customs*, nor by Excise Officers onccmed in granting Permits.

41 G. 3. c. 75. §h

C. 56. 48° GEORGII III. A.D. 180II.

Perquisite, Gratuity, or Reward, under the Direction of this Act, and shall continue daring the Time any such Person shall continue to hold such Office or Employment.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be entitled to receive any such Paymcst by Way of Compensation, or any Part thereof, until he shall have taken the following Oath; that is to say:

1 J / Bdo swear, That I will not require, take, or receive any Fee, Perquisite, Gratuity, or Reward,

whether pecuniary or of any other Sort or Description whatever, cither directly or indirectly, for any Service, Act, Duty, Matter, or Thing done or performed, or to be done or performed in the Execution or

Discharge of any of the Duties of my Office or Employment on any Account whatever, other than my Salary

and what is or shall be allowed me by Law. So help me God/

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall after the passing of this Act be appointed to any Office or Employment relating to the Customs or Port Duties in Ireland, shall at hi* Admission thereto take the following Oath; that is to say:

4, J A.B.y do* swear to be true and faithful in the Execution, to the best of my Knowledge and Powers, of the Trust committed to my Charge and Inspection in the Service of His Majesty's Customs; and that I

will not require, take, or receive any Fee, Perquisite, Gratuity, or Reward, whether pecuniary or of any other Sort or Description whatever, directly or indirectly, for any Service, A 6k, Duty, Matter, or Thing

'done or performed, or to be done or performed in the Execution or Discharge of any of the Duties of my Office or Employment on any Account whatever, other than my Salary, and what is or shall be allowed me by Law. So help me God.*

VII. 4 And whereas it is expedient for the Accommodation of Trade, and the better Management of tht

Revenue of Customs, that the Hours of Attendance of the Officers, Clerks, and other Persons employed in the Service of the Customs should be altered and regulated be it further enacted, That from and after Ten Days after the passing of this A 6k, all and every the Officers, Clerks, and Persons executing or performing or affilting in the Execution or Performance of any of the Duties, or acting in any Office or Employment belonging to His Majesty's Customs or Port Duties in Irelandt whether appointed by the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or by His Majesty's Patent, or by Deputation or other Instrument or Authority of any Patentee or other Officer or Person whatsoever, shall and they are hereby required, unless prevented by Sickueli or other unavoidable Cause, which shall be made appear to the Satisfaction of His Majesty's Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, duly and regularly to attend at the respective Offices or Places where their Duty il or shall be directed to be executed and performed at the Hours and Times following, on every Day of the Year except Sundays, and the other Days herein after excepted; that is to say, The Officers employed on the Quays, and all Out-door Officers, from the Ninth Day of November until the Tenth Day of May in every Year, from the Hour of Nine in every Morning to the Hour of Four in every Afternoon; and from the Ninth Day of May until the Tenth Day of November, in every Year, from the Hour of Eight in every Morning to the Hour of Four in every Afternoon; and the Clerks and In-door Officers, and all others employed in the Service of the said Customs and Port Duties, from the Hour of Nine in every Morning until the Hour of Four in every Afternoon, during the whole Year; and during the said Hours and Times there shall not beany Cessation or Intermission of Business on any Pretence or Account whatsoever, any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to prevent the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties from directing and enforcing the Attendance of any Officer, Clerk, or other Person employed in the Service of His Majesty's Customs at any Time or at any Place where, on any particular Emergency, the publick Service shall so require, or from directing or enforcing the Attendance of any Officer, Clerk, or other Person employed in the said Sendee, at such Hours, Times, and Places as the said Commissioners shall think fit and requisite for the proper Discharge of the Official Duties of any such Officer, Clerk, or other Person.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to compel the personal Attendance of any Person or Persons who are now authorized to execute the Duties of their respective Offices or Employments in the Service of the Customs by sufficient Deputy or Deputies.

X. And be it further enacted, That from and after Ten Day# after the passing of this Act, no Holidays or Days of Non-attendance whatever, shall be permitted or allowed to be observed and kept at the Custom-house in any of the Ports in Ireland, or by any Officer, Clerk, or other Person belonging to or employed in the Service of His Majesty's Customs and Port Duties, or by any Officer, Clerk, or other Person employed in the Service of His Majesty's Excise in Ireland, any way concerned in or relating to the granting, issuing, examining, or registering of Permits or Certificates of Permits, except Christmas Day and Good Friday in every Year, and any Days which shall be appointed by His Majesty's Proclamation for the Purpose of a General Fall or Thanksgiving; and also the Anniversaries of the Relloration of His Majesty King Charles the Second, and of the Coronation of His Majesty, and the Birth Days of their Majesties, and of His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales; but that fdl Business at the Custom-house, and relating to the Service of Customs and to the Service of the Excise in the respect aforesaid, shall be carried on and performed on every Day throughout the Year except on Sundays, and the Days before excepted; any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. 4 And whereas by an A 6k made in the Forty-second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to amend the Laws for the better Regulation of the Linen Manufacture in Ireland, the Collector of the Port into which f Flax Seed or Hemp $>eed shall be imported, is empowered and required to demand and receive the Sum of

1 ' Sixpence

Sixpence for each Hogshead, CaIk, or Package containing Flax Seed or Hemp Seed, imported and examined

as in the said Act is mentioned, and to retain the Sum of Three-pence thereof to his own Use, and to pay over the Remainder thereof to the Officer appointed by the Trustees of the Linen and Hempen Manufac- tures, to examine Flax Seed and Hemp Seed imported be it enacted, That from and after the said First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nine, no Collector at any Port in Ireland shall be entitled to or shall receive or demand from any Importer or Owner of any Flax Seed or Hemp Seed, such Sum of Sixpence for every Hogshead, Cask, or Package containing Flax Seed, under or by Pretext of the said recited Act; but that the Officer appointed by the Trustees of the Linen and Hempen "Manufactures to examine Flax Seed and Hemp Seed imported, shall and may demand and receive to his own Use the Sum of Three-pence for each and every such Hogshead, Cask, or Package which he shall examine, being the Amount which he is now entitled to by Law for such his Examination; and it shall be lawful for every Collector to detain, and he is hereby required to detain every such Hogshead, Cask, or other Package, until he shall receive a Certificate under the Hand of such Officer that the fame has been examined according to Law, which Certificate such Officer shall not be compellable to give until he shall have received such Sum of Three-pence for each such Hogshead, Cask* or other Package as aforesaid.

Act may be altered or repealed this Session. $ 12."

CAP. LVII.

An Act for increasing the Duty on Corks ready-made, imported into Great Britain, [ifl June 1808.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to

repeal the Duties of Customs payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof and by other Acts passed subsequent thereto, certain Duties of Customs were imposed on Corks ready made: And whereas it is expedient for the Benefit of the British Manufacturers, that the said Duties should be increased; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the several Duties of Customs now payable upon Corks ready-made imported into Great Britain shall cease and determine, save and except as to any Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures relating thereto, which may have been or shall be incurred at any Time before the said passing of this Act; and instead and in lieu thereof there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, upon all Corks ready-made imported into Great Britain, the several Duties of Customs following; that is to say. For every Pound Weight of Corks ready-made, the Sum of Two Shillings and Three-pence.

Additional per Centage on former Customs, viz. ill. 10s. under 43 G. 3. c. 70. — 12l. ioj. under 44 G. 3.

r. 53. — 2l. iox. under 45 G. 3. c. 29. — and 81. 6s. 8d\ under 46 G. 3. c. 42. shall be charged on said Duty 41 under this Act. §2. Duties shall be levied as former Duties. §3, "

Fee of C> J. to Collector repealed.

Fee of 3d. to Examiner ot lla£ Scod.

43 G. 3. c. 6§*

Duty of Custona*

on rt»dy-niadtt Corks imported 2s. 3<l. p i lb. IA lieu of loriuvr Duiici.

CAP. LVIII.

An Act for amending the Law with regard to the Course of Proceeding on Indictments and Informations in the Court of King's Bench in certain Cases; for authorising the Execution in Scotland of certain Warrants issued for Offences committed in England, and for requiring Officers taking Bail in the King's Suit to assign the Bail Bonds to the King. [ifl June 1808.]

WHEREAS the Provisions contained in Two Acts of the Twenty-sixth and Thirty-fifth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for amending the Law with regard to the Course of proceeding on Indictments and Informations in the Court of King's Bench, in certain Cases relating to the publick Revenue, have been found beneficial, and it is expedient to extend the same to other Cases be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That whenever any Person shall be charged with any Offence for which he or she may be prosecuted by Indictment or Information in His Majesty's Court of King's Bench, not being Treason or Felony, and the same shall be made appear to any Judge of the fame Court by Affidavit, or by Certificate of an Iudiftment or Information being filed against such Person in the said Court for such Offence, it shall and may be lawful for such Judge to issue his Warrant under his Hand and Seal, and thereby to cause such Person to be apprehended and brought before him or some other Judge of the fame Court, or before some one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, in order to his or her being bound to the King's Majesty with Two sufficient Sureties, in such Sum as in the said Warrant shall be expressed, with Condition to appear in the said Court at the Time mentioned in such Warrant, and toaniwer to all and singular Indictments or Informations for any such Offence; and in case any such Person shall neglect or refuse to become bound as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Judge or Justice respectively to commit such Person to the Common Gaol of the County, Cfty, or Place where the Offence shall have been committed, or where he or she shall have been apprehended, there to remain until he or she shall become bound as aforesaid, or shall be discharged by Order of the said Court in Term Time, or of one of the Judges of the said Court in Vacation; and the Recognizance to be thereupon taken shall be returned and filed in the said Court, and shall continue in Force until such Person shall have been acquitted of such Offence, or in case of Conviction, shall have received Judgment for the fame, urdefs sooner ordered by the said Court to be discharged; and that where any Person, either by virtue of such Warrant of Commitment as aforesaid, or by virtue of any Writ of Capias ad Respondendum issued out of the said Court, is now detained or shall hereafter be committed to and detained in

20 G. 3.

§ 18.

35 Ci. 3. C. 9G-

When any Perfo*

b char*; «d with any Offence (not being Trcsfon or Felony)for which he may be prosecuted by Indictment or Inlormstion in K .B.: Upon Atlulavit thereof, or on Certificate of Indi&IJieut, &.C. being filed, xny Judge of the Court may issue his Warrant to apprehend the* Party; who (1^11 be thereupon held to Bail to answer the Char ge, of OG.

A.D. 1808.

408

FaiJur: of Bail Diall be com- milted: And if any Pet son in Cufbxly btr «ant of Bail Otall not jjK -hI In b Days after G; py of Iwliftment, &c. and Notice to

plead are deli irred at live Gaol, the Prosecutor may enter the Pica of Not Guilly and proceed to Trial.

Party acquitted may be dif-cuarged.

43 G. 3. c. 31.

4 3 G. 3. c. 92.

Tower under re-GtH Acts as to 1 xmitioM in ^o*iUnd oP.Var- uits ol .lultices <u Peace ill'i; '<1 in England, ex-fended to Warrants iifurd by bidets of K. B., Kc.

Bnil Bonus in the Kind's Suits Hull he aili iocd hv the Micrdls, &c.

C. 58. 48° GEORGII III.

any Gaol for want of Bail, it shall be lawful for the Prosecutor of such Indictment or Information to cause a Copy thereof to be delivered to such Person, or to the Gaoler, Keeper, or Turnkey of the Gaol wherein such Person is or shall be so detained, with a Notice thereon indorsed, that unless such Person shall* within Eight Days from the Time of such Delivery of a Copy of the Indictment or Information as aforesaid cause an Appearance, and also a Plea or Demurrer to be entered in the said Court to such Indictment or Information, an Appearance and the Plea of Not Guilty will be entered thereto in the Name of such Person; and in case he or flie shall thereupon for the said Space of Eight Days after such Delivery of a Copy of the Indictment or Information as aforesaid, neglect to cause an Appearance, and also a Plea or Demurrer to be entered in the said Court to such Indictment or Information, it shall be lawful for the Prosecutor of such Indictment or Information, upon an Affidavit being made and filed in the said Court, of the Delivery of a Copy of such Indictment or Information, with such Notice indorsed thereon as aforesaid, to such Person, or to such Gaoler, Keeper, or Turnkey', as the Case may he, which Affidavit may be made before any Judge or Commissioner of the said Court authorized to take Affidavits in the said Court, to cause an Appearance and the Plea of Not Guilty to be entered in the said Court to such Indictment or Information, for such Person, and such Proceedings shall be had thereupon as if the Defendant in such Indictment or Information had appeared and pleaded Not Guilty according to the usual Course of the said Court; and that if upon the Trial of such Indictment or Information any Defendant so committed and detained as aforesaid shall he acquitted of all the Offences therein charged upon him or her, it shall be lawful for the Judge before whom such Trial shall be had, although he may not be c: .e of the Judges of the said Court of King's Bench, to order that such Defendant shall be forthwith discharged out of Custody as to his or her Commitment as aforesaid, and such Defendant shall be thereupon discharged accordingly.

II. 4 And whereas by an Act made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more tffiJual Execution of the Criminal Laws tn the Two Parts of the United Kingdom* it is among other Things enacted, that if any Person or Persons against whom a Warrant shall he issued by ary Justice or Justices of the Peace of any County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place within that Part of Great Britain called England* for any Crime or Offence against the Laws of that Part of the United King(lorn, shall escape, go into, refulc, or be in any Place of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, it shall be lawful for the Sheriff or Steward Depute 01 Substitute, or any Justice of the Peace of the County or Place where such Person or Persons shall escape, go into, relide, or be, to indorse his Name on the said Warrant,

which Warrant so indorsed shall be a sufficient Authority to the Person or Persons bringing such Warrant, and to all Persons to whom such Warrant was originally directed, and also to all Sheriffs' Officers, Steward's 4 Officers, Constables, and other Peace Officers of the County or Place where such Warrant shall be indorsed, to execute the said Warrant in the County' or Place where it is so indorsed, by' apprehending the Person or Persons against whom such Warrant is granted, and to convey him, her, or them into that Part of Omit Britain called England* there to be dealt with in the Manner directed by the said Act; which Act has been amended by another Act, passed in the Forty'-ftfth Year of the Reign of LI is present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend Two Acts of the Thirteenth and Forty fourth Years of His present Majesty, for the more iffr final Execution of the Criminal Laws, and more easy apprehending and bringing to Trial Offenders escap'ntg jnm or, e 4 Part of the United Kingdom tn the other, and from one County to another; and it is expedient that like Pro\ifion should be made for the Execution in Scotland of Warrants to be issued by other Persons than Justices of the Peace having Authority to issue the fame in England; y be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, all Clauses, Matters, and Tilings in the said recited Acts, whereby the Execution iu Scotland of any Warrant or Warrants issued by any' Justice or Justices of the Peace in England for any Ciime or Offence against the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom is authorized and regulated, shall extend to ail Warrants issued b\' any of the Justices of His Majesty's Court of King's Bench in England, or of the Courts of Great Sessions in [Pales* or by any Justice of Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery', or other Perl on having Authority to issue the fame in England* for any Crime or Offence against the Laws of England, in as full aril ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such last mentioned Justices and Persons were specially named in the said recited Acts.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall be arrclled after the passing of this Act, by any Writ of Capias ad Refpnndendum issuing out of any' of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or out of the Superior Court of Record of either of the Counties Palatine, or out of any of the Courts of Great .Sessions in I Pales* at the Suit of the King's Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, and the Sheriff or other Officer shall take Bail from such Person, the Sheriff or other Officer, at the Requell and Colls of the Prosecutor of such Writ, shall assign 10 the King's Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, £he Bail Bond taken from such Bail, by indoriing the fame, and attclling it under his Hand and Seal in the Presence of Two or more credible Witnesses, which may' be done without any Stamp, provided the Alignment so indorsed be duly stamped before any Suit be commenced thereupon; and if such Bail Bond be forfeited, such Process shall thereupon issue a. on Bonds originally made to the King's Majesty's His Heirs and Successors, and the Court in which such Bail Bond is put in Suit, may by Rule or Rules of the fame Court give such Relief to the Defendant or Defendants as is agreeable to Justice and Realoiu

A.D. 1808.

48° GEORGII III.

C. 59 — 62

409

CAP. LIX.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to settle an Annuity on Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Brunswick Wofenbutiel.'[lit June 1808.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, having taken into our Consideration Your Majesty's most

gracious Mcliage, wherein Your Majesty has been pleased to ilute, that in consequence of the difaflrous

Defeat oi the Prussian Arms in the Autumn of One thousand eight hundred and iix, attended with the

melancholy Death oi the reigning Duke of Driinjivulc IVolfcnluliel, and the Occupation of his Territories by the Enemy, Your Majesty's Siller, the Widow of that illuilnous Prince, has been compelled to seek an

Alylum in Your Majesty's Dominions; and that immediately on her Arrival in Bngland an Establishment

suited to her Rank, required by her Misfortunes, and such as it became His Majesty's Affection to afford,

4 wn> provided out of the Civil List; but no Provision being made in the Dillnbution of that Fund for this

untorefeen Charge, Your Majesty recommended to the House of Commons to cotdider of the M« ans of

enabling Your Majesty to continue the Support of that Establishment; do most humbly beseech Your Majesty

that it may be enacted and be it enacted, &c.

His Majesty empowered to grant an Annuity of 10, 000l. to the Duchess of Brunswtch IVolfcnluttcl for her u Life, to be payable quarterly out of the Consolidated Fuad, from 5 April 1808. $ 1. Annuity payable at w the Exchequer, See. §2."

CAP. LX.

An Act for repealing an Act passed in the First Year of King James the First, intituled, an Act concerning Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and other Artificers occupying the cutting rf Leather; and also for repealing and amending certain Parts of several other Acts of Parliament relating thereto.

[jIt June 1808.]

" Recital of Rat. 1 Jac. 1. c. 22. (continued and amended by 13 and 14 Car. 2. c. 7.9An. c. 11. 24 Geo. 3.

44 c. 19.) Recited Act, 1 Jac. I. r. 22. repealed. §1. — 13 Sc Car. 2. c. 7. J 4. (that red tanned Leather shall he fold oi ly in open Market, and not in any House, 'Tanner's Yard, or Shop) repealed.^2. —

44 13 & 14 Car. 2. c. 7. $ 1 3. (requiring Persons buying red tanned Leather to give Notice thereof to one of the "Curriers Company in London, See.) repealed. §3. — 13 & 14 Car. 2. c. 7. §14. (giving Power to the Curriers " Company to search Warehouses and Shops in London, or within Three Miles thereof, and to it i/.e Leather pro-" hibited by the Act 1 due. 1. r. 22. <j 24.) repealed. §4. — 9 Amur, c. 11. §10. (reciting 1 Jac. 1. c. 22. and " requiring Mayors, Bailiffs, Lords of Fairs, Tanners, Curriers, &c. to execute the said Act) repealed.

" J 5. — 24 G. 3. Jl. 2. c. 19. §2. (declaring that the Provhions of the Act I Jac. 1. c. 22. extended to the "hule of Great Britain) repealed. §6."

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, Tint from and after the passing of tins Act, no Person or Pc'foris Tanner Hall not using the Tmdc or Bufmch of Tanning of Lentlu r, by hired* If or In ri'elf, nr by any other Person or Personp,

Hull during the Time that he, flu*, or they drull lo nfe or carry on the f«ud Trade or Business of Tanning, life, si^-mArr

occupy, or in any Manner carry on the Trade or Bufeirfs of a Shoemaker, Currier, Leatiier Cutter, or other carrier, 1/eaihcr

Artificer exercising the cutti \g or working of Leather, upon pain of forfeiting and loling all and every such Cutter, ixc.

Hide ai d Hides, Skin and Skins, so by him, h: r, or them, or any of them, wrought or tanned, during the

Time he, she, or they 111 til so wle the Trade or Business of Tanning, or ttie juil Y.Juc then*of, to any Person

or lYrfons who shall hie for the fame, to be recovered in any of His Mujedy's Courts of Record at IVJim infer,

by Action of Debt or on the Case, or In Bill, Suit, or information, togt ther with Costs of Suit, and wherein

no Kllnign, Protection, or Wager of Law or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; oiie* Moiety of which said Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to our Sover- igu Lord the King, His Heirs and Successors, and the other

Moiety thereof to tli*Person or Persons who shall sue for the same.

" Puiiick Aa. § s."

CAP. LXI.

An Act to continue until the End of the next Session of Parliament, an Act of the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty for appointing Comm: (honors to enquire into the Publick Expenditure and the Conduct of the Publick BufinHs in the Military Departments therein mentioned.

[jd June 1808.] c. 3j.J

C A T\ LXII.

An Act for the making perpetual fever.il A Is for the better Collection and Security of the Revenues of C uhoms and Excile in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein; and to make further Provision for the Security of the said Revenues, and for the Execution of the several Acts relating thereto.

[181U June 1808.]

" Acts herein-afer recited made perpetual, vi/. 3-(7. 3. (I.) <*. 42. for regulating the Tobacco Trade; as " amended by 40 G. 3. (I.) c. 77. — 37 G. 3. (I.) c. 52. for regulating the Import, die. ot Coffee; — 38 G. 3.

" (L) c. 24. so far relates to the Duties on Class Lotties; — 38 G. 3. (I.) c. 52. 39 G* 3. (I.) c. 58. and

"47 G.

C. 62

A.D. 18g8«

410

46 G. 3# c. 87.

46 G. 3. c. 106.

Proceedings on Trials by Commissioners and Sub-coramif-tioners shall be without Delay.

48° GEORGII III.

'"No Adjournment.except from Day to Day, Sec.

If Trial not duly proceeded in Complaint shall be discharged.

Persons being competent Witnesses before Commi (lumens of Customs and Excise shall be likewise competent before Magiilraus.

46 G. 3. c. 87« $ 95.

Tobacco may be imported and warehoused at the Port of Sligo.

lx>rd Lieutenant may allow Spirits, &c. to lie _iii«j>orted at .iddiuenal Ports.

If Overseers of Publick-houses.ajipointed under 4? G. d. ft. 2.

4. 12. §18.

certify to Justice of Peace that Persons were t*at«rtftiued at

47 G. 3. Jt. 2. c. 19. for regulating Rectifiers of Spirits; — 40 G- 3. (I.) c. 9. for the Collection of the Dutiei u on Hides and Skins, fee. as amended by 43 G. 3. c. 97. §24. — 40 G. 3. (I.) c. 20. for regulating the Pay-M ment of Bounties; — and 40 G. 3. (I.) c. 63. so far as relates to the Duties on Playing Cards, &c. § i., f

II.*And Whereas Two Acts were made in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, the one intituled, An Act more else dually to regulate the Collection of the Duties on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported or exported into or from Ireland, and the Payment of Bounties, Drawbacks, and Allowances thereon: t and the other intituled, An Act to provide for the better Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revenues,

Matters, and Things under the Management of the Comnnjfioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, in Ireland: And whereas it is expedient that further Provisiorw should 1 be made for the several Purposes in the said Acts mentioned j* be it therefore enacted, That every Court of Commissioners or Sub-Commissioners who shall lit to hear, try, or determine any Complaint or Information for any Offence against any Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to the Revenues, Matters, and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the Commissionen of Inland Excise and Taxes, shall begin the Trial thereof on the Day of which Notice shall be first given for proceeding thereon, which Day shall be within Thirty Days after the Complaint or Information shall have been made, and such Court shall forthwith proceed upon such Trial, and shall not adjourn until a Witness shall have been examined, without the Consent of both Parties, or upon good and sufficient Cause, to be assigned upon Oath by One of the Parties, or his or their Agent or Solicitor, or unless upon some good and sufficient Cause to be assigned upon Oath by One or more of the Commissioners or Sub-Commissioners fitting upon such Trial, if any Adjournment shall be defiled and applied for by him or them; and every such Adjournment and Consent and Cause upon Oath shall be entered in the Proceedings of the Court, and be made Part of the Transmifs.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Commissioners or Sub-Commissioners to adjourn any Trial as aforesaid, except from Day to Day, Sundays, Good Friday, Christmas Day, and the King's Birth-Day only excepted, unless by such Consent, or such Cause upon Oath so entered, any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Trial of any Complaint or Information shall not he proceeded upon within the Time herein-before provided, or be adjourned without such Consent or good and sufficient Cause upon Oath, the Complaint or Information shall be discharged, and no new Complaint or Information shall be received or entertained for the fame Offence.

V. And be it further enacted, That every and any Person who by Law is, or by any Act or Acts in force in Ireland is declared or enabled to be, a competent Witness before the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland respectively, or before their Sub-Commissioners respectively, or before any Court or Judge of Aflixe, or other Person or Persons, upon any Enquiry, Proceedings, or Trial touching or concerning any Matters or Things relating to the Revenues under the Management of the said Commissioners respectively, or touching or concerning any Offence committed under any Act or Acts for collecting or securing the said Revenues or any of them, or touching or concerning the Matters contained in any Information for any such Offence, shall be, and any and every such Person is hereby declared to be a competent Witness before any Justice of Peace or Magistrate in Ireland^ upon any Information, Inquiry, Proceedings, or Trial touching and concerning all or any such Matters and Things respectively within the Jurisdiction of such Justice of Peace or Magistrate; and the Evidence of such Person shall be received accordingly by such Justice of Peace or Magistrate, on such Information, Inquiry, Proceedings, and Trial respectively.

VI.*And whereas it is by the said recited Act of the Forty-sixth Year, for regulating the Collection of the Duties on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported into, or exported from Ireland, enacted, that it shall not be lawful to import any Tobacco at any Port or Place in Ireland, save and except the Ports in the said recited Act mentioned, ' be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and maybe lawful to import Tobacco into Ireland at the Port of Sligo; and that the Importer thereof at the said Port shall be entitled to have the fame lodged in a Warehouse, and to take any Benefit in respect of warehousing and bondingkthe fame, under and by Virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, in like Manner as may be done with respect to Tobacco imported at any of the Ports mentioned in the said recited Act of the Forty-sixth Year, and as if the said Port of Sligo had been mentioned and specified in the said recited Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this A A it shall and may be lavrful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, by and with the Advice and Consent of His Majesty's Privy Council of Ireland', to permit the Importation into Ireland of Tobacco, Spirits, Teas, Wines, or Coffee, at such Ports or Places as the said Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors, and Privy Council of Ireland shall think fit, under and subject to such Regulations and Restrictions in other RespeAs as Tobacco, Spirits, Teas, Wines, or Coffee may by Law be imported into Ireland: provided it shall be made to appear, that such Port is, with respect to the Trade and Commerce carried on*herein, and from the Nature of its Situation, a Port at which it would be just and reasonable to permit such Importation.

VIII. 1 And, for the more cffeAually carrying into Execution the several Acts for regulating Licenses for the Sale of Spirituous Liquors by Retail, and for discouraging the immoderate Use of Spirituous Liquors in IrelandJ be it enacted, That in case any Person who, under and by virtue of an Act made in the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to make further Regulations with respect to Licences for the Sale of Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail in Ireland, shall have been or shall be appointed an Overseer of Persons licensed for the Sale of Spirituous and other Liquors, within any Parish in Ireland\ thall certify under His Hand and Seal, to any Justice of the Peace for the County, County of a Town, or City, in which

A.D. 1808.

48° GEORGII III.

C. 6*, 63.

which such Parish shall be situate, that Persons were entertained in the House of any Person so licensed between the Hours of Twelve at Night and Seven in the Morning, on any Day of the Week except Sunday, or at any Time whatever on a Sunday, such Justice shall thereupon summon the Party accused, and unleU the Party summoned shall make it appear to the Satisfaction of such Justice of the Peace, that the Persons found in such House were Inmates of the House where they were so found, such Certificate shall be conclufvve Evidence to subject the Persons licensed for the Sale of Spirituous Liquors to a Penalty of Forty Shillings, British Currency, for the First Offence, and for the Second Offence to the Sum of Five Pounds, British Currency; and in Default of Payment of such Penalty, such Justice of the Peace may issue his Warrant for the Distress and Sale of the Goods of the Person on whom such Penalty shall be imposed*

u Recited Acts may be altered or repealed this Session. §9."

CAP. LXIII.

An Act to amend an Act made in the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign for securing

the Collection of the Duties on Auctions in Ireland. [, 18th June 1808.]

i# 47 G. 3 .ft. 1. r. 17. §20. as to Sale of Goods exempt from Duty (by licensed Auctioneers only) repealed. §1. "47 G.z.Jl.i. c. 17. $2l. as to Sale of Distrcffes for Rent repealed. §2. — 47 G. 3.7?. 1. c. 17. §19. u (& chap, 18. Schedule A. title Auctions) confining Exemptions to Sale of Colonial Goods imported within u oix Months, repealed. §3."

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Duty shall be charged on the Sale by Auction of any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Effects whatever imported into Ireland by Way of Merchandize, and so sold at the Port of Importation by or for the Account of the original Importer or Consignee thereof, to whom the fame were consigned, and by whom they were entered at the Custom House, so as such Sale be the first Sale thereof after the Importation of the fame 5 nor upon the Sale by Auction of any Cattle, Live Stock or Dead Stock, or unmanufactured Produce of Land, so as such Sale be made for the Account of the Owner of such Land, or for the Account of the Person occupying such Land, and whilst such Cattle, Live or Dead Stock, or unmanufactured Produce continues on the Land producing the fame; nor upon the Sale by Auction of any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Effects sold by Order of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or by Order of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or by Order of the Commissioners of Stamp Duties, or by Order of the Board of Ordnance in Ireland respectively; any Thing in the said recited Acts of the Forty-seventh Year aforesaid, or either of them, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the real Owner of any Estate, Goods, or Effects, put up to Sale by way of Auction in Ireland, shall become the Purchaser by Means of his own Bidding or the Bidding of any Person on his Behalf or for his Use at such Sale without Fraud or Collusion, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful for the Examinator of Auction Duty in Dublin, or the Collector of Excise, in the District in which such Sale shall be held, and they are respectively authorized and empowered to make an Allowance to the Owner of such Estates, Goods, or Effects, of the Duties arising under any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, upon such Bidding or Sale; provided that Notice in Writing signed by the Owner and the Person intended to be the Bidder, that such Bidder is appointed by or on the Behalf of such Owner, to bid at the Sale for the Use and Behoof of such Owner, shall have been given to the Auctioneer before such Bidding, and that the Delivery of such Notice shall be verified by the Oath of such Auctioneer, as also the Fairness and Reality of the Tranlaction to the best of his Knowledge and Belief.

VI. And be it further enacted, That nothing in the said Act contained shall extend to prevent any Sheriff or Sheriffs from employing such Person or Persons as he or they shall think proper, to fell by Auction auy Estate, Goods, or Effects seized for the Benefit of any Creditor in Execution of any Judgment, although such Person shall not be a licensed Auctioneer; and that upon any Sale made by such Sheriff or Sheriffs, or the Person employed by him or them, it shall not be necessary to give any previous Notice of such Sale at the Office of Examinator of Auction Duty in Dublin, or at the Office of the Collector of Excise: Provided always, that the Sheriff or Sheriffs under whose Authority such Sale shall be made shall be liable to and charged and chargeable with the full Auction Duty on all Goods and Effects sold at such Sale 5 and a Return or Account of such Sale, and Payment of the Duty thereon, shall be made by or on the Part of the said Sheriff or Sheriffs, or by the Person employed by him or them, in like Manner as is directed by the said recited Act for securing the Collection of the Duties on Auctions in Ireland, with respect to Sales by Auctioneers under that Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in the said recited Act for securing the Collection of the Duty on Auctions contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent any Person whatever from acting as an Auctioneer in the Sale of any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Effects in respect of the Sale whereof, or of the Purchase Money arising where from, no Auction Duty is made payable under and by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, or which by this Act or any Act or Acts in force in Ireland are exempted' from the Payment of the Duty on Auctions; and that no Person so acting as Auctioneer in such Sale, nor any Person or Persons employed by any Sheriff or Sheriffs acting in any Sale by virtue of this Act as aforesaid, shall be required to take out any Licence for so doing, nor shall any such Person be subject or liable to any Penalty or Forfeiture under the said recited Act for securing the Collection of the Duty on Auctions in respect of such Sale, of any such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Effects, nor on Account of such Persons not having taken out a Licence pursuant to the Directions of the said Act} any Thing in the said recited Act or any other Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

ir4n

unlawful Hour* Justice shall lery a Penalty of 40a. Of 5l.

Exemptions froBT* Auction Duties; Goods imported on first Sale.

Cattle and Stock on Land;

Goods-sold by Order of Board'of Customs, Excise, or Ordnance.

Allowance of Au61ion Duiy on*Property bought iu by the Owner.

Sales on Executions may be made by Sheriffs, &. c. without previous Notice of the Sale.

See 4* 1.

C. 17. §22L.

No Person fellinf.Goods exempt from Auction Duty liable to any Penalty for not being iiccufed,

&c.

CAPS.

C. 64.

48° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1808.

*6 G. 3. C. 124.

44 G. .3. C. 3 J.

0 much of

40 G..{. c. 1-4.

as concurs Time of annually enltdiui; 10 10 Pa vs ami 1 0 Pays lurrhcr, repealed.

Commanding O, Veers ih ill appoint Six fVparate Periods

01 Three Day 3 each, between

2 lili Au^uil and o lilt February yearly, in which iu.-li F.nlillment Hull take place.

JMilitin Man may i-nlhlat said Periods under Provisions of 46 G. 3. C. 124.

When the whole Nutnhe^allowfil to v dunterr are ditch arm d, ro further line f'ur ^nViFiey shall be appointed.

O "leers of the

b'u? fluid not./.'tie within M Mi! s of Mill ia U nimec.ts

v hi!e \olumcer-

Tf'the whole N tuibrr 1ms not V'duntcered i<y " Uli Ft binary vvly, Ivont

jL ion tenant, may spuomi a luul

CAP. LXIV.

An Act: to amend an Act made in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for enabling TLh Majesty to accept the Services of Volunteers from the Militia of Ireland. [i8lIi June iScih]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act 1 to enable His Majesty to aicipt the Services of Volunteers from the Militia of Ireland, under certain < Rf riff ions; it was enacted, That within Twelve Calendar Months after the Twenty-fourth Day of July in ' every Year, while the said Militia should be augmented under the Provisions of an Act made in the Furty- fourth Year of ILs present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for empower]?: x His Majesty to , href! the sh'7-

mentation of His Alililid Forces in Ireland, to an Extent therein United, it should be lawful for His Majesty ' from Time to Time to direct. Regiments of the Tine, or of the Royal Marines, to receive Volunteers from the Militia Forces of Ireland, and that it Should be lawful for the Private Men in the fair! Militia from Time

to Time to enlitl into such Regiments under the said Act, subject to the Regulations and RHTictions in the said A cl mentioned: And whereas it is expedient that Provision should be made for more effectually carrying 'the said Act into Execution from Time to Time; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Exc-eTat Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That lo much and such Part of the said recited Act as coniines the Time of such erdiiting in each Year to the Period of Ten Days next ensuing the Time when the Terms of such enlisting shall be explained and made known to his Men by the Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia, pursuant to Directions received by him for such enlisting, or to the further Period of Ten Days next succeeding such lull mentioned Ten Days, shall be a.id the fame is and are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That whenever, at any Time after the Twenty -fourth Day of Jvf in any Year, the Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of the Militia of Ireland, full have received 11 is Majesty's Directions with respect to such Volunteering as aforesaid, signified in Maimer in the said recited Act of the Forty-sixth Year mentioned, and shall have explained to the Private Men of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, the Form of Enlilting in Inch Manner as in and by the said recited Act is ordered and directed, it shall be lawful for the said Commanding Officer, and he is hereby authorized, empowered, rnd required to appoint a Period of Three successive Days, during which such E« liilment shall take place; and in cale the whole Number of Men allowed to enlilt from such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, in any One Year, in pursuance of the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Forty-sixth Year, shall not voluntarily declare their Intention of enlisting' within such Space of Three Days, then to appoint a further Period of Three Days for such enlisting; audio in like Manner to appoint Six such Periods of Three Days each if nccolTary, during which such Enliltment shall take place under the said recited Acts: Provided always, that Ten Days Notice shall from Time to Time be given by the Commanding Officer to the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, of the several Days or Periods so to be appointed for enlisting, previous to each such Period; and that there shall he an Interval of Fourteen Days at lead between each such Period of Three Days; and that all the said several Periods of Three Days shall be between the Twenty-fourth Day of August in each Year, and the Twenty-fourth Day of February in the Year following.

III. And be it further enacted, That if at any of the said Periods so to be appointed as aforesaid any Private Militia Man of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, who under the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Forty-sixth Year is allowed to enlilt, ffiail voluntarily declare his Intention of enlisting pursuant to the said Act, it shall be lawful for the Commanding Officer to discharge him from the said Militia and such Private Militia Man shall be enlisted and attellea in the Regiment or Corps into which he shall have declared his Intention to enlilt, and shall be entitled to Bounty accordingly, in such Manner, and under such Rules, Regulation*, Provisions, and Directions in all respects as are mentioned, contained, and specified in the said recited Act, except so far as the lame is altered or amended by this Act.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case the Whole Number of Men allowed to enlilt from any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, in any One Year, under the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Forty-sixth Year, shall have actually declared their Intention of enlisting under the said recited Act, within the first or any subsequent Period of Three Days to be appointed as aforesaid, it shall not be lawful for the Commanding Officer to appoint any further or other such Period for such Eulilhnei.t; and that nothing in this Act contained shall extend to authorize the discharging from any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of the said Militia any greater Number of Men than in the Proportion of Fifteen Men for every Company in any One Year, pur-Riant to the Provisions of the said recited Act.

V. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it ffiail not be lawful for any commissioned Officer or Non* commissioned Officer ot or belonging to any Regiment of the Line, or the Royal Marines, which shall be authorized or directed to receive Volunteers from any Regiment, Corps, or Battalion of the said Militia, to be within Ten Miles of the Quarters of such Regiment, Corps, or Battalion of Militia at any Time during the respective Periods to be appointed lor the Volunteering from such Regiment, Corps, or Battalion of Militia, in Manner aforesaid.

VI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in case the whole Number of Men allowed to be diCharged in any One Year under the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Forty-sixth Year, and this Act, fra a: a w Regiment, Battalion, or Corps ot Mdhri, shall not have voluntarily declared their Intention ot cuhiliag ii.m His MaVdy's Regular Forces or Royal Marines for General Service within the said Six several and respednc Periods oi Three Days to he appointed far such enlilling, in Manner herein-before mentioned, after the Twenty. fourth Day of July in any Year, and before the Twenty-fourth Day of February in the Year following, it full

A.D. 1808.

48° GEORGII III. C. 64, 65. 413

smd may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, by any Order to be iigniiied by his or their Chief Secretary to the Commanding Officer of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, to appoint a further and final Period of Ten Days for such Enlistment, between such Twenty-fourth Day of February and the Twenty-fourth Day of March then next eufuing; and during the said Period of Ten Days so to be appointed, it shall be lawful for any Private Militia Man in such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, voluntarily to eulilt for General Service under the Regulations of the said recited Act of the Forty-sixth Year, and this Act; and during such Period of Ten Days it Oiall be lawful for any Officer or Officers of such Regiment as shall be appointed pursuant to the said Act of the Forty-sixth Year aforesaid, to receive Volunteers from the said Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia, to attend at the Place of Volunteering, and to receive and enliil such Men as shall volunteer accordingly; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all the rowers, Provisions, Clauses, Regulations, Restrictions, and Directions, mentioned and contained in the said recited Act of the Forty-sixth Year aforesaid, shall be applied and put in Force in the Execution of this Act, as fully and effectually as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in this Act; and that the said recited Act and this Act shall be confirm'd together as one Act, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

Period of Jo Da*s for lin k

Volunteering.

Potvffs of Act e\teudeu to this Act.

CAP. LXV.

An Act to make more effectual Provision for the building and rebuilding of Churches, Chapels, and Glebe Houses, and for the Purchase of Glebe Lands, Glebe Houses, and Impropriation-, in Ireland.

[18th June 1808.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make more effectual Provisions for the building and rebuilding of Churches

in Ireland; and for providing the Means of Residence for the Clergy on their respective Benefices be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money and Securities for Money which at the Time of passing of this Act are or shall be, or which at any Time after the passing of this Act ll*ill come into or be in the Hands, Power, Custody, Possession, or Dispofnl of the Trull ces and Conunillioners of First Fruits in Ireland for the Time being, under or by virtue of any Grant of the Crown, Letters Patent, Grant or Act of Parliament, or otherwise howsoever, and all Interest, Dividends, Profits, and Proceeds thereof save and except jj, )Mju.r !, and only the Funds and Property bequeathed by the Will of Doctor Hugh Boulter* formerly Lord Archhiffiop of

Armagh* to be disposed of in buying Glebes or augmenting Livings, and which, in and by an Act made in HobinWs' null the Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, hr applicable to intituled, An Act for amending and making more effectual the J^aws relating to First Fruits, and for the better Regulation anti Managementf the charitable Bequtjl of Doctor Hugh Boulter, late Archbishop oj Armagh, for augmenting the Maintenance of Poor Clergy, were vetted in the Trustees and Commissioners of I. irfl Fruits for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned; and also save and except the Funds and Property bequeathed to the said Trustees and Commissioners by Doctor Robinson, formerly Lord Archbishop of Armagh, and the Interest,

Dividends, and Proceeds of the said Bequeits reflectively; and also save and except such other Funds and Sec I> ifh /Id Property as may hereafter he bequeathed to or vested in the said Trustees and Commissioners for any Ipeciai in G, 2 Purposes) shall be and the same are hereby declared to be applicable, and shall and may from Time to Time be applied by the said Trustees and Commissioners in and towards the building and rebuilding of Churches and Chapels in Inland, as well as in and tow ards the purchasing of Glebes and Impropriations, and building or pnrchaling Glebe Houses, and other Purposes to which the fame may by Law be applicable at the Time of the passing of this Act, and the Application by the said Trustees and Commissioners of the said Monies, Securities ai.d Funds, and of the Interest, Profits and Proceeds thereof, or any Part thereof, in and tow ards the building and rebuilding of Churches and Chapels in Manner directed by this Act, or any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, shall be as good, valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the Application of the fame had been originally so directed at the Time when the said Monies, Securities and Funds were placed in the Truit or under the Controul or Management of the said Trustees and Commissioners; any Thing in any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, or any Law', Usage, Custom, Grant, Matter or Thing to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That so much and such Parts of any Act or Acts in force at the Time of the paffuig of this Act, as limits and reffrains the Application of any Grant or Appropriation by Parliament of any Sum or Sums of Money granted to the said Trustees and Commissioners of Full Fruits for the build

Ml Funds in die D»!jx>fiil of the Tmltc >'S f»l 1 'irfl Fruits in I rein id (vxtfpt Primate llmlo-r's and

di(* ImiMitij; and rebuilding oi Churches in Ireland, as as to purchasing Glebe*, &. c.

"g

new Churches and rebuilding old Churches in inch Paiilhes w herein no publick Service has been performed for Twenty Years last pall, shall be and the fame is and are hereby repealed, so far as relates to Churches or Chapels, for the building or rebuilding whereof any Advance by Loan shall be made under the Provisions of this Act; and from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees and Commissioners to appropriate all Sum and Sums of Money in their Hands to the building and rebuilding such Churches and Chapels as well in Parities where publick Service Hull have been performed in the Course of Twenty Years preceding the Time of the several Grants and Appropriations aforesaid as in any other Parish whatsoever; any Thing in the said Acts or any of them to the contrary notwithstanding.

Chapt K lur th»* building ot whit h Nlouey Hull be advanced on Loan under this Act

III. And be it further enacted, that whenever, under any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, such Measures Tru(h-e*of shall have been had and taken concerning the erecting of any new Church or Chapel, or the rebuilding of any 1

Church or Chapel iu any Parish or Place in Ireland, so that such Ercftion or Rebuilding may by Law be ^nln

4$ Geo. III. 3 H 1bulling

VjVJiJvLC

So mtu-h of an* Acts, as roll nuns ill*- Application of Funds for rebuilding ( bitiohis to P-iritht*

win r<* no Scn ic« has hi rn ptr- torn nl h»r 2o Wars rrpi «U*d as to 1 hurdle* and

I

414

©t repairing

Churches or Cluq>el».

Truflcra may

take Bond lor tlue Application of M oney; ul-v.incctl, anil if they t>t ink ft, for Repayment of the fame, or any Cart thereof, by annual, Initalmems, Sec.

No Interest

except ou Failure in Jnfialments.

No Advance, except by Loan in certain Cases.

6 Geo. 1. c. 13.

1 Geo. 2. c. 18.

Wh«'n Security shall hr given ifor Kqmn cut C*1 MotV'V xaro (i, i}>< fune ihuii he raised by Bate as other ChiiaJi Rates-.

4: €!. -1. c. 149, jhr life.in" iu.nOOL from tlu S re.ifnry to ilu* Trustres «i Full Fruits;

C. 65.

48° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1808.

proceeded upon, and an Application in Writing shall be made to the said Tru flees and Commissioners of the First Fruits in Ireland, by the Ordinary of the Diocese, 6r by the Minister and Charchwardens of the Pari fit or Place in which it shall be proposed and intended that any such Church or Chapel shall be erected or rebuilt, or by any Two Protellant Inhabitants of Inch Parish or Place, accompanied by a Plan and Eilimate of the Expence of such proposed Erection or Rebuilding approved by the Ordinary of the Diocese, it shall and may be lawful for the said Tru flees and Commissioners from Time to Time, and by such Instalments and Proportions as the said Trustees and Commissioners shall think proper, to advance to the Per Tons io applying, out of the Monies and Funds intruded to the Care of the said Trustees and Commissioners, the Whole or any Part of such Sum or Sums of Money as according to such Plan and Edimatethe said Trustees and Commissioners dull think fit and proper to be applied in the Erection or Rebuilding of any such Church or Chapel respectively, in Manner herein after mentioned.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lav.ful for the said Trustees and Commissioners (if they shall think fit) to require from the Party or Parties so applying good and sufficient Security by the Bond of the said Parties or by the Bond or Bonds of One or more Surety or Sureties, or other Person or Persons, in sufficient Penalties for the clue Application of the Money so to be advanced, or for refunding to the said Trustees and Commissioners so much thereof as shall not be actually expended in such Erection or Rebuilding within Two Years after such Money shall have been advanced; or it the said Trustees and Commissioners shall not think it fit or necessary to require such Security, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees and Commissioners to advance such Sum or Sums of Money without Inch Security; and if the said Trustees and

Commissioners shall be of Opinion that it is fitting, and expedient that any Sum or Sums of Money so to be

advanced, or any Part thereof, should be advanced by way of Loan to, and should be repaid by the Parish or Place in which such Church or Chapel so ereeled or rebuilt shall be ercided or situate, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees and Commissioners to require and take such Security by Bond lor the repaying of such Sum or Sums of Money so advanced, or such Part or Proportion thereof as shall be expressed in such Bond or Security, in Manner and at the Times following; (that is to say) Six Pounds per Centum of the Sum so advanced (or such Part thereof as shall be to be repaid as aforesaid) on the First: Day of July next after the Expiration of One Year from the Day on which such Sum or Sums shall be so advanced, or within Twenty-one Days next after; Six Pounds per Centum more of Inch Sum on the First Day of July in every fuececding Year (or within Twenty-one Days after), until Ninety-six Pounds per Centum of the Sum so advanced (or such Part thereof as shall be to be repaid as aforesaid) shall be repaid; and the remaining Four Pounds per Centum of such Sum on the First Day of July (or within Twenty-one Days after) in the Year succceding that in which the lall In Raiment of Six Pounds per Citilum shall have been paid as besure-mentioned; Provided always, that no Interest shall be paid for or upon any Sum so advanced by the said Trustees and Commissioners under this Act, or for or upon any Part thereof, unless the Payment of the said Instalments shall be deferred beyond the Days and Times on which they shall have severally become due: Provided also, that no Sum of Money shall be advanced otherwise than by way of Loan according to the Provisions of this Act, towards the building or rebuilding of a Church in any Parish wherein Divine Service shall have been performed within Twenty Years then lall pnft; lave and except towards building Chapels of Ease in such Parishes where they may be built under an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Sixth Year of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the better Maintenance of Curates nvilhin the Church of Ireland; and by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in t he First Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for explaining and amending the same; for the Erection of which Chapels the said Trustees are hereby empowered to advance Money as they may for erecting any other Churches by this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That whenever Security shall betaken by the said Trustees and Commissioners for the Repayment of any Sum or Sums of Money so advanced, or any Part thereof, by such Instalments of Six Pounds per Centum and Four Pounds per Centum as aforesaid, the Parish or Place in which the Church or Chapel so erectd or rebuilt find! be situate, ar: d which shall by Law be bound to the Repair of such Church or Chanel, ft sal] be required and bound to repay the said fiveral Sums oi Money, for the Repayment of which such Security shall have been given as aforesaid by the said several annual Instalments of Six Pounds and Four Pounds per Centum in Manner aforesaid; and that the Amount of the said annual Instalments or Sum or Sums of Money shall be from Tune to Time a ft I fled, applotted, levied ur.d raised in such Pari ih or Place in such Manner, and with all such Powers ami Remedies for the aiLfiLg, applotting, raising and levying of the fame in all Respects, as is or are provided for the afRfling, applotting, raising and levying of any Sum or Sums of Money, Rale, Parish Eels or Tax, for repairing, building, or rebuilding of any Church or Chapel, or other necessary Charges belonging to such Church or Chapel, unde r or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Inland at the Time of the pafli , g of this Acct; and that all Churchwardens and Vestries shall have the like Power to a fiefs al!-Parishes and Pieces, and to applot and levy such AfT.fiments and be accountable ior the fame, and to do all Matters and Things for the afikfti ig, apolotting, raising and levying of such annual Instalments or Sums of Money so to be payable as aforesaid in all respects whatsoever, as they now have respcCPveiy, touching or cone 'ruing any Rate or Rates, Sum <>r Sums of Money, Pari fir Cess or Tax, for the repairing, building, or rebuildi ig (if any Church or Chapel, or any other necessary Charge belonging to

such Church or Clnpcl, under or by virtue of any such Act or A els as" a fore laid.

VI. c And whereas hv an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An,

Act for granting to His Majesty the Sin 'fifty ihouftnd Pounds far building Glebe Hoofs in Ireland', it is enacted, that by or out; f such Monies as shall at any Time or Times be or

: iy Time or Times be or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer of Irelandoi the Coiholidated Fuad, there find! and may be ifined by the Order of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chid Governor or Governors of Ireland as he or they shall think fit, from Time to Time, free of Intereil, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifty thousand Pounds Irish Currency, to the said Trustees and Commissioners

- of

A.D. 1808.

48° GEORGII III.

C. 65. 415

of the said First: Fruits, to be by them applied as in the said Act is mentioned: And whereas by an (amended by Act made in the Forty-seventh Year of H?s present Majesty's Reign, the said recited Act of the Forty- c. M; )

, l: . .1 \r... l.___1____1_____j_j. a_____1__1__________n.Ji______r_: a o_____ ..r r: r... 1 r>___j. 1______ rnpcalrd, as to

third Year was altered and amended: And whereas no Part of the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds has yet*been illucd, and it is expedient to amend the said Acts; be it therefore enacted, That so much and such Parts of the said Acts, or either of them, as dileft the Maimer of i(Tiling the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, and the Conditions of advancing the fame, shall be and the fame is and are hereby repealed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That whenever and so often as the said Trustees and Commissioners of the First Fruits in Ireland shall certify by Writing under the Hand and Seal of the Treasurer of the said Trustees and Commissioners, to the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High

Treasurer of Ireland, that they the said Trustees ami Commissioners have thought it lilting and expedient that a Sum of Money should be advanced, specifying the Amount thereof, for the eroding or rebuilding of any.

Church or Chapel, ipeeiiying the Parish or Place in which such Church or Chapel is to be crested oris situate, 11, \r.

ilit* Manner and Conditions of ifltiinr; the said Sum.

On Certificate l»y TniHc-fs of Pirll Fruits, of Sum required fi r rtf'"iin

!el>*

Tv'*atuiy nj.iy a b.wux* die faiac.

or for the Building, lire ft ion, or the Purchase of a Glebe House and Offices, or for the Purchase of Glcbi Lands or Impropriations, specifying the Parish or Place in which the same are to be erected or pure hr. fed respectivt-ly, together with a Statement of the Sum which Inch Trustees and Commissioners require to be advanced on account thereof, it fl: nil and may be luwiul for the Lord Hiph Ttvalurer, or for the said Commissioners of the Treasury, to advance and pay to the Lid Trustees and Commissioners of the First Fruits, out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, the net Sum contained and specifi d ir Inch C.u tificate and Statement as necessary to be then advanced for the said Purposes respectively, without m.y further or other Warrant or Authority whatsoever to be had in that Behalf, whether such Sum shall be riired to be advanced for the Purpose of building or rebuilding any Caurih or Chapel, or fur the Purpose of building any Glebe Flo life, or of purchasing any Glebe Land or Glebe Ploufe or Impropriations respectively: Provided always, that the Money so advanced by the said Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Tieufmy, (lr.il nut in the Whole at any Time amount to more than the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, granted by the said recited Act of the Forty-third Year aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Bond which shall be* taken by the said Trustees and Commissioners for Mone y to be advanced by the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury by virtue of this Act, shall be made payable to His Majesty, I lls Heirs and Successors, and shall, within One Calendar Mouth after the lame shall be entered into, be tranbnitted by the said Trustees and Commissioners to the said Lord High Treasurer, or the Comini (Turners of the Treasury, and the Repayment of all Sums for which such Bond shall be given as Security shall be from Time to Time made into the Receipt of the Exchequer of Ireland into d< f n.i-

accuvding to the Conditions of the said Bonds respectively; and if inch Sums of Money shall not be duly paid ai.> iy

respectmly, the said Bonds shall and may be put in Suit from Time to Time under the Orders of the said Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three of them; and if the said Trustees and Commissioners of First Fruits shall deem it advilable and expedient to apply the Amount of such Money so repaid in the further Execution of this Act, or any other Act or Acts as atorciaid, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury again to advance and pay to the said Trustees and Commissioners of First Fruits the Whole or any Part of the Sum or Sums (o repaid on like Certificate, and in like Manner and for the like Purposes as are herein-before specified and enacted, and so from Time to Time as often as any Sum or Sums shall be lo repaid, and shall remain and be unapplied, and shall be required to be applied by the said Trustees and Commi (Tuners to the Purposes of this Act or the said Acts respectively.

IX. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be couftrued to extend to limit or rcilraiu the Power now veiled by Law in tin* laid TruHees and Commissioners to grant or give any Sum or Sums of Money gratuitously to any Incumbent lor the Purpose of enabling or abiding him to build, repair, or im]/rove any Gh be House in or upon the B m iice, Parish or Union of which he Audi be Incumbent, whether (i.cli Incumbent shall or shall not have received a Loan to be in part applied to the said Purposes from the said Trustees and Comnuiliom rs under and by virtue of the Authority of this Act, nor to obdraft, ac.me, make void or alter the Laws now* in force in Ireland for budding, repairing* arid improving Glebe Koufe.i, or any of them, law* as he re in-be fore mentioned, but that Ircmubei ts, in case they lh: dl think proper to proceed under and according to the said Laws, may do h>, in the same Manner as it this Act had not been made.

X. 4 And whereas by an Act i^ade in the Parliament of Ireland in the E'A.th Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled, yin y.'efrr Inter Mailing ti i.iergy havin\ Cure of Sou's to r side on their Btn.Juts, and fur the Eneourng<f Pr.t-Jla.it Schools, t he laid Ttuflt .s and Cominhf. mere cf First Fruits are empowered by aul out of the Fiul Fruits to pay any Sum not 1 xo; One hu

Bond th.ill hr tra»il*»niu» il; o l! v 'i iiit'my, and; i!l Monty to a/.dncctl ili'ill l/i* iqa'.d

he IT-it: .if .i difl nnpr, .! \f> die Burpoffs of llus Act.

This A1*! shall not obstruct of aim ilic* Fans i: i for <* lor taiiluing Gi-be Houu 3. X c.

hUh A-b G. 1.

Sterling to any Incumbent, his Executors, Admini.lralo' s or Aliigus, towards reimbari* ag the Chm such Incumbent may have been at in having built a convenient Duelin g up» 1 the OGbe bP; ..ft 4 Benefices: And whereas by an Act made i.i the Parliament of f/elanj in the Eleventh r d Twv'Ui 4 ll.s pnfent Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act: J\r erecting Parochial Chapels of J: \fe in P.

4 hr.taf, and utilising such Chapels anti those that are already < re-I-J peeps it: 7. ( tires, t, /}

Peony ton for the It Cmtcnanre of perpetual Curates to 'fl iate in fame, and for no

'J'

and ( '

red pounds ge which < to h.s V*ns of

of Ltrg: a proper

/* : ryr: s

4pfrfr.iai Cures, the said Trustees and Commissioners of Fu ll Fruits arirreqnired to grant to Curate* of pi pclual Curacies a Sum not exceeding One hundred and fifty Pounds, to build a Glebe Ilonfe in Manner ard upon the Conditions in the said Acts respectively mentioned: And whereas it is expedient that the said Sums reflectively should be inercafed in certain Cafe? P Be it therefore enacted, that win re the amenl Y flue of a iy B'-'iiehce shall not exceed the Sum of Two liundved Pounds, it shall be lawful for the said TruiEr« to pay any Sum not exceeding Four hundred Pounds; and where the said annual Value shall exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and not exceed the Sum of Two hundred and Fifty Pounds, to pay auv Sum not exceeding.3 H 2'Three

e. lo.

Stmw so he ail vsirt (hr

l uil.liui; Gltle

A.D. 1808.

Tre*fuTy

empowered to Advance the Situs required out of hid

M>, ooool.

[S't § «]

Manner of aft er-tainiii£ Value of Ih'nt fices to be hrt'rtileti by Iti-t Act, by l; .reetion of C*ltbc Houses, kx.

-r feonriti* »lf dm* Application of the Money granted under this Aii

*r 4.1 G. 3.

e \u6.

C. 65. 48° GEORGII III.

Three hundred and Fifty Pounds; and where the said annual Value shall exceed the Sum of Two hundred and Fifty Pounds, and not exceed the Sum of Three hundred Pounds, to pay any Sum not exceeding Three hundred Pounds; and where the said annual Value shall exceed the Sum of Three hundred Pounds, and not exceed the Sum of Three hundred and Fifty Pounds, to pay any Sum not exceeding Two hundred and Fifty Pounds; and w here the said annual Value shall exceed the Sum of Three hundred and Fifty Pounds, and not exceed the Sum of Four hundred Pounds, to pay any Sum not exceeding Two hundred Pounds; and for every Benefice, the annual Value of which shall not exceed the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and for every perpetual Curacy, to pay any Sum not exceeding Four hundred and Fifty Pounds, as the said Trustees in their Discretion shall think fit; to any Incumbent or perpetual Curate, his Executors, Administrators and Afligus, towards defraying the Charge which such Incumbent or perpetual Curate may incur or have been at in building any such Dwelling-house; and it shall and may he lawful for the said Trustees and Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered to pay any of the said respective Sums in advance, and in such Proportions, and by such Instalments as the said Trustees in their Discretion shall think tit, before such House is begun to be built, upon an Assurance that such House shall be built upon a Plan and Estimate approved of in such a Manner as in the said recited Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of His present Majesty's Reign is specified and directed: Provided always, that the last of the said Instalments shall be the Sum of One hundred Pounds, or a larger Sum, and that the said last Instalments shall not be paid until a Certificate shall be tendered as directed in the said recited Act, pasted in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First; and unless it shall appear by the said Certificate that the whole Amount of the Sum granted by the said Trustees has been duly expended in Addition to the Amount of the Value of Two Years Income of the Benefice, or in case of a perpetual Curacy in Addition to the Sum of Fifty Pounds: Provided allb, that where the annual Value of any Benefice shall exceed the Sum of Four hundred Pounds, the said Trailers may pay the Sum of One hundred Poundsand no more, in Manner directed by the said recited Act passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may' be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, to advance and payout of the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds the said several and respective Sums which the said Trustees and Commissioners of the First Fruits are empowered by this Act to pay in Aid of the Erection of Glebe Houses, upon the like Certificate as aforesaid of the Treasurer of the said Trustees and Commissioners, that the said Trustees and Commissioners have thought it fitting and expedient that a Sum of Money, specifying the Amount thereof, should he advanced towards the Erection of a Glebe House and Offices, specifying the Parish and Diocefem which the said Glebe House and Offices are to be creeled, together with a Statement of the Sum which the said Trustees and Commissioners require to be advanced on account of the same.

XII.*And whereas it is necessary that the clear improved yearly Value of the small Benefices to which it

is intended by this Act to give increased Sums towards the Erection of Glebe Houses should be ascertained as

exactly as may be; be it therefore enacted, That the respective Archbishops and Bishops of every Dioate are hereby empowered and required from Time to Time as they thall fee Occasion, as well by the Oath of Two or more credible WitncUes (which Oath they or any Person or Persons commissioned by them under their Hands and archiepiscopal or episcopal Seals, are hereby empowered to administer) as by all other lawful Ways and Means, to inform themselves of the clear improved yearly Value of every Benefice with Cure of Souls, Living, or Curacy, appropriate or impropriate, and of the clear improved yearly Value of the Maintenance of every Parion, Vicar, Curate, and Minister, officiating in every such Church or Churches, Chapel or Chapels as aforesaid, within their respective Dioceses, who shall apply to receive the said increased Sum, and how such yearly Values arile, with the other Circumstances thereof, and the fame or such of them whereof they Biall have hilly informed themselves from Time to Time to certify under t he i r respective Hands and archiepiscopal or episcopal Seals to the said Trustees and Commissioners of the First Fruits for their better Information in the PremiiVs; and that inch Certificates, when so returned to the said Trustees and Commissioners, shall be entered in a Book 10 be by them or some Person to he appointed by them provided and kept for that Purpose and that the said Entries being lo made andattefled and subscribed by the said Trustees and Commissioners, or a lawful Quorum of them, shall be deemed and taken as Evidence of the true improved yearly Value of such Benctice, Living or Curacy, and of the Maintenance of every such Minister as aforesaid, unless and until by any Change in Circumstances the Value of such Benefice, Living, or Curacy, or the Maintenance of such Parson, Vicar, Curate, or Minister shall be increased, and the same shall appear to have been so increased in Value, by anew Certificate of the Archbishop or Bishop of the Diocele, to be returned, entered and attciled in Maimer be fore-mentioned.

XIIZ. 4 And for the securing the due Application of Money advanced for the several Purposes in this Act 1 mentioned: Be it further enacted, That wheneverany Sum of Money shall have been advanced to any Incumbent under the Provisions of this Aol, or of an Act made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to enable the Commissioners of Fuji Fruits in Ireland to lend certain Sinus of Money (Interf free) to Incumbents of Ihnfires there, for the Purpose of enabling them to ere ft or purchase Glebe He h[c: anl Offices convenient for their Refulencies» and to purchase Glebe Lands ft and convenient for the Erection of such Houses and Offices, and to make Provision for the Repayment of all Loans so to be made by the said Comn: j/fionerst it shall and may be lawful for the Archbishop or Bishop within whose Diocese the Benefice shall be situate in respc£l whereof such Money shall have been so advanced, at any Time after the Expiration of Three Years from the first Advance of such Money, to issue a Commission under his Hand and Seal.of Office, empowering and requiring certain Persons therein named to make Inquiry whether the Money so advanced has been (Inly expended in making the Erections, Buildings or Purchases, for the Purpose of which such Money wash

advanced,

e

4*7

A.D. 1808. 48° GEORGfl III. C. 65, 66.

advanced, and whether the Buildings and Improvements be completed agreeably to the Memorial and to the Plan and Estimate approved by the Archbishop or Bishop of the Diocese previously to the said Money being advanced; and if on such Inquiry it shall appear that the said Money, or any Part thereof, hath not been so duly expended* or that the said Buildings and Improvements are not completed agreeably to the said Memorial, Plan, and Estimate, it shall and' may be lawful for such Archbishop or Bishop to issue an Order, in Writing under his Hand and Seal, requiring the Incumbent of such Benefice to complete such Erections, Buildings, or Purchases, within Six Months after the Date of such Order, which Order shall be delivered to such Incumbent, or left at his usual or la It Place of Abode, and in case of Non-compliance with such Order, it shall be lawful for such Archbishop or Bishop to fequetler the Profits of the Benefice of such Incumbent until such Order shall be complied with, or lulficient Reaion for such Non-compliance shall be given to the Satisfaction of the said Archbishop or Bishop, and to direct by any Order to be made for that Purpose under his Hand the Application of such Profits, after deducting the necessary Expences of serving the Cure either in the Whole or in such Proportion as he shall think fit towards the Completion of such Erection, Building, or Purchase respectively, on account of which such Money shall have been so advanced; and such Incumbent and all other Persons shall also be liable to the Repayment of the Money lb advanced, and to the Payment of Interest, and to all the other Rules, Regulations, and Directions, with respect to the Money so advanced, as in the said recited Act of the Forty-third Year, or this Act, or any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, are mentioned, exprdfed and contained.

CAP. LXVJ.

An Act for enforcing the Residence of Spiritual Persons on their Benefices in Ireland.

[18th June 1808.']

WHEREAS it is expedient that more effectual Provisions should be made for enforcing the Reftdenoe

of Spiritual Persons on their Benefices in Ireland May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may

be enacted; and be' it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in every Case in which it shall appear to any Bishop or Archbishop of that Part of the Whrrr nnv

United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland, that any Spiritual Person having or- holding any Incumbent

Benefice, Donative, perpetual Curacy or parochial Chapelry within the Diocese of such Bishop or Archbishop not nfi«l* Nine

respectively, having no lawful Cause of Absence from the same, docs not in the whole reside for the Space of Month* m the

Nine Calendar Months within the Year on the fame respectively, it shall be lawful for such Bishop or Archbishop

to issue.or cause to be issued a Monition to such Spiritual Person forthwith to proceed to and reside thereon,

and perform the Duties thereof, and to make a Return to such Monition within a certain Number of Days Monition to

after the issuing thereof, so as that in every such Case there shall be Thirty Days between the Time of him tore(id*.

delivering such Monition to such Spiritual Person, or leaving the fame at his then usual orlaft Place of Abode,

or if not there to be found, or if he shall be absent from the Diocese, with the officiating Miuilleror One of the

Churchwardens, and also at the House of Residence (if any such there be) belonging to -such Benefice,

Donative, perpetual Curacy or parochial Chapelry to which any such Spiritual Person shall he required by such Monition to proceed and reside thereon, and on the Proctor, Manager or Collector of the Tythes of such Spiritual Person (if any such there be), and the Time specified in such Monition for the Return thereto;

And every such Monition shall immediately on the issuing thereof be filed in the Regiihry of such Diocese, and Rrturm (V.u!l open for Inspection on the Payment of One Shilling and no more; and the Spiritual Person to whom any such u, Muni-Monition shall be sent under this Act, shall within the Time specified for that Purpose make a Return thereto; tions; on Oath, and it shall be lawful for the Bishop or Archbishop to whom any such Return shall be made, to require such^required. Return or any Fasts contained therein to be verified by the Oath of such Spiritual Person or others, to be taken before Tome Surrogate or Master Extraordinary in Chancery, which Oath any fuel* Surrogate or Mailer Extraordiuary in Chancery is hereby authorized and required to administer on Application being made for that Purpose: And in every Case where no such Return shall be made, or where such Return shall not ilate such- tVlirre R, lur, Reasons as shall be deemed satisfactory by such Bishop or Archbishop for the Non-residence of the Spiritual ihailiwth*? Person to whom such Monition shall have been sent as aforesaid, or where the fame or any of the Fasts cow- im*Uv>r ftullno; .tained therein shall not be so verified on Oath as aforesaid, when the same shall have been required, then and in by laudltetuty, such Case it shall be lawful for such Bishop or Archbishop to issue an Order in Writing under his Hand and J^, ?!/n*

Seal, to require such Person to proceed to and reside as aforesaid, : within Thirty Days after such Order in it .lii'oUoA

Writing or a Copy thereof shall have been delivered or left in like Manner as is herein-before required as to nvi> tV, UHUr Monitions; and in case of Non-compliance it shall he lawful for such Bishop or Archbishop to fequefler the th* lWit % of Profits of such Benefice, Donative, perpetual Curacy and parochial Chapelry of such Spiritual Person as tb. lV.-n.hr*, aforesaid, until such Order shall be complied with, or such sufficient Reasons for Non-residence Hated and '!, nV*iC

proved as aforesaid; and to direct by any Order to be made for that Purpose under his Hand, the Application thrrcoL^of such Profits after deduftin^ the necessary Expences of serving the Cure, either in the Whole or in such Proportion as he shall think fit, in the first Place to the Payment of such reasonable Expences as shall have been incurred in relation to such Monition and Sequestration; and in the next Place towards the Augmentation or Improvement of any such Parlouage, Vicarage, Donative or perpetual Curacy, or the House of Residence thereof, or any of the Buildings or Appurtenances thereof, or towards the Improvement of any of the Glebe or Demesne Lauds thereof; or may order or direct the fame or any Portion thereof to be paid to the Trustees and Commissioners of the First Fruits payable out of Ecclesiastical Benefices in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland, to be applied for the Purpose of the Augmentation of the Fund* vested in the said Trustees and Commissioners j and it shall also be lawful for such Bishop or Arch-

e

bishop,

418

C. 66

A.D. 1808.

Appeal against Jvquelmiiions may be made lo tile Archbishop.

Appellant shall give Security.

Persons returning to Kciulence cm Monition shall pay the Coils: or fuller Secjuef-tfatioa.

If any Perforv returning to Ttcfklence »n Monition shall before Six Months

thereafter absent liimfclf for One Wrt*k, the Bishop may, "without fc Monition, ff cjuefter the Ucneiice.

If Scqur fintien continues t hive A oars, or Tim e Sc quedrations aru ineuirc-rl in that iVriod, Benefice shall become void.

Contracts, after passing his Act for kiting HouiVs in which Inc tm.hcnts by Order oft he }iilho|> ft .a! I be rc'<|uired to rtiulc, fiiail be void: and

48° GEORGII III.

bishop, within Six Months after such Order for Sequestration, or within Six Months after any Money shall have been actually levied by such Sequestration, to remit to any such Spiritual Person any Part or Proportion of such fequellered Profits, or cause the lame or any Part thereof that shall have been paid or directed to be paid to such Trustees and CommUTioners of the Firil Fruits, to be repaid to such Spiritual Person, which Repayment the said Trustees and Commifboners are hereby authorized and required, upon an Order under the Hand of any such 13ifliop or Archbishop, to make, ouc 0$ any Money then in their Hands, or if no Money shall then be in their Hands, out of the next Money that shall come to their Hands, in any Case in which by reason of the subsequent Obedience of any such Spiritual Person to any such Monition or Order, or the Hating and proving such sufficient Reasons as aforesaid, such Bishop or Archbishop shall thii.k the fame proper: Provided always, that when any such Spiritual Person shall think himself aggrieved by reason of any such Sequestration issued by any Bishop it shall be lawful for any such Spiritual Person, within Thirty Days after the making any Order for any Inch Sequestration, as aforesaid, and upon such Notice thereof to be served in like Manner as the Monition he rein-be fore directed, to appeal to the Archbishop of the Province to which such Bishop shall belong, who shall forthwith, either by himfilf or some Commissioner or Commissioners appointed from among the Bishops of ids Province for that Purpose, under his Ham! ami Seal, make or cause to be made due Inquiry into the lame, and make such Ol der therein or relating thereto, or to the Frolits that shall be fa fcquellered as aforesaid, for the Return to inch Spiritual Person of the fame or any Part thereof, or other-wile as shall, under all the Circuntstances of the Case, appear to such Archbishop (after such Inquiry made by himself or by his Commissioner or Commissioners, and in the latter Cale alter the Subllar.ee ol such Inquiry shall have been returned in Writing to the said Archbishop) to be just and proper: Provided always, that the Party so appealing shall give Security to the Bishop for the Payment of such lvasonable Expences occasioned by the Appeal, as the Archbishop or his Coniimfhoner or Commissioners shall award: Provided always, that no such Order for any Sequestration shall be put in force during inch Appeal as aforesaid, and until the same shall be determined,

II. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That every Spiritual Person to whom any such Monition or Order in Writing shall be sent as aforesaid under this Act, who shall at the Time of ilFuing thereof be absent from Residence in or upon his Benefice, his Donative, perpetual Curacy or parochial Chapelry, contrary to the Provisions of this A cl, but who shall in obedience to such Monition or Order forthwith return to due Residence, ami the Profits of whose Benefice, Donative, perpetual Curacy or parochial Chapelry, shall by reason of inch Return not be fequcllered, shall nevertheless pay all Coils, Charges, and Expences incurred hv reason of the ilfuing and serving such Monition or Order; and if such Colls, Charges, and Sixpences dial remain unpaid for the Period-of Twenty Days after Demand thereof from the Person liable to the Payment thereof, or left in Writing at his usual or Ialt Place of Abode, it shall be lawful for such Archbishop or Bishop respectively, to cause the same to be recovered by Sequestration of the Profits of the Benefice, Donative, perpetual Curacy or parochial Chapelry of such Spiritual Person as aforesaid, which Sequestration such Bishop and Archbishop are respectively hereby empowered to issue.

III.*And, to the Intent efTedlually to enforce bonaJiJr Residence according to the Intent and Meaningcf such Monitions and Orders as aforesaid be it further enacted, That if any Spiritual Person having r.olawful Cause of Absence from his Benefice, Donative, perpetual Curacy or parochial Chapelry, who after such Monition or Order as aforesaid requiring his Residence, and before or after any such Sequestration as aforesaid, shall, in obedience to such Monition or Order, have begun to reside upon his Benefice, Donative, perpetual Curacy or parochial Chapelry, shall afterwards and before the Expiration of Six Mofiths next after the Commencement of such Residence, in the Judgment of such Bishop or Archbishop, and without lus Leave, wilfully absent himself for One Week from such Benefice, Donative, perpetual Curacy or parochial Chapelry, it shall be lawful for such Bishop or Archbishop, without issuing any other Monition, or making any other Order again, to fequefler and apply the Profits of such Benefice, Donative, or perpetual Curacy as is before directed by'this Act, for the Purpose of enforcing the Residence of such Spiritual Person according to the true Intent of the original Monition i {hied by such Bishop or Archbishop as aforesaid; and it shall be liiwf.il for the Archbishop or Bishop so to proceed in like Cases from Time to Time as often as Occasion may require: Provided that in each and every' of such Cales such Spiritual Person shall be entitled to appeal again! such Sequestration, in such Manner and upon such Terms as herent-before is and are mentioned touching Appeals respetfting Sequestrations; but nevertheless the same shall be in force during such Appeal.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Spiritual Person shall coi.ti me under any Sequestration made under the Provisions of this Act, for Non-residence for the Space of Three Years, or shall underlie Provisions of this A cl incur Three Sequel! rations in the find Space ot Three Years, not being relieved with rebec: to any of such Sequestrations upon Appeal, the Benefice, Donative, perpetual Cmncy or parochial Chapelry, in relation to Noa-residence upon winch such Secpu-deration shall have been made, shall become /^yb /LcT; void, and the Patron entitled to preu-nt or nominate some Clerk thereto, shall present or nominate lame C'erk thereto other than the Clerk who shall have so continued under Inch Sequestration or Sequestrations, as if the fame had been avoided by the i:; tu>'al Death or IF figuatiou of the Party.

V. And be it further cmcicd, That all Coutraels and Agreements made after the passing of this Act for the letting nf Houses of Residence, or the Budding: , Gardem, Orchards and Appnrie; urn<\s r.ccelTary for the convenient Occci.'pation of the fame, belonging to any B; cfice, Donative, perp/ tml Curacy or pred. d Chspelry (to which Houses of Residence any Spiritual Persons shall be required by Order oi the Areblethep or Bishop as aforesaid to proceed and to rehde therein, a Copy of which Order final irnr.Kdij.teiv on the din: t>g thereof be transniilt' d to One of the Churchwardens of the Parish, and be by him forthwith i\r\; d on t\e Occupier of such House of Residence or left at the fame, and which such Churchwarden is hereby requiui to serve accordingly) shall be null and void; and any Person continuing to hold any such House of ReiAace. or

A.D. 1808.

48° GEORGII III. C. 66.- 419

any fnc!\ Building, Garden, Orchard or Premises, after the Day on which the said Spiritual Person shall be Prrfom holding directed by the said Order to rcfule in Inch House of residence, and after Service of such Copy as aforesaid, Pui'.rifiun alter full forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings for every Day he (lull, without the Permission of the Archbishop or

Jjiihop in Writing for that Purpose obtained, wilfully continue to hold any such House, Building, Garden, to the

Orchard or Premises, to be recov. red by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's lVWivof 40s. Courts of Record at Dublin, wherein no Essoign, Privilege, Protection or Wager of Law, or more than One per Day. Imparlance shall be allowed; and the Whole of every such Penalty or Forfeiture fan 11 go and be paid to the Person or Persons who ih.iil inform and lue for the fame, together with such Colls of Suit as shall be allowed according to the Practice of the Court in which such Action shall be brought: But in cales oi such Co >tra<ils Onrrafts m*H« or Agreements made before t lie passing of this A cl the Pci ion holding and occupying under any such Contract or }>o; V)w patTing Agreement, shall not be liable to any Penalty or Forfeiture for Three Calendar Months, to be computed from the this Act.

Service of the Copy or such Order of the Archbishop ov Bbhop us afore! aid upon such Occupier, or at such il'/uieof Residence as aforesaid, and 8eq 11c ft rat ion dull not iflu- for DhobV.ience to the Order of the Arch-bishop or Bishop for Three Calendar Months, to be computed from the Service of the Copy of the said O'der, at the Expiration of which Time it shall be lawful for the Archbishop or Lilhop to iiluv Scqucilixf ion, and from and after the Expiration of which Time the Party continuing to hold any inch Home, Building, Garden,

Orchard, Premises or Appurtenances as aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sum of Forty Shilling* fur every Day lie shall wilfully continue without Inch Permission in Writing as afore hud to hold the lame or any oi them, to be recovered and applied in the like Marnier as aforesaid.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Spiritual Person shall be liable to any Penalties Lf '»nl>ptus not

under this or any' former Act, for not refilling in such House of residence, during such Time as inch Tenant , " T, l" ?nn ucs shall continue to occupy such House of residence and other Buildings neceiidry to the Occupation of during the faint*. Oo.mjug 1<..arits,

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act all and every the Cluufes, Pro- A*I'nll*xund

villous, Penalties and Furnitures in this Act contained in relation to residence, or to any other Matters or m*' Pi:; nuici, Things relating thereto, shall extend and be deemed and construed to extend to all Dignities, Prebends, jkilcfits^Benehces, Donatives, perpetual Curacies, and all parochial Chupelries, exempt as well as nut exempt, and all w

Peculiars, as fully and amply to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame had been and were in this Act particularly mentioned and speedied; any Thing in any Act or Acts, Law or Laws to the contrary thereof notwith-

standing.

" Archbishop, Bishop, and Archdeacon, within whose respective Provinces, Diocese, or Jurisdiction any Benefice,

" See. exempt, shall be locally innate, fh.dl have the fame Powers as if inch Benefice were not exempt; and 14 where any such Benefice, &c. shall be situate in more than One Province, Re., or between the Limits of "Two, the Archbishop or Bhhop, to whole Cathedral the Piinih Church shall be neared, fuall have the like " Powers, Sec., All Peculiars shall be subject to the Archbishop or Bishop to wh.om they belong. $ 8. [Verbatim u as f 39. 0/43 GVc. 3. c. 84. rsfpethng the RfuLnce of the C; \r: y in England."

IX. Provided always, and be it further emitted, That nothi; g in tins Act contained shall extend or be con- Si^ns for the'{trued to extend to alter or affect His Majesty's Royal Prerogative in granting of Drlpcnfations for Non-roll-

deuce upon Benefices, as the lame uowexilts by Law. rrmvyitiv< in ^ranti a, Dapnfadun*.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Tb.at no Pai fonage that hath a Vicar endowed or perpetual Smu-ure Diving*

Curate, and having no Cure ol Souls fhidi be tafeeu to be or be comprehended under the name ot 13 rnefice, within '51F^roia the true Intent and Meaning or forth'* PurpoLs ol this Act. 1 '*'* U

XI. And be it further e nailed, That nothing in this Act contained flinll extend or be cor.*1 rued to extend Act fl-dt not

to rxempt any Person or PeTons from any Canonical or Ecclesiastical Cerlnres or uiiedl an*/ Proet "dings that ^n, rJ

Onll hermfter be in 11 ittited in any Eeclefiull icnl Court, in order to cause the same to beieil Ted in relation toihe i'n/nr* for

Noa-rdidence of any Spiritual Person having or holding anBenefice, Donative, perpetual Curacy or pa- NL.I, -r, -!1.!, .ncc: rochiul Chaplerv, not having any lawful Caule of Absence therefrom: Provided nl\v; s, that from and after the but , 0 fnc'i passing of this Act no such Cm, lures by reason of any Non-residence, not exceedi; g Ak'V MoVis k any One CVr/un- be Year, llndi be put in force; r.ov shall any Proceedings be admitted in any Keel iimiical Court against a \y such jaiio.-cr«H»r Spiritual Person for Inch Non-reftdeuce not exceeding Three Months in any One Y.-ar, at tb Suit or L fimee ofrc<

any Person or Persons other than the Archbishop, Bishop, or Archdeacon only of the Dioceh* and Arch- \, ri Trf, u»cr draconrv, within which Inch Benefice, Donative, pe rpetual Curacy or parochial Chapelry, in ref; u£i whereof nor e\«.jk at the such Xun-reiideuce Hull have taken place, shall be locally filuated; any Thing in any Law or Laves, or Eccle- S.r, to*'ne fiailical Canon or Canons to tint contrary thereof notwithstanding. Ont tv.rv.

XII. Provided always, and be it further oracled. That nothing in this Act contai icd shall extend or he Kx.*pi«mfar continted to extend to or i)any Manner to affedlanv Muller or Preacher ol Holpitdsor Incorporated C ..e table Mragmot Foundations, during the Period for which he may be required to reside by any Charter or; >t itute of a iv inch

Hidptal or Ineoipointed Charitable Foundation, or b any other lawful Authority, in the fame, a d Hi il IV<WiatVui. actually ia tide and o< rfv>rm tiiu duties therein; or the Chancellor or Vicar General, or Sun ate or Otftci il i.i IVribn*. any Kccleliallical Court of any Dioc- ie, whilll they are rt Tiding in the Places wh-re theii rel vtiv<» Olfie- are exvrcised; or any Chaplain or Chaplains of the Lord Lieutenant or any other Chi- f Gove*- for of that Pa t of the said United Kingdom called Ireland, Provided, that every such Chaplain in I have 1 G.tdici-'.e'<; r.

Lord Lieutenant or his Chief Secretary tb.at he is refidnt in Dublin, or near the Peine of the Lord Li ..icmu.t, '

aid is occupied by the Duty of his Office as such Chaplain; or the Provo ft n IVlh us of TV ty College

Dublin, or any Profclfor or publick Officer in the FTuiverfity of Dultm, during the Peru.i, i\»r wi:; 1 he nv - be

required by reason thereof to perform the Duties of any such Office, and actually 11.: 11 perform thehe

lame j or to any Schoolmaster of any School founded and endowed by His Majesty or any of His Ivoyai -

ceho.v*

e

4'20

Exemptions fjKTiiicd only allowed.

Archliirttops and

Bishops

cxrmptod.

Chaplains of Peers,

and of

Archbishops and "Bishops.

On or before 0 5 March 1809, and so annually*Return shall be made to the King in Council of vvny .Jh nefice, k&c., and the lanuubem.s not having redded thereun.

Commencement «of Penalties a Aug. iriOS.

flFrom July 3,

1 son, there ilia.ll be paid an additional Duty of 2 js. for every i'.wt. of Copper Inijotted into % jire: \t. Britain. Drawback on ^Exportation.

-43 G. 3. c. 68.

'From Ar. }fk, ibo; , Itounty -payable on Pilchards exported to the West Indies, ike. exteiuk^l to Pik'harda

0.66, 67, 68. 48" GEORGII in A.D. 1808.

ccfTors, or to any Diocesan Schoolmaster, during such Time as such Schoolmaster shall usually reside at such School and perform the Duties of a Schoolmaster therein,

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act or in any former Act (Kail extend or be construed to extend to exempt from residence any Person on account of any Office or Employment whatever except as herein-before excepted.

XIV. And for the Purpose of removing all Doubts, be it further enacted, That no Archbishop or BifHop having or who shall have any Dignity, Prebend, Benefice, Donative or perpetual Cure, shall, by reason of Non-residence upon the fame, be subject or liable to any Penalties or Forfeitures.

XV. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall be condrued to affect any Privileges of the Peers of Ireland respecting Chaplains.

XVI. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to affect any Privileges of the Arch-bishops or Bishops of Ireland respecting Chaplains.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of March Onethonfand eight hundred and nine, and at the like Period in every succceding Year, a Return or Returns shall be made to His Majesty in Council, by every Archbishop and Bishop of the Names of every Dignity, Prebend, Benefice, Donative, perpetual Curacy, and parochial Chapelry, in their respective Dioceses, or subject to their respective Jurisdiction.v-by-virtue 4>f this Act, and the Natne6 of the several Persons possessing the fame, who shall not have resided thereon by reason of any Exemption under or by virtue of this Act, or any other Act, or by reason of any Permission or Licence granted by the Lord Primate of all Ir el and9 or by any Archbishop or Bishop respectively, for any and what Cause, and also of all the Persons possessing the fame, not having any such Exemption, Permission, or Licence, who shall not have resided on such Dignity, Prebend, JBenefice, Donative, perpetual Curacy, or parochial Chapelry', so far as such Archbishop or Bishop is informed thereof.

XVIII. Provided also, That no Forfeiture or Penalty shall be incurred under or by virtue of this Act, for any Act of Non-residence committed prior to the FirA Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eight.

CAP. LXVII.

An Act for granting an additional Duty on Copper imported into Great Britain, until the Fifth Day

of April One thousand eight hundred raid eleven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

[18th June i8c8.}

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Duty on certain Sorts of Copper imported into Great Britain should be increased for a limited Time; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty. by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in tins present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eight, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, an additional Duty of Customs of Twenty-five Shillings for every Hundred Weight, containing One hundred and twelve Pounds, of Copper of the following Descriptions imported into Great Britain, videlicet y Copper in Bricks or Pigs, Rose Copper, Call Copper, Copper in Plates, Copper Coin, and Copper in Bars, Rods or Ingots hammered or raised; and that on the due Exportation of any such Copper on which the Duties by this Act imposed shall have been paid, there shall be paid and allowed a Drawback of the Whole- of the said Duties; which additional Duty and Drawback shall be managed, raised, levied, collected, paid, recovered, allowed, appropriated, and applied in such and the like Manner, and by the fume Ways, Means, or Methods in every Respect as the Duties and Drawbacks of Customs imposed and allowed by an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty* Reign, intituled, An Act to repeal the Duties of Customs payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof \ are managed, raised, levied, collected, paid, recovered, allowed, appropriated, and applied.

" Duty not payable for Copper imported into Great Britain, in Ships licensed before 23d Aprils or imported " into Free Ports in the Hrejl Indies before id August 18^8. §2. Continuance of Act, 5th April 181 x, &c\ §3."

CAP. LXVIII.

An Act for extending the Bounty now payable on Pilchards exported to the West Indies or Mediterranean to Pilchards exported to any Parts beyond the Seas. [iSth June i8«8.]

WHEREAS a Bounty is now allowed by Law for every Calk of Pilchards containing Fifty Gallons duly exported from Great Britain to Foreign Ports: And whereas the same Proportion of Bounty is now - payable on Pilchards exported directly to any of the British West India 1 (lands, or to any Port or Place in the ' Mediterranean, in Calks of Thirty-two Gallons and upwards: And whereas it is expedient to extend such

Bounty to Pilchards which shall have been, since the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and seven, or shall in future be exported in Calks of Thirty-two Gallons to any Foreign Ports; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That for every Calk of Pilchards or Scads, containing Thirty-two Gallons or upwards, which shall have been exported from Great Britain since the FirA Day of August One thousand eight hundred and seven, or which shall be duly exported from any Port or Place in Great Britain, to any Foreign Parts, there shall be allowed the fame Bounty or Bounties as now is or are, or at the Time of the Exportation of such Pilchards or Scads shall be payable on Pilchards or Scads duly shipped and exported to any of the British Wtjl India Blands, or to^any

A.D. 1808.

4.8° GEORGII III.

.68, 69. 421

reported to any Fv.r i: n lVrts.

[S- MO. 1., II. la, : ro".' .mcr/ / '/ 45 G.a. c. loi.J

Port or Place in the Mediterranean, in Calks of Thirty-two Gallons or upwards; and the said Bounty or Bounties hereby granted shall he allowed in I ke Manner and for tin* same Period, and under and subject to the same Rules, Regulations, RHlriclions, and Provisions, as are prescribed in any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force with respect to the Bounties payable on the Exportation of Pilchards or Scads, to any of the Dniifh JYtfl India I(la; ids, or to «any Port or Place in the Mediterranean, in Cast<$ of Thirty-two Gallons or Howards; and the said Act or Acts shall be in force for the allowing the Bounties grant'd by this Act as fully and effectually as the same are in force with resprdto the Bounti-s row payable on the Exportation of Pilchards or Scads to any of the Brityh I If India Elands, or to any Port or Place in the Mediterranean in Maimer nfoiesaid.

C^P. LXIX.

An Act to permit, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, .Sugar and Coffee to be exported from His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations to any-Port in Europe to the Southward of Cape lr: nijhrrc\ and Corn to be imported from such Port and from the Coail of Africa into the said Colonies and Plantations.

[18th June iSoM.J

7 PI ERE AS it is expedient that Sugar and Coffee of the Growth and Produce of any of 11 is M.tji fly's i Colonies or Plantations in America fhotild be allowed, for a limited Time, to be exported from such ' Colonies or Plantations direct to any Port in Europe to the Southward of C< (; Fn.firre, and that Corn and

Grain should be allowed to be imported into the said Colonies and Plantations from any such Ports in Europe to the Southward of Cape Finisterre and from certain Ports on the Coail of Africa; May it therefore plcalb 1 Your Majesty that it may he enacted, ' and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this preleut Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful for any of His Majesty's Subjects to ship in any of His Majestys Sugar Colonies or Plantations in America any Sugar or Coffee, being of the Growth and Produce of any such Colony or Plantation respectively, ard to export the fame direct to any Port in Europe to the Southward of Cape Finisterre, and to import into the said Colonies or Plantations any Sort of Corn or Grain direct from any Inch Ports in Europe or from any Port or Place on the Conti of Africa to the Northward of the Thirtieth Degree of North Latitude, in such Ships or Vessels, and under such Licences, Entries, Securities, Rellricfcions, Regulations, Limitations, Penalties, and Forfeitures as are herein after particularly described, appointed, limited, and enacted for that Purpose.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Sugar or Coffee shall be shipped or laden in any of the said Colonies or Plantations for the Purpose of being carried to a Port in Europe to the Southward of Cape Firijlcrre except in /h i; <//>built Ships, owned, navigated, and registered according to Law, norunless a Licence shall have been iiril taken out for that Purpose under the Hands of the Conmiiflioners of His Maplly's Cnlloms in England,

Scotland, or Ireland, or any Three or more of them respectively, subject to the Regulations and on the Conditions hereafter mentioned (that is to say); that Notice bo first given in Writing by the Mailer, or by One Cuiloms in the or more Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel to the Collector and Comptroller of the Port in the United h nhedKingdomj Kingdom of Great Britain or Ireland, where such Ship or Vessel shall happen to be, of the Intention of such oa N^uccand Matter or Owner or Owners, that such Ship or Vessel shall proceed to the said Sugar Colonies or Plantations, or some of them, in order to lade Sugar or Coffee to be carried to some Port in Europe to the Southward of Cape Finisterre, and to export from thence, or from any Port or Place on the Coail of Africa to the Northward of the Thirtieth Degree of North Latitude, any Sort of Corn or Grain, and to carry the fame direct0 any of the said Colonies or Plantations from which such Ship or Vessel shall have failed; and that such Mailer or Owner or Owners shall thereupon enter into Bond to the life of His Majesty, llis Heirs and Successors,

\vi: h One or more sufficient Sureties, in the Sum of One thousand Pounds if the Ship be of lets Burthen than One hundred Tons, and in the Sum of Two thousand Pounds if she shall be of that or greater Burthen, with Condition, that in case a Licence shall be granted giving Liberty to such Ship or Vessel to lade and carry Sugar or Coffee from His Majesty's Sugar Colonies or Plantations to any Port in Europe to the Southward of Cape Finisterre, and to export from thence, or from any Port or Place on the Coail of Africa to the Northward of the Thirtieth Degree of North Latitude, any Sort of Corn or Grain dived to the Colonies or Plantations as aforesaid, that such Ship or Vessel shall proceed from Great Britain or Ireland, respectively to the said Colonies or Plantations, and shall deliver the said Licence to the Coiledor and Comptroller of the Port on his Arrival, in case he shall intend to make Use of the Liberty granted by such Licence, which he shall declare m Writing to the Coiledor and Comptroller before he takes any Goods on board, and that in Inch Case r.o other Goods whatever, except Sugar and Coffee, shall be taken on board any such Ship or vessel, unleL it be lor the necessary Use of such Ship and Vessel during her Voyage.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case any Ship or Vessel licensed by virtue of this Act shall take on board in any of the said Sugar Colonies or Plantations, or in her Voyage from thence, any Sugar or Coffee, being the Property of any other Person than some of His Majesty's Sub Ml s, and such as shall be shipped and laden on their proper Rifle and Account, to be carried to some Port of Europe to the Southward of Cape Finisterre a - aforesaid, all such Sugar or Coffee so laden on board such Shio or Veil'd shall be forfeited and loll.

IV. And be it further enacted, That before any Sugar or Come shall be laden or put on bo.ud any Ship or Vessel in the said Colonies or Plantations, or any of them, by virtue of a Licence to be granted under the Authority of this Act, to be carried to any Port of Europe to the Southward of Cape Finisterre, tin* Mailer or o'her Person having or taking the Charge of such Ship or Vessel, shall deliver to the Collector and Comptroller of the Port where such Ship is to take in her Lading, the said Licence, ligued hv the said Commifiiu.ier* of the Customs, or any Three or more of them respectively, and a Certificate of such Bond having been tiven in Great Britain or Ireland, 33 the Case may be as aforesaid, and shall declare in Writing to the Collector and

Sugar and Coffee my be exported fr mi the Uritiih ]'! -mi at ions chre£fc t«* any Port in Europe Southward of Caj* Kii.ilWre, and Corn m-tv lie import'd from thence, So*. Lilt# tin* British Plantations.

No Susrar or C<itfee shall he flopped except in British-built Ships, licensed l*v the Boards of

Security given to those Boards, Ne,

Surrnr a ml O ( so shipped, nut being the lV'jx rtv of

IV.thh Subjei£U# f. netted.

Brduc Sucsr w.d (.'ode. are (htoped, Mailer ti.a! make lh < U.ation and it mb 1 his Licetu e to the Otfurr there;

48 Geo. III.

3 I

A.D. 1808.

Entry thereof

ami Udf the fame urvlrr Directions herein cuffed.

No Goods except Sugar and ( elit e tiiall be Ulen on board.

Bond Dial! 1*

«Jm lurked, on lit turn of Vessel, by producing the Donee and < ertifuate of the funding of the S J^ar and Coffee, Kv<

C. 69.

48° GEORGII III.

Comptroller whether he intends to load any Sugar or CofFee pursuant to such Licence, which shall be done before any Goods are laden on board such Ship or Vessel, otherwise such Licence shall be invalid and of no Force or Effect; but if it Hut 11 be declared as aforesaid, That Sugar or Coffee are intended to be laden and carried to foreign Parts, pursuant to such Licence, then in order to ascertain the Quantity, Quality, Sort, or Denomination of the Sugar or Coffee to be exported in every such Ship from the said Colonies or any of them, pursuant to such Licence, and the Liberty granted by this Act, and to prevent the Exportation from the said Colonies or Plantations of any Goods before enumerated, the Merchant or other Person intending to export any Sugar or Coffee in such Ship or Vessel, shall, before the fame or any Part thereof are (tupped or put oi> board, make an Entry or Entries of such Sugar or Coffee in Writing with the Collector and Comptroller of liis Majority's Customs, expressing the Name of the Ship and the Malter on which such Sugar or CofTte are to be laden, and where flu* lies, and also the Places, Quays, or Wharfs where they are to be laden or first Water borne in order to be laden, which shall be within such Ports only where Culturn Houses are dlablished, and where an 01 liter or Officers are or shall be appointed to attend the lading and shipping thereof, or at such Places as shall be mentioned in a Sufferance or Warrant to be taken out from the Collector and Comptroller for that Purpose, and shall thereon take out from the said Collector and Comptroller a Cocquet or Warrant accordingly, whereon shall be indorsed by the Exporter the Marks, Numbers and Contents, Sorts, or proper Denomination of inch Sugar or Coffee, and shall deliver the Cocquet or Warrant so indorsed to the Searcher or other Officer appointed for the examining and shipping thereof, and shall fifip or lade such Sugar or Coffee in the Prc fence of such Officer or Officers, or at such Places as shall be mentioned in the said Sufferance or W arrant, that the proper Officer or Officers may attend the Shipping thereof, and such Officer or Officers are hereby empowered to examine the fame before they are put on board, and if upon examining the said Sugar or CofTte which shall be shipped or brought to be shipped by virtue of such Cocquet or Warrant, either before or after the shipping thereof, the Number of Calks or Packages shall be greater than is indorsed thereon, or if there shall be found any other Sugar or Coffee but such as shall be so iudoried on such Cocquet or Warrant taken out and delivered as aforesaid, or any other Goods than Sugar and Coffee, shall be discovered to have been laden or put on board any Ship or Vessel having Liberty to trade to Parts to the Southward of Cape Finisterre by virtue of this Act, or shall be brought to be shipped on board such Ship or Vessel, or shall be put into any Hoy, Lighter, Boat, or other Vessel, in order to be put on board such Ship or Vessel before such Entry or taking out such Cocquet or Warrant, indorsing and delivering of the fame, and not being dripped in the Manner aforesaid, but shall be put on board, or attempted to be put on board contrary to the Directions of this A<ff, all such Sugar, Coffee, and other Goods so shipped or brought to be shipped in any of the Cases aforesaid shall be forfeited and lost, as also the Hoy, Lighter, Boat, or other Vessel or Carriage whatever, employed in shipping or attempting to ship any Goods other than Sugar or Coffee, together with the Ship or Vessel on which such other Goods shall be laden, and the Owner of such Sugar or Coffee, or other Goods, shall also forfeit double the Value thereof, to be recovered in the Court of Vice-Admiralty held in any of His Majority's Plantations in America, or in any other Court of Record in any of His Majority's Plantations in America, at the Election of the Informer or Prosecutor, One-third Part to be to the Die of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, One-third Part to the Governor of the said Colony, and the other One-third Part to the Informer or Prosecutor; and before such Ship or Vessel shall depart from the said Colonies with the Sugar or Coffee laden as aforesaid, the Master or other Person having or taking Charge thereof shall receive the said Licence from the Collector and Comptroller with a Certificate indorsed thereon or affixed thereto under their Seals of Office, who are to make Two Copies of such Licence, Indorsements, or Certificates, for all which Entries, Cocquets, Indorsements, and Certificates, or Copies, no more shall betaken by the said Officers than the legal and accustomed Fees, and the Mailer or other Person having or taking Charge of such ship shall, before he receives the said Licence, attest the said Copies under his Hand, which are to be left-with the Collector and Comptroller, who are hereby required, as soon as conveniently they can, to transmit One of the said Copies of the Indorsements or Certificates to the Commissioners of the Customs in England, Scotland, or Ireland respectively by whom the Licence was granted; but in case any Goods besides Sugar or Coffee shall be found on board or carried by any such Ship or Vessel to any foreign Parts other tiian such as are limited by this Act, then the Liberty granted by such Licence shall ccafe and become void and of none Effect, and such Ship or Vessel, and also the Mailer or other Person having or taking the Charge of such Ship or Vessel, and all others concerned, shall be subject and liable to all and every the same Penalties and Forfeitures as they would have been subject a id liable to in case this Act had not been made.

V. And be it further enacted, That upon the Return to the United Kingdom of Great Britain or Ireland of any Ship or Vessel which shall, pursuant to the Liberty given by this Act, carry Sugar or Coffee from His Majesty's Sugar Colonies or Plantations to any Port in Europe to the Southward of Cape Finisterre, the Mailer or other Person taking Charge of such Ship or Vessel shall bring back and deliver to the Commi(Tinners of the Customs in England, Scotland, or Ireland respectively, or to the Collector and Comptroller of the Port in the United Kingdom where such Ship or Vessel shall first arrive, the said Licence, together with a Certiffcate signed and sealed by the Consul, or Two known Brit'r/h Merchants of good Credit at the Port or Place where such Sugar or Coffee was landed, certifying the landing thereof, with the Number of Calks or other Packages of Sugaror Coffee so landed, and the Mark, Number, and Contents of each Caffe or Package, with the N.nne of the Ship and Mallei, and that he or they verily believe that no other Goods than Sugar or Coffee have been there landed out of inch Ship or Vessel, and upon such Licence being returned with the Oath or Affirmation of the Mailer and an Account of the Lading indorsed thereon or annexed thereto as aforesaid, and nho upon such Certificate of the Consul or Two known British Merchants of good Credit being produced, and Oatn er

British 0 tl, ., j

Affirmation made as aforesaid, and the several other Matters and Things required by this Act being Ely complied with, the Bond given before granting such Licence shall be discharged and delivered up, any lUg

7 vl

A.D. 18cS. 48° GEORGII III. C. 69, 70, 71.

in the said Bond or 111 tin's Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding, otherwise fweh Bond shall be forfeited, and shall and may be prosecuted in the Manner directed by tins Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That upon the Mailer or Owner or Owners of inch Ship or Vessel conforming in every Respect to the Terms and Conditions of the said Licence and Bond, and obtaining a Certificate* from the Consul or Two known British Merchants as aforesaid, at the Port where the Sugar or Coffee may have been landed, it shall and may be lawful for such Ship or Vessel to ship or load in the l'-nrt of her Delivery, or at any Port or Place on the Co a ft o I Africa to the Northward of the Latitude of Thirty Degrees North, any Sort of Corn or Grain, the Produce of Europe or ylfrica, for Exportation direct to the Lid Colonies or Plantation, and there land the fame, any Thing contained in an Act made in England in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King Chivies the Second, intituled, yin yld for the Encouragement of Trade, or any other Act or Acts in force in the United Kingdom, or in Great Britain or Inland rcipectively, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures incurred by this Act (except where it is hereby otherwise provided) shall and may be prosecuted in any of Ills Majesty's Courts of Record at VS eft* rhnjlrr or Dublin or the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, One Moiety whereof to be for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who will ftie for, prosecute, and recover the fame, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed, nor any more than One Imparlance.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be filed or prosecuted for any Thing done or to be done in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence, and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Prosecutor or Prolocutors shall become nonsuit or forbear the Prosecution or discontinue his, her, or their Action, or if a Verdict shall pass again it him, her, or them, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have the like Remedy for the same as in Cases where Colts are by Law given to Defendants.

IXi. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall grant any false Certificate, or counterfeit, erase, or alter any Licence, Oath, or Certificate which shall be made or given pursuant to this Act, or shall knowingly or wittingly publish or make use thereof, such Person or Persons shall forfeit Five hundred Pounds, to be recovered and disposed of in the Manner directed by this Act, and such Licence, Oath, or Certificate fa falsified, counterfeited, erased, or altered, shall be invalid and of no Effect.

(t Continuance of Act, 25th March 1810. §10."

423

\vnv\ widi

(t-n.ft.-w uYAy

ft.: {> (for the biitiib CYloun-s vlity ft*

1 j Car. C. c-

H"'ovonr and ApjilhMtii n ft

l'UiOiUVi.

Genial I Hue.

Treble tblU.

Penalty on crrrmrjn<» or Lite ( Yrtiftcaicu, ike. 50ol.

CAP. LXX.

An Act to provide that British Ships which shall be captured by the Enemy, and shall afterwards become the Property of Briti/ls Subjects, shall not be entitled to the Privilege of British Ships.

[18th June 1808.]

WHEREAS the allowing 2?r/7//&-built Ships or Vessels which have been made Prize by the Enemy, and

afterwards by Purchase become the Property of British Subjects, to be registered again as British

Ships, renders such Captures more advantageous to the Enemy be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and eight, no British-buWt Ship or Vessel which has been captured by the Enemy, and which shall not have been registered de novo before the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and eight, nor any Brili/b-huilt Ship or Vessel which shall hereafter be captured by the Enemy, shall be registered as a Britj/b-bvmt Ship, or shall enjoy any of the Privileges and Advantages belonging to a British-built Ship; but every Such Ship or Vessel, although owned by a British Subject or Subjects, shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes, as a Foreign-built Ship or Vessel j any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary' in any wise notwithstanding.

From Oft, 7,

ISOS, no Eiiiiih built YrftTrl e.'tptniH the

Enemy flmtl atWnmrd-. l>c rejifWeil ns a Briuih YvlTci.

CAP. LXXI.

An Act to amend so much of Two Acts of this Sdlion of Parliament, for carrying into Execution certain Orders in Council, as relates to the Duties on Goods exported from the Warehouses in which they have been secured on Importation, and on certain Prize Goods imported into Great Britain or Ireland.

[18th June 1808.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for granting to His 4Rq.r

Majesty, until the End of the next Sejfwn of Parliament, Duties of Customs on the Goods, IVarcs, and § > qi 7.

Merchandize therein enumerated, in further mice of the Provif/ons of certain Orders in Council; and by another

Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to His j\ Imply, until the End 4Hq 3 c. 29 1 oj the next Session of Parliament, certain Duties on the Exportation from Ireland of Goods, Wares, and Mrr- §^5/1, ."

chandize therein enumerated, it was enacted and provided, that nothing therein contained fiionld extend to charge, with any of the Duties granted by those Acts respectively, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize (except Cotton Wool or Yarn and Jesuits Bark) imported into Great Britain or Ireland, under certain

Circumstances and in certain Cases therein specilird, provided the fame should, upon their Importation, have been or should be warehous'd for Exportation only: And whereas under certain Acts now in force, regulating

the warehousing of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, no Provision is made, authorizing the Importer of Inch Goods, Wares, and Merchandize to declare, upon the Importation of the fame, whether they are intended

3 I 2^' for j

424 C. 71, 72.

48° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1808.

Goi'xU imported Under (he*

C'irru ndtances specifud in the rvciud A us may be exported free from Duty, if declared for Exportation only.

"Exemption for Prize Goods in < main Cases. [See 48 (r. -J. c. 26. §8 :

r.28.

Exemption for Goods exported h Tilly to the Isle of .Man.

for Ho^ip Consumption or Exportation; by reason whereof many Goods, Wares, and Merchandize may and will be liable to the Payment of the Duties by the said recited Acts imposed, contrary to the true Intent and ' Meaning of the fame be it therefore enacted, by the King's most Excellent M ..jesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this pivLnt Parliament afiemhM, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize (except Cotton Wool or Yarn or Jesuits Bark) which shall have been or shall be imported under the Circuiivll'mces and in the Cases in the said recited Act specifvd as aforesaid, into Great Britain or Ireland, and secured in Warehouses by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force at and immediately before the passing of this Act, shall and may he exported from Great Britain or Ireland without Payment of the Duties imput'd on such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, liy the said recited Acts passed in the present Session of Parliament, notwithstanding it may not have been declared at the Time of the Admission of such Goods into the Warehouses in which they were lodged and iYcured, that they were so warehoused for the Purpose of Exportation only: Provided always, that no such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall be exempt and discharged from any of the Duties by the said recited Act imposed, unless the Importer, Consignee, or Owner of the fame, (ballon or before the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eight, or within one Mouth from and after the Importation of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, under the Circumstances and in the Cases aforesaid, after the passing of tins Ad, either have cleared or shall clear the fame for Exportation, or have declared or shall declare the fame for Exportation only; which Declaration the proper Officer of the Cuiloms is hereby authorized and directed to enter or cauie to be entered, at the Requell of inch Importer, Consignee, or Owner.

II. And be it further enacted, That nothing in the said recited Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to charge with any of the Duties granted by the said Acts, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, (except Cotton Wool or Yarn or Jeluits Bark) which shall have been condemned as Prize in any Vice-Admiralty Court in His Majesty's Dominions, and which have been or shall be imported into Great Britain or Ireland, accompanied with the regular Certificates of Condemnation; which Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall have been captured in any Vessel which shall have cleared out from the Port or Place from which i'uch VelLl failed upon her Voyage whereon the fame was captured previous to the Time specifiedin the above recited Acts, as the Period at which Notice shall be presumed to have been received at such Ports or Places respectivelf of certain Orders in Council mentioned in the said recited Acts.

III. And be it further enacted, That nothing in the said recited Act contained shall extend or he construed to extend, to charge with any of the Duties granted by the said Act any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, which could previous to the puffing of the said Act have been legally exported to the Isle of Man,

[See 4hG.3. c. 26. §2d.]

Where Duties have been paid or secured in Cases exempted by this Act, the Duty shall be returned and tie Securities cancelled by Commissioners of Cuiloms. §4. The period for Importation of Goods from the 44 IVjl Indies, under 48 G. 3. c. 26. §6. extended to ill August 1808. §5."

CAP. LXXII.

An Act for the Increase and Preservation of Timber in Dean and New Forests.

[18th June 1808.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second,

\ \ intituled, An Act for the 1acre a fe and Preservation of Timber within the Fore/] of Dean: And whereas

a certain other Act was passed in the Parliament holden in the Ninth and Tenth Years of King IVillium the

Third, intituled, An Act for the Increase and Preservation of Timber in the New Forest, in the Count)' of Southampton; by which laid Acts Part of the Wa(lc Lands in the said Forests of Dean and New Fcr.Jl 4 reflectively were directed to be inclosed and kept in Severalty for the Growth and Preservation of Timber,

and which said Acts have not been duly put in Execution: And whereas from the great and incrcaling 4 Difficulty of procuring a Supply of Timber from Foreign Countries, and from the Estates of private Individuals in the United Kingdom, for the Use of the Navy, it has become nceeffiiry to adopt Measures for infilling a more adequate Supply of Timber in this Kingdom, and for this Purpose to make more effectual Provision for carrying the said recited Acts into full and complete Execution: And whereas certain Inclosures have been made under the said recited Acts in the said Forests reflectively; but Doubts may a rife whether io miking iome of the said Inclosures all the Forms of Procedure required by the said recited Acts have been ilridly creplied with Bv it therefore enacted, &c.

Inclosure of 6)6 Acres in Dean Forest declared legal. §1. Certain Inclosures in New ForeJ] declared legal. $ zN

III. 4 And, in order to complete the Quantity of Eleven thousand Acres in Dean Forest, and Six thousand Acres in New Forest, to be inclosed and kept in Severalty for the Growth and Preservation of Timber,

according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said recited Acts p be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for His M deity, His Heirs and Successors, from Time to Time to iticlofe, fever, and improve within and out of the Waste Lands of the fa: d Fold I of Dean and Neva Forj] respectively, in Whole or in Part, such Quantity of Lauds iii the Whole as shall, together with the Quantity already in Inclosure, or which shall be incBhd as aforesaid in tire said Forests respectively, make up the said Quantities of Eleven thousand Acres in the F'rest of Dean, and Six thousand Acres in the New ForeJ, and so that there shall not he more than Eleven thousand Acres in the Forest of Dean, and Six thousand Acres in the New Forcfl, inclosed and held in Severalty as aforesaid at one and the same Time; and such Inclosures shall be made under and by virtue of Commilfwis to be granted and issued by Hi* Map'll y for that Purpose, and each of such Commissions shall be directed to Six or more such Persons as His Majesty shall think fit, whereof Two iu each Commission shall be JuiliaW hi?

Feaei

iRccitalof Arts, HO Gar. 2. c. U. 9&loW.3.t>.; .6.

l\.r}o\urv* of

11, 000 A< rt - In

3).Mil Gui\ it and 600O in Nnv 1 orril in th*'

whole shall he

item Time to Time in 1 h* uiitl t ( uUin 'll*. Uid

the a!ais

titer* of returned into the Exchequer.

A.D. 1808.

48° GEORGII III.

C. 72, 73. 425

Peace for the County -within which the Pored in which the Inclosure shall be made shall be situate, ami shall not be Officeis of such Forest; ami inch Inclosure shall be set out and made from and out of such Parts or Places in the tad Pure (Is respect vdy as shall be Gund or aicertJucd by the said Commi (Turners, or any Three or more of them, to be moss co ve dent to be imjofed. and to be belt adapted for the Growth a id Produce of Timber, a id nmy be belt, {pared from the Commons and Highways of the respective Counties; which laid liicloiures shall be ad mea fared by a sworn Surveyor, and let out and inclosed, butted, and bounded, and the Quantities, Betts, and B ui -danes thereof returned into His M?.j 'lly's Court of Exchequer, there to remain of Record forever; and the said I.clufures so made and let out as aforesaid, shall remain in Severalty in the actual Pofleih m of the Crown, freed and discharged of and from all Rights of Common, and of and from all Manner of Rights, T.tL. % or Pretences, or Privileges, or Claims whatsoever, during the Period of the fame remaining so inclosed for tin Growth and Preservation of Timber, and until the fame or any Part thereof shall be laid open under the Provisions of the said recited Acts and this Act, according to the Purport and true latent of the said recited Acts and this Act, and shall be made and reputed a Nursery or Nurieries for Wood and Ti nber only.

li Whenever the Woods in such Inclosnrcs are pafl Danger from browsing of Deer, &c. they may belaid open, u a..d o.her Quantities inclosed. §4. Decayed Trees allowed for making and maintaining Inclosures. §5."

VI. 4 A id, to the end the said Inclosures may be preserved in the Crown for publick Use as aforesaid, ' be Grant# of

it enacted, That in case any Person whatever shall presume to take or obtain any Gift, Grant, Estate, or Inclosure, Tree*, Intercil of or in the said Inclosures, or any Wood or Trees growing thereon, every Inch Gift, Grant, Estate, VOk<*' or lntcrctt shall ifjo facia he null and void, and the Person so taking the same shall be utterly disabled and incapable to have, hold, or enjoy any such Gift, Grant, Estate, or Iutereff, and also shall forfeit Treble the Value of any such Gift or Grant to him who shall first sue for the lame in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster by A cl ion of Debt, wherein no ElTbign or Wager of Law shall be allowed to the Defendant.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall wilfully destroy or take away, or shall break Pncalty for

down any Fence or Inclosure, or any Part thereof, made for the Protection of any Nurseries of Wood and breaking Timber as aforesaid shall for the Firil Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, and for the Second Offence the 10^.

Sum of Twenty Pounds, and for the Third Offence shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and may be transported 20*jnce

to any Part beyond the Seas for the Term of Seven Years, or be fulneCl to such other Punishment by Fine, a<l! fiugie

imprisonment, or otherwise, as the Court before which such Person shall be convicted may direct; and such Felony.

Penalties shall and may be recovered, and on Non-payment thereof, the Person who shall forfeit the fame may

be committed to Prison, in the Manner and for the fame Periods as is specified in an Act passed in the Sixth

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Preservation of Timber Trees, and 6G.3, C'4S».

(f Woods and Underwoods, and for the further Preservation of Roots, Shrubs, and Plants, in relation to the Penalties of Twenty Pounds and Thirty Pounds respectively, for wilfully cutting or breaking down any Timber under the said Act.

cap; lxxiii.

An Act to improve the Land Revenue of the Crown in England, and also of His Majesty's Duchy of Lancaster.

[18th June 1808.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

An Act for the better Management of the Land Revenue of the Crown, and for the Sale of Fee Farm 31 G. 3. c.J$, 1 and other uninfrovealle Rents; and it is expedient, that further Provisions should be made for the better Management of the Land Revenues of the Crown within the ordering and Survey of the Exchequer, and of the Duchy of Lancaf -r; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Louis Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That where any Laud or Ground belonging or hereafter to belong to His Majesty, H is Heirs or Successors, within the ordering and Survey aforesaid, shall be deemed by the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster for the Time being, fit and proper for Gardens, Yards, Curtilages and other Appurtenances to be used and enjoyed with any House or Houses or Buildings erected or to be erected upon Ground belonging either to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or to any other Proprietors, it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, to demise or grant such Land or Ground to any Person or Persons, or to any Bodies Politick or Corporate, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, or the Seal of the Exchequer, or the Seal of the Duchy and County Palatine of Lancaster, for any Term or Estate not exceeding Ninety-nine Years to be computed from the Date or making of any such Lease or Grant respectively; or if any such Lease or Grant be made to take effect in Reversion or Expectancy, then that the Term and Estate thereby to be granted, together with the Term or Estate, Terms or Estates in PoflVlfion of and in the fame Lands and Ground shall not exceed Ninety-nine Years, computed from the Date or making thereof as aforesaid.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Land or Ground for Garden, Yard, Curtilage or c 10Land not other Appurtenance to be used and enjoyed with any Iioufes or Buildings holden or to be holden under any he pramc-cl l«r Lease from His M tj fly or His Royal Predecessors, shall be granted or demised for any Term or Estate

exceeding in Duration the Term or Estate for which the Houses or Buildings to which such Land or Ground Huufe. shall be so attached as Garden, Yard, Curtilage or other Appurtenance shall be holden.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act no Lease of any Land or No Date of Ground belonging or hereafter to belong to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, within the ordering and Crown Land# Survey of the Exchequer m England, shall in future be granted for any Life or Lives: any Thing in any fh*!I Sfguuuii

3 former lwUc-

Ills Majesty nny crant Leaies lor 99 y<arsof Luml* for Gardens, be used with Houses buipt eiilier on ( rown Lamb or others*

A.D. 1808.

( r'»Mi Lrtifcs I' r < »inl 11s may >(v us

11 1; l.rafos of IIoui'*s may im.ivr -3 \ (j.0. c. 7 j. § j, 6.

Ixiaf's maybe rcrw'.ved at a y Tim*, R3 tar as relates to Lands deem*! proper for Garde its.

Snrrevor fieneial may with Content of the Treasury, pirn ha fe Leases of Crown Lamb for the Public Service.

Towers of

Kenew.il in renewable Cases, where Leases surrendered.

?S7ew T^afe*, fh-iU he paid for h> I a; flees.

C'hanr cllor of Duchy and Surveyor General may authorize nunc pro tunc Enrolments, Entries, or Dockets of Jx*ases, fkc,

08 G. 3. c. 60.

42 G. 3. e. ! 16. § iat, &c.

(lor Redemption ot Land Tax.)

C. 7

J> -

48' GEORGII III.

former Act of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding; excepting only such Lease or Leases for Live*, as in and by a certain Act passed in the Forty-fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for inclosng Lands in the Pari jo of Great Staughton in the County of Huntingdon, is and are authorized to be granted.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to renew any Leases of such Land or Ground demised or granted under the Authority of this Act, for Garden, Yard, Curtilage and other Appurtenances to be used and enjoyed with any Houses or Buildings, at such Times and upon such Terwii, and under and subject to the same Rules, Redactions, and Provisions, as are prescribed by the said recited Act of the Thirty-fourth Year of His present Majesty or by this Act, for the Renewal of Leases of any Tenements and Hereditaments authorized thereby respectively, to be granted for a Term not exceeding Ninety, nine Years: Provided always, that where any such Land shall be held and used under this Act as a Gard. Yard, Curtilage or other Appurtenance to any Houses or Buildings holden under any Lease from the Crown, it shall be lawful to renew the Lease of such Land at the same Time as the Lease of such Houses and Buildings arc renewed, and for the fame Term and under the like Conditions.

V. Pi ovided alto, and be it further enacted, That whenever Lands or Grounds, or Part of any Lands or Grounds held under any Lease or Grant from His Majesty or His Royal Predecessors, thali have been or be deemed proper and fit as aforesaid for Gardens, Yards, Curtilages or other Appurtenances as aforesaid, it shall be lawful at any Time during the Continuance of the Demiie of any such Lands or Grounds, to renew the Lease or Grant thereof, or of Inch Part thereof as aforesaid, under such Provisions and Conditions as are herein* before prescribed, for the Demise or Grant of any Land or Ground to be used as a Garden, Yard, Curtilage or other Appurtenance.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Surveyor General, with the Approbation of and by the Direction of the Lord High Treasurer or Comini flioners of the Treasury for the Time being, or any Three of them, to contrail and agree with any Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Person or Persons holding any Messuages, Lands, Premises, Tenements, or Hereditaments belonging to the Crown, for the Surrender of any Lease thereof, or to purchase and buy up any Lease, or the Remainder of any Term of any Lease of any Messuages, Lands, Premises, Tenements, or Hereditaments belonging to the Crown, which may be convenient for the publick Service, and may, by any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, be deemed eligible to be purchased or bought up, and to pay the Con ii derat ion agreed to be paid for such Surrender or Purchase to the Body or Bodies, or Person or Persons entitled thereto, out of any Money arising from any Sales heretofore made, and which may be vested in the Bank of England in the Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, or which may hereafter aiiie from any Sale of any Property belonging to the Crown, under this Act, or the said recited Acts as aforesaid.

VII. And whereas by the said recited Act, new Leases to be granted upon the Surrender of any fubiitling

Lease are limited to the said Term of Years as was granted by such surrendered Lease; audit may be doubtful

in Cases wherein a Power is given by the said recited Act, to renew any Lease or Grant, whether if the

fubfilling Leafcbe furendered the fame can be renewed for a longer Term than was granted by such surrendered ' Lease; be it therefore enacted and declared, That in all Cases in which any Lease or Grant of any Lands, Houses, Tenements, or Hereditaments may be renewed under the said recited Act or this Act, it shall be lawful to make any new Lease or Grant of such Premises upon the Surrender thereof, for such Term and upon the fame Conditions as if the fame had been renewed under the Provisions of the said recited Act or this Act, and had not been first surrendered.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Charges and Expences of any new Lease or Grant made upoir the Surrender of any fubfilling Lease or Grant under the said recited Act of the Thirty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, shall be borne and defrayed by the Leflecs or Grantees thereof respectively.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the Enrolment of any Lease or Assignment, or Minute or Dockets thereof before the Auditor of the Land Revenue, or the Auditors of the Duchy of Itaneafter, or the Entry of any Lease or Alignment, or Minute or Docket of any Lease or Alignment, in the Office of the said Surveyor General, or Auditors of the said Duchy, has been or shall be omitted or delayed beyond the Period limited in any such Lease, it shall be lawful for the Chancellor of the said Duchy of Lane fer, or the said Surveyor General, for any reasonable Cause to them or either of them shewn for the Omission or Delay', and they and each of them are and is hereby' empowered to authorize and permit the making of any such Enrolment or Entry nunc pro tunc; and the fame respectively when made under such Authority shall be as valid and effectual as if made within the Period limited for that Purpose.

X. 1 And whereas by an Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making prpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase in the Manner therein fated, the federal Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax for One Tear, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand fiven

hundred and ninety-eight; and by another Act passed in the Forty-second Year of His present Majesty, intituled, 1 /In Act for confo/idating the Provisions of the several Sifts passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax 1 into One Act, and for making further Provision for the Redemption and Sale thereof, and for removing Doulis

rrfpefting the Right of Persons claiming to vote at Elections for Knights of the Shire and other Members to firve 1 in Parliament, in ref pc ft of Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, the Land Tax upon which fall have been redeemed or purchased; the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster for the Time being is empowered to sell and dispose of, and thereupon to grant and allure in the Name of His Majesty, His Heirs and

Successors, under the Seal of the said Duchy of Lancaster, such and so much of the Manors, Messuages, ' Lands, Tenements, Tythes, Mines, Minerals, Collieries, Woods, Wood Grounds, Fens, Marshes, or Waile Lands belonging to the Crown, as are within the Survey and Receipt of the said Duchy, as would raitea

Sum fufticiciit for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged on the Revenues belonging to the Crown,

within

A.D. 1808.

48° GEORGII III.

c-73-

42;

( hanreilor and C mncil of l)ar!> of Lim/ailr r cmjKMtcrod to ft 11 cf-ria in Lin Is, under K % 01l.1t i< no of rcvitol

' within the Survey and Receipt of the said Duchy: And whereas it may he expedient, that Power should he

continued in the said Chancellor and Council to fell such Portion of the fad Revenues as shall he the haft

productive in proportion to their Value before or after the said Land Tax charged upon the Revenues belonging to the said Duchy shall have been redeemed be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Chancellor and Council of the said Duchy of Lancaster for the Time being, to sell and dispose of to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick, or Corporate, from Time to Time, and thereupon to grant and a/Iure in the Name of His Majesty, His Heirs and Sticcessors, under the Seal of the said Duchy, such Manors or Lordships belonging to the Crown, as are within the Survey and Receipt of the said Duchy, as con fill of the Manerial Rights without any Lands, or with very small Quantities of Land belonging to them, and where the greater Part of the Lands over which the Manerial Rights extend is the Property of Individuals, and of Manors or Lands of which His Majesty in Right of his Duchy as aforesaid, is not the foie Proprietor, but is entitled to an undivided Share jointly with Individuals, and intermixed with the Property of Individuals, and lying remote from other Property belonging to the Crown, and of Ground or Buildings appertaining or antiently held with any Cattle or llrong Building now or lately used for a Common Gaol, or with any Budding used for holding the Affixes or Sessions in any County or District, or for the Court House or Gaoler's House, or in which the Magistrates for any County or Diitridt may claim to have Rights from the Length of Use or Enjoyment for the publick Purposes of such County or District, and of Tythes belonging to the Crown, within the Survey of the said Duchy aforesaid, issuing out of Lands, which arc the Property of Individuals, and of Mills, Fisheries, Ferries, Tolls, and Stalls of Market3 and Fairs, and Waites belonging to the Crown, within the Survey of the Duchy aforesaid, upon or from which Ulurpations or Incroachments have been made by Individuals, for the hell Prices or Considerations in Money which the said Chancellor and Council shall be able to procure for the fame; and the Purchase Money to be paid for the same shall from Time to Time be paid into the Hands of the Receiver General of the Revenues of the said Duchy, in the like Manner as the Monies arising from the Sale of Lands of the Duchy authorized by the said recited Acts of the Thirty-eighth and Forty-second Years of His present Majesty are directed to be paid; and all Sales made under this Act of the Property herein-before described, shall be made in the same Manner and Form, and under the like Rules, Regulations, and Provisions, and shall be to all Intents and Purposes as valid and effectual as if the fame had been made under the said Acts of the Thirty-eighth and Forty-second Years of His present Majesty, or either of them.

XI. 4 And whereas by an Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Land-Ta* 4 making perpetual, subjitl to Redemption and Purchase in the Planner therein fated, the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax for One Year, from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand

ftven hundred and ninety-eight; and another Ad\ passed in the Forty-second Year of his said present Majesty,

intituled, An Act for consolidating the Provisions of the several Acts pajfd for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax into One Ad, and for making further Provison for the Rtdtmption and Sale thereof, and for removing Doubts respecting the Right of Persons claiming to vote at Efedions for Knights of the Shire and other Members to serve 1 in Parliament, in respect of Mrjfuages, Lands, or Tenements* the Land Tax upon which fall have been redeemed or purchase d; the said Surveyor General of the Land Revenues of the Crown for the Time being was empowered to contract for the Sale, from Time to Time, of such or so much of the Manors, Messuages,

Lands, Tenements, Tythes, Mines, Minerals, Collieries, Woods, Wood Grounds, Fens, Marshes, or Waste Lands belonging to the Crown, within the Survey or Receipt of the Exchequer in England, as would raise

a Sum sufficient for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged on the Land Revenue belonging to the Crown:

And whereas in pursuance of the said recited Provision, certain Parts of the Property of the Crown which are lealt productive in proportion to their Value, have been feledied for the Purpose of being fold, and a large Part thereof has actually been sold to great Advantage, and the Augmentation of the Land Revenue of the Crown; but a confulerable Portion of the different Kinds of Property so selected for Sale will Hill remain undisposed of, after the necessary Fund for the Redemption of such Land Tax shall have been raised; audit is expedient that Power should be continued to the said Surveyor General to fell the said Portion of Property so remaining undisposed of tinder the said recited Acts, and to make further Sales of Property of the like

Description be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Surveyor General for the Time being, Surveyor to contract or agree with any Person or Persons, or any Bodies Politick or Corporate, for the Sale from Time General to Time of such Manors or Lordships belonging to the Crown as coufitt of Manerial Rights and Quit Rents, without any Lands or with very small Quantities of Land belonging to them; and where the greater Part of the Lands over which the Manerial Rights extend is the Property of Individuals, and ot Manors or Lands of which His Majesty is not the foie Proprietor, but is entitled to an undivided Share jointly with Individuals, and of Lands dispersed in small Quantities, and intermixed with the Property ot Individuals, and lying remote from other Property belonging to the Crown, arid of Grounds or Buildings appertaining to or anciently held with any Castle or strong Building now or lately used fora Common Gaol, or with any Building used for holding the Affixes or Sessions in any County or District, or for a Court House or Gaoler's House, or in which the Magistrates of any County or Diilri<ft may claim to have Rights from Length of Use or Enjoyment for the publick Purposes of such County or District, and of Tythes belonging to the Crown issuing out of Lands which are the Property of Individuals, and of Mills, Fisheries, and Ferries, and Mooring Chains and Waites belonging to the Crown, the Possession of which haB been usurped or encroached upon, for the best Prices or Considerations in Money which the said Surveyor General shall be able to procure for the fame, and the Purchase Money to be paid for the same shall from Time to Time be paid into the Bank of England to the Account of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, in like Manner as the Monies ariting from the Sides of Land Revenue authorized by the said recited Acts of the Thirty-eighth and Forty-second Years of His present Majesty are directed to be paid; and all Sales made under this Act of the Property herein-before described,

iiudl

Redemption Art* Ui* G. 3» c. 60.

42 G. a. c. 116

§ 1 <3 1 ,

nn powered to fell Manors,

Quit Knits and certain Rights of the ( rown vmder RccuUt itus ot* recited Act*.

Application if the Fui\ iuie Money.

A.D. 180B.

Produce of SiiUs of Duchy and Drown Bands. {s. c. iTia.ll he imellrd in d per (. <*»t. Stork applicables Stock under Land l ax Redemption Acts, JS and 4 2 G. 3.

Surveyor

icneral nn-po»vere<t to

contract for the the EniVanchife-inent of Copyholds, and Sale of Manerial Ri-lws belonging to Manors of ilie Crown,

tinder Regu-

ialions ot Act

234 G. 3. c. 75, |u, &c. and this ActL

Con fen t of the

Treasury

required.

Produce of such Knlraneiiife-luents,S. c. shall be invelled in T hree per Cents, as under 34 G. 3. r. 7 j. §16. and a separate Account kept.

C. 73. 48° GEORGII III.

shall be made in the same Manner and Form, and under the like Rules, Regulations, and Provision?, and ftn2 be to all Intents and Purposes as valid and eflVclual as if the lame had becvi made under the said recited Acts of the Thirty-eighth and Forty-second Years of His present Majesty, or either of them.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Chancellor and Council of the said Duchy, and the said Surveyor General to order and direct that the Pmchr.fc Monies which lh.nl hereafter arise by Sales to be made of Property belonging to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, within the ordering and Survey aforesaid, under the said recited Acts of the Thirty-eighth and Forty-keond Wan of His present Majesty, or under this Act (excepting only as far as it relates to Enfranchisements of Copyholds and Sales of Manerial Rights respectively), and which shall be paid into the Bank of England under the Directions of any of the Three lait-mentior.ed Acts, shall be laid out in the Purchase either of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, or Three Pounds^; Centum Reduced Annuities, in the Names of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or in the Name of the Duchy of Laiicajhr, in like Manner in all Respects as is prescribed in the said recited Acts of the Thirty-eighth and Forty-second Years of His present Majesty, with relation to Purchases of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities und«.r tlioic recited Acts respectively, and the Capital Stock purchased under the Provisions of this Act, whether Three per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, or Three per Centum Reduced Annuities, and the Interest or Dividends arising therefrom, Audi be subject to be disposed of and applied in the same Manner, to the fa; ne Purposes, and under the same Rules, Regulations, and Provisions, as are prescribed in the said recited Acts of the Thirty-eighth and Forty-second Years of His present Majesty, with respect to Stock purchased by Sales of any of the said Land Revenues authorized by the said last-mentioned Acts, and with vclped to the Dividends and yearly Intereil arising therefrom.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Surveyor General for the Time being, to contraCT and agree with any Pe>so: i or Perfor.s, or Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, being Tenant or Tenants of any Copyhold or Cuilomary Tenements, Parcel of or holden of any Manor belonging to the Crown, within the Survey or Receipt of the Exchequer in England, for the Enfranchisement of any such Copyhold Tenements, or with any Person or Persons (though not such Tenants of any Inch Copyhold Tenements) for the Sale of the Manerial Rights belonging to the Crown therein, at or for the Lull Prices or Confederations in Money which the said Surveyor General shall or may be able to procure for the fame, and which shall be approved of by the Lord High Treasuror or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, and the Tenements so agreed to be enfranchised, or upon which the Manerial Rights shall have been so contracted for, and the Consideration to be paid for the same, shall be specified in a Certificate to he granted for that Purpose, and the Consideration Monies so to be paid shall be accepted, and Receipt given for the fame, and the said Certificate and Receipt shall be enrolled, and the Enrolment thereof flmII be attellcdin the fame Form and Manner, and under the same Rules, Regulations, and Provisions respectively (except where it is otherwise provided by this Ati) as are contained in the said recited Act of the Thirty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, with relation to the Conveyance of Fee Farm Rents to the Purchasers thereof under that Ad; and such Certificate and Receipt shall also, in the Court Rolls of the Manor under which the Tenement to which the fame relates is holden, be enrolled by the Steward of such Manor or his lawful Deputy, who is hereby required forthwith to enrol such Certificate and Receipt upon the Production thereof to him, and having enrolled the said Certificate and Receipt as aforesaid, shall at tell the fame under his Hand, and return the said Certificate and Receipt to the Purchaser or Purchasers; and from and immediately after such Enrolments, and thenceforth for ever, the respective Copyhold Tenements included in any such Certificate, relating to the Enfranchise-rr.ent thereof, shall be enfranchised, and the Tenants thereof respectivvly shall hold the fame freed and discharged of and from all Claims and Demands which can or may be made by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or by any Person or Persons lawfully claiming by, from, or under them, as Lords of the Manor to which such Tenements before the Enfranchisement thereof belonged, and as fully and amply to all Intents and Purposes ns His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, might or could have held or enjoyed the fame; and from and immediately after such Enrolments and thenceforth for ever, the respective Purchases of any Manerial Rights mentioned in any such Certificate, relating to the Purchase thereof, and their Heirs and Assigns, fln'.I by force of this Act be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be in the actual Seisin and Posseflhvi of the Manorial Rights so by them respectively purchased, and shall hold and enjoy the fame peaceably and quietly, freed and discharged from all Claims and Demands of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, or any Person claiming under him or them, as hilly and amply to all Intents and Purposes as His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, might or could have held or enjoyed the fame if such Sale had not taken place.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no such Contract shall be made unlofs by special Warrant, to be issued for that Purpose by the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, or any Three of them.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Purchase Money or Consideration to be paid for even' such Enfranchisement or Purchase of Manerial Rights, shall from Time to Time be paid into the Bank of England, to the Account of the Lord High Treasurer of England, for the Enfranchisement of Copyholds of Crown Manors, and shall be laid out in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, in the Name of the Lord High Treasurer, by order of the said Surveyor General (who is for that Purpose hereby authorized to make Drafts on the Bank for the fame) in like Manner as is directed by the said recited Act passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty intituled, yin sld fur the better Management of the J and Revenue of the Crown, and for the Sale of Fee Farm and other untnpnjv.uhle hints \ but nevertheless in such Manner that the Accounts may be kept separate and diilintt from the Accounts of the Sales made and Stock purchased in pursuance of the said Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That whenever the said Surveyor General Hull have conractei with any

Perioa

A.D. 1808.

48° GEORGII III. C. 73. 429

Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, for the Enfranchisement of any such Tenements or other Hereditaments, or Sale of the Manerial Rights therein, the said Surveyor General shall grant to the respective Purchaser or Purchasers a Certificate under his Hand, specifying the Premises so agreed to be enfranchised or fold, and the Amount of the Purchase Money to be paid for the same, and which is hereby required to be paid within Thirty Days from the Date of such Certificate, and the Cashiers of the Bank, or One of them, shall, upon the Production of such Certificate, accept and receive the Purchase Monies therein specified, and at the Foot or on the Back of such Certificate acknowledge the Receipt of the fame, without Fee or Reward; which Certificates and Receipts shall be in the Form of Words following, or as near thereto as may be; (that is to say)

4 By the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Land Revenue:

rnpHESE are to certify, That the said Surveyor General hath contracted and agreed on Behalf of the 4 L King's most Excellent Majesty, with of for the [Enfranchisement of] or [wSale of the Manerial Rights belonging to the Crown, in and upon j the«Copyhold or Customary Tenements herein after mentioned, holden by the said

by Copy of Court Roll of His Majesty's Manor of in the County of (that is to say) All that [here insert the Description of the

i Premises] at or for the Price or Sum of to he paid by the said

«into the Bank of England, and carried to the Account of the Lord High Treasurer of England for Enfranchisement of Copyholds* of Crown Manors [where there is a fnhfjling J^case of the Manor to insert] subject

nevertheless [reciting the Lease] and from and immediately after Payment of the said Sum in Manner aforesaid, t and the Enrolment of this Certificate, and the Receipt for the said Sum in the Office of the Auditor of His Majesty's Land Revenue for the County aforesaid, and in the Court Rolls of the said Manor, and thenceforth

i forever the said and his Heirs and Alligns, shall hold and enjoy the said

t [Premises as Freehold in Fee and Common Socage, freed and discharged of and from all Fines, Heriots,

Reliefs, Quit-Rents, and other Customary Dues and Payments, Suits and Services whatsoever] or [Manerial«Rights, in as full and ample a Manner to all Intents and Purposes as His Majesty. His Heirs and Successors,

could or might have held and enjoyed the fame] by virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Forty -eighth t Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act [here insert ihcTitlc of this AilJ.

Given under the Hand of the said Surveyor General, this Day of

1 Witness to the signing by the said Surveyor General,

Crrtifiratr (1>uU b<? given by Surveyor General to Purchasers, &c. on Production w hereof, an-i Payment of the Money, U«tuk shall give Receipts.

Form of Certificate.

4 TJ ECEIVED the Day of of and from the Form cA

4 lX above-named the Sum of of lawful Money of ^, CCIPV

Great Britain, being the Consideration Money expressed in the above written Certificate* Witness my J ne n 4 Hand

For the Governor and Company of the Bank of England.

Cashier.

Such Certificate

and Prv.-ipt (will) Pr-ript Mump thereon) a futSricnt Conveyance.

Proviso rn of J (i. s. c. 7 V. rvfrutkd to this Act.

Which Certificates and Receipts shall not be charged or chargeable with any other Stamp Duty than such as is by Law required for the Receipts for the respective Sums therein expressed to be paid as the Consideration for such Enfranehisements, or for such Manerial Rights; and such Certificates and Receipts shall be good,

Efficient, valid and cftedual in the Law for conveying and alluring the several Messuages, Tenements, and Hereditaments therein respectively to be comprized, enfranchised, and discharged, and the said Manerial Rights therein specified, unto and to the Use of the several and respective Persons therein to be named, and their Heirs and Assigns for ever.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and Things contained in the said recited Act of the Thirty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, and in force before the passing of this Act, with respect to the Sales of Fee Farm Rents, and the Certificates and Receipts relating thereto, authorized by that Act, shall be in force and be applied as far as the fame arc applicable, and are not altered by this Act with relation to the Enfranchisement of Copyholds, and Sales of Manerial Rights, and to the Certificates and Receipts concerning the same, authorized by this Act.

XVIII. 4 And whereas great Uncertainty prevails as to what Stamp Duties ought by Law to he imposed upon Contracts for the Sale of Fee Farm Rents under an Act made in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners to inquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, 00 G. 3. c. 97. 4 Forfs, and Land Revenues belonging to the Crown, and to Jill or alienate Fee Farm and other u turn proveal le

Rents; and under another Act made in the Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to to G. J. c. jo

continue and amend an Act made in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled. An

4 /t3 for appointing Commissioners to inquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forejfs, and Land

Revenues belonging to the Crown, and to fell or alienate Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents, and under 3f q 3 c. 75. 4 the said recited Act of the Thirty-fourth Year aforesaid, and also upon Leases granted by the Crown under

the said recited Act of the Thirty-fourth Year aforesaid, to the great Grievance and Hardship of Purchasers

of such Fee Farm Rents and Lessees of the Crown respectively; Be it enacted, That no Contracts made N\> former

under any of the said recited Acts of the Twenty-sixth, Thirtieth, or Thirty-fourth Years of His present ComraeU and Majesty, for the Sale of Fee Farm Rents, nor any Leases made under the Great Seal or Seal of the Exchequer, lin<J* r

of any Lands or other Hereditaments belonging to the Crown, within the ordering and Survey of the Exchequer, ^Ts^la^ irice the said recited Act of the Thirty-fourth Year aforesaid, shall be null and void on account of the fame w v"'

i* Geo. III. 3 K respectively '

VjUU^ iC

43°

future Contra*}* «*ul Laafes shall be oxf-mpi from Stamp Duties.

a4G. 3. C. 75.§5.

Where Houfos of iurrrafofi Value ere agreed to be built on Cronn I^an'l under Lrafe, wi ll Houses thereon, new Isalt's of tile Whole may be granted for any Term under laid (except lor JUiV;

Whrrr new

BuiMinps are agreed to be erected on Duchy Lund or Crown Land for Enlargement of exiJlilui Uoufes, &c. uwier any Crown I-tafe, new 1> ales may be trranied of the Whole.

Treasury may grant and renew Leases of Property uncertain in it* Procure, for

31 Years, at their Distrction,

Power of

34<; ..i. c. 7f>. §7. to n new Lease*:

of W.iiU s,

extended to any other I-ands eompri/rd in the feme Lease.

34G, «3, C*/5. §3,

C. 73. 48° GEORGII III. A.D. 1808.

respectively not being duly stamped, or the Stamp Duty not having been duly paid thereon respectively, and that no Contract which shall be hereafter made for the Enfranchiscment of any Copyhold, or for the Sale of any Manorial Rights under this Act, or the Sale of any Fee Farm Rents or other Hereditaments belonging to the Crown, within the ordering and Survey of the Exchequer aforesaid, nor any Lease or Grant which shall be made pursuant to the Regulations of this Act or of the said Act of the Thirty-fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, which shall be hereafter made of any Lands or other Hereditaments belonging to the Crown, within the ordering and Survey kill aforesaid, shall be subject to any Stamp Duty whatever.

XIX.*And whereas by the said recited Act of the Thirty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, it is amongst other Things enacted, That it shall not be lawful to renew any Grant or Lease of any Tenements or

Hereditaments authorized by the said Act to be granted for any Term not exceeding Ninety-nine Years, until within Twenty Years of the Period of the Expiration of the fame, except in certain Cases therein specified:

And whereas it is expedient that a Power of Renewal should be allowed in other Cases not specified in the said Exception be it therefore enacted, That where any House or other Building shall require or shall hr intended and agreed to be rebuilt, or any new House or other Building to be erected upon any Land or Grouiid belonging to the Crown, within the ordering and Survey aforesaid, held under a Lealc from the Crown, upon which other Houses or Buildings included in the fame Lease are (landing, if the Lefiee or Grantee (LH covenant and agree to build a new House or Budding, or to rebuild a House or Building of stich Value as to iitcrcafe the Value of the whole Property included in such Lease, it shall be lawful at any Time or Times hereafter to grant any further or other Lcaie of all such Land or Ground, with the Houses and Buildings thereupon, as were included in the former Lease, for any Term or Ellate (except for Life or Lives] i.ul exceeding the Terms and Estates authorized by the said recited Act of the Thirty-fourth Year aforesaid, to be granted; provided that in every such Lease there be referred and made payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Succedors, such Rent as is by the said last mentioned Act or this Act required to be referred, and that Covenants or Conditions be inserted therein on the Part of the respective Grantees or Lessees for erecting fwA new Houses or Buildings, or rebuilding such Iloiifcs or Buildings, within a reasonable Time, to be in such Case limited and appointed for that Purpose, and that such respective Improvements shall be of the requiGte Value.

XX. And be it further enacted, That where any new Edifice or Building shall be erected or agreed to be erected on Ground belonging to the Crown, within the ordering and Survey of the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of LancaJ}ery or of the said Surveyor General aforesaid, or held under any Lease from the Crown, for the Enlargement of, and to be united to and occupied with any House or other Building held under any other Lease from the Crown, it shall be lawful to grant a new Lease or Leases for any Term Rot exceeding Ninety-nine Years, as well of the Ground on which such new Edifice or Building shall be eroded or agreed to be credled, asof all or any Part of any other Tenements or Hereditaments contained in such Leases; provided, that the greater Part of the yearly Value of the Tenements and Hereditaments so to be granted shall coniiil of the Buildings thereon, or of Ground set apart and appropriated for building, or for necessary Gardens, Yards, Curtilages, or other Appurtenances as aforesaid.

XXL 4 And whereas the Restrictions contained in the said recited Act of the Thirty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, as it now (lands, may be found inconvenient in respect to the granting of Leases of some Kinds of Property now held under Lease from the Crown, and which are of a fluctuating and uncerx.i 4 Value be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to graat and renew Leases of the Profits of Agillment of Forests difidforcfted, the Profits of Prce and Post Fines arilry within the Principality of IVaUs and County Palatine of Chester, those of Lighthouses oa Beacons, and of Chains for mooring Ships, Tolls, Markets and Fairs, Tythes, Fisheries, Ferries, and other Articles of uncertain Produce, for such Term of Years rot exceeding Thirty-one Years, and for such Fine or Fines, and under such Rent or other Reservations and Conditions as they shall from Time to Time think reafoaableai.il expedient.

XXII. 4 And whereas in the said recited Act of the Thirty-fourth Year of His present Majesty it \ns

enacted and declared, That where any Wades, Commons, or other uninclosed Lands or Grounds within the ordering and Survey aforesaid, in which His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors has or shall have any Intered,

shall be deemed fit and proper to be divided, inclosed, drained, or otherviie improved, and shall be by

Authority of Parliament or otherwise authorized and dire died to be divided and iucloied, and where the l\na 4 or Eftute in Possession of and in the lame respectively shall be deemed by the Lord High 7Yeafurer or

Commissioners of the Treasury to be insufficient to defray the Coils and Charges cf such Works and

Improvements, with reasonable Profit and Advantage to the Parties making or causing the same to be made,

4 or to their Representatives or AlTigns, in all and every such Case and Cases it shall be lawful to renew any such Lease, or to grant any further or other Lease of any such Lands or Grounds, or any Part thereoi,

for any Term or Ellate not exceeding the Terms or E(bates authorized to be granted of Lands, Tenements,

4 or Hereditaments of such or the like Descriptions, by the Ad: of the First Year of Oueen Annt therein mentioned, or by the said recited Act of the Thirty-fourth Year of His present Majesty aforesaid: And whereas it is expedient that such Power of Renewal Should be extended to any other Lands compnfed in the fame Lease with such Wailes or other uninclosed Lands; be it therefore further enacted, That whenever any Lea(e shall be renewed under the said recited Provision, with respect to any such Wailes, Commons, or ether uninclosed Lands or Grounds, it ihal) be lawful to renew the fame in like Manner and upon the fame Terms vxh respect to any other Lands or Grounds comprized in the fame Lease, with such Wades, Commons, or uninclosed Lands or Grounds.

XXIII. 4 And whereas by the said recited Act of the Thirty-fourth Year aforesaid, certain Rules arc hd down for the Reserv;

ion of Rent, in Cases where there are lubltantial Buildings upon Ground to De Uvmtica,

1

i

A.D. 1808.

431

48° GEORGII III. C. 73.

4 or the Buildings thereupon shall not require or be intended or agreed to he rebuilt, and also in Cases where*there are no substantial Buildings upon the Grounds to be demised, or the Buildings thereupon require, or shall be intended and agreed to be rebuilt, or other new Buildings erected upon such Land or Ground; but Trwfnry shill no Rule is laid down for Cases where upon the Ground to be derr.iftd there is fume substantial Building not af<rmin Kent,

required or intended or agreed to be rebuilt, and either iorne other Building required or intended or agreed to j to

4 be rebuilt, or Come new Building is proposed to be erected thereon; be it therefore enacted, That in all r<.i, r.Ut , T newly Cases where upon the Ground to be demised there is some substantial Building not required or intended or crewed on agreed to he rebuilt, and either some other Building thereon requiring or intend : d or agreed to be rebuilt, or dnnifed Land, iomc new Building is intended or agreed to be erected then on, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer 'here.!*re or Commissioners of the Treasury to direct what Rent shall be referred and paid annually, and whether any iad what Fine shall be taken upon such Demise, regard being had to the Value of the Buildings on the Ground to be demised not intended to be rebuilt, and the Proportion it bears to the Value of the whole Property intended to he demised.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord High Tn?.furor or Commissioners of the Treasury, when they shall be of Opinion that the Solidity and Value of any old House or Houses to be doubled not required or intended to be rebuilt, is such as to be lufficent Security for the due Payment of the whole Annual Sum deemed by them to he a reasonable Consideration for tuch Building or Buildings and Ground held therewith respectively, for the Tenn and Estate to be granted by and in the lame, to direct that the Whole of such Consideration shall be rderved and taken in Rent only, without taking any Fine for the same.

XXV. 4 And whereas it is necessary to ve(t a discretionary Power in the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, to determine the Rent upon Leases of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments belonging to the Crown, within the ordering and Survey aforesaid, in certain Cases not provided for by Law; be it therefore enacted, That for and in reipeCi of any Lease or Grant under the Great Seal, or the Seal of the Exchequer, of any Houses or other Buildings which shall be certified by Surveyors not to require rebuilding, and which shall be of greater yearly Value than the Ground on which they are built, but which a Lessee may dr fire to pull down in order to erect other Houses or Buildings of greater Value for his own Accommodation or Advantage, of Houses or other Buildings which may have been damaged or destroyed by Fire, or Ground on which such Buildings have been erected, and also Houses or other Buildings which shall be only in part rebuilt, or to which new Buildings shall be added, and also of Ground to be granted as Gardens, Yards, or Curtilages to Houses already erected or to be ereHed, whether on Ground belonging to His Majesty, or to any other Proprietor, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury at their Discretiou, to admit of the Consideration being paid, either in Rent only or in Re-t and Fine; provided always, that where a Fine shall be taken it shall not exceed the Proportion of One Third Part of the net annual Value of the Premises, in respect of which the same shall be paid, nor be computed at a higher Rate than the highest legal Intcreih

XXVL. 4 And whereas the most usual Mode of Reservation in Leases of Mines, Collieries, Quarries, and other Mineral and Fotfil Subitances, and that which is belt adapted to this Kind of Property, is a certain Share of the Ore or other Produce in Kind, or a Rent or Duty in Money payable on tive Quantity raiied be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful in Leases under the Great Seal, or the Seal of the Exchequer, of Mines, Collieries, Quarries, and other Mineral and Fulfil Subitances belonging to His Majesty, within the ordering and Survey aforesaid, in Head of any other annual Rent, to receive such Share of the Produce in Kind, or such Rent or Duty upon the Quantity or Value of such Produce, as the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, shall think proper.

XXVII.*And whereas His Majesty, in Right of Hia Crown, is Owner of the Soil of the Great Forest of Brecknock in the County of Brecknock, and oi the Mines, Minerals, and other Substances within and under the fame, and is also entitled to the Herbage thereof, subjctfl to the Depasturage of Cattle of Occupiers of certain Lands within and adjacent to the said Forest, at annual, fixed, and customary Payments: And whereas by reason of such Depasturage of Cattle, and the Nature and Extent of the said Forest, and of the Soil, the Rights and Interests of His Majesty therein cannot be made productive in their present State, and it is therefore expedient that Power should be given to dispose of the fame be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Surveyor General for the Time being, to contract and agree with any Person or Persons, or any Bodies Politick or Corporate, for the Sale of the Soil, Mines, or other Minerals, or other Substances or Herhage, or any other Rights or Interests of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in the hid Forest or any Part thereof, or in any Manner appertaining thereto or existing within the same, within the ordering and Survey aforesaid, at or for the bell Prices or Confederations in Money which the said Surveyor General shall be able to procure for the fame, and which shall be approved of by the Lord High Treasurer or CunmilTioners of the Treasury for the Time being; and the Purchase Monies to be paid for the same shall from Time to Time be paid into the Bank of England to the fame Account, and shall be invested in the Purchase of Stock of the fame Denominations, and the Stock so purchased, and the Interest and yearly Dividend arising therefrom, shall be applied in the same Manner, and subject to the fame Regulations as are herein-before prescribrd with respeirt to the Purchase Monies arising from the Sales of Crown Lands herein-before authorized; and such Sales of any such Rights and Interests in the said Forest shall be made in the same Manner and under the fame Regulations, and the Certificates and Receipts to be given shall be in the fame Form mutatis mutandis as are herein-before directed with respect to the Sales of Crown Lands; and from and immediately after the Enrolment of the said Certificate and Receipt in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue; and thenceforth for ever the respective Purchasers, their Heirs, Successors, and Afligus, shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be in the actual Seilm and Pofilflion of the Premises so by them respectively purchased, and shall hold

3 K % the

Trrufury may relVrve Rent only, with jut Fine, where M 1 mediums we substantial.

Pilnrcfirmar^ Power in Treasury to ascertain (Vmf deration either in Rent only, or partly in Rent and partly in Fine, in cenaiu Cafw.

Fn Jjcafe of Mines, Sir. Treasury mav rrf/Tve as Rvnt a Fart of the Produce, or a Duty upon the Value thereof.

Rights and Interests of the Crown; n the For el I ol Brecknock may be sold by Surveyor General with Approbation of the Treasury, under the Regulation of this Act as to Sale of Crown Isolds,

C-73-

48° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1808.

Cfcanrrlkr, &c. of Dif. by, and Survrv r General with Cotjfmt of ihfj lit iifury, empo'vi-reil to exchange Lands «f the Crown for I, an<ls of Individuals.

Trrar«try, f-c. nuv f?av or acvejrt .Money

for equalizing Exchange*

A[ partition of JVJomy rev civ td.

OR G. .1. c. Co. A2 G. 3. c. 11C.

Form of

Convcvances of La mis exchanged.

from the Crown.

the fame peaceably and quietly, freed and discharged of and from all Claims and Demands which can or may

be made by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or by any Person or Persons lawfully claiming by Him or under Him or them, and of and from all Manner of Incumbrances whatsoever, as fully and amply to all Intents and Purposes as His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, might or could have held or enjoyed the same.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall appear to the said Chancellor and Council of the said Duchy, or to the said Surveyor General, that it would be for the Advantage of the Land Revenue of the Crown to exchange any Parcel or Parcels of Land belonging to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for any other Parcel or Parcels of Land of equal or nearly equal Value, belonging to any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, and such other Person or Persons or Bodies shall consent to such Exchange, it fh; : ll be lawful for the Surveyor General of the said Duchy and the said Surveyor General to cause the Value as well of the said Parcel or Parcels of Land belonging to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, as of the said Parcel or Parcels of Land proposed to be exchanged for such Land of His Majesty, to be ascertained by some able and practical Surveyor of Land, who shall annex to his Survey, Estimate, or Valuation thereof, when completed, an Oath (or being of the People called Qualersy an Affirmation) taken and subscribed by him before any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate of the United Kingdom, who is respectively hereby authorized to administer an Oath or Affirmation in that Behalf, the Tenor whereof shall be as follows; that is to say,

4 r A. fi. do swear [or, being a Quaker, do solemnly affirm] That the Survey or Account hereto annexed, 4*was faithfully and impartially made by me; that the Value of the Property of the Crown, and of CM).

therein contained, is justly estimated therein, according to the bell of my Skill and Judgment; and that all the Particulars Hated in the said Survey or Account are true to the best of my Knowledge and Belief/

Which Oath and Affirmation so taken and subscribed, shall be* filed with the Survey and Estimate in the Office of the said Surveyor General, or of the Clerl: of the Coun cil of the said Duchy, and the said Surveyor General shall report to the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the said Surveyor General of the said Duchy shall report to the Chancellor and Council of the said Duchy the Grounds of his Recommendation of the proposed Exchange, together with the said Valuation of the respective Parcels of Laud; and if the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Chancellor and Council of the said Duchy, shall, upon due Consideration had, approve of such Exchange taking place, they shall authorize the said Surveyor General, or the proper Officers of the said Duchy, to carry the fame into effect, upon such Terms and Conditions as they shall think lit, provided the same shall be assented to by the Person or Person?, or Body with whom such Exchange is proposed to be made; and the said Chancellor and Council, and the said Surveyor General shall thereupon cause the said Parcel or Parcels of La id belonging to His Majesty, to be conveyed to the said Person or Persons, or Bodies respectively with whom the said Exchange is proposed to be made, and such Person or Persons, or Body, shall at the same Time convey to the said Chancellor or Council, or to the said Surveyor General, in Trull for and on the Behalf of His said Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in Right of His Crown, or in Right of His Duchy, the said Parcel or Parcels of Land so agreed to be given in Exchange for such Parcel or Parcels of Crown Land as aforesaid; and from and immediately after the Completion of such Exchange, the said Parcels of Land so belonging to His Majesty, and given in Exchange as aforesaid, shall vest in the Person or Persons, or Body, to whom the fame is conveyed, for the fame Eft ate or Interest, and as fully and efte&ually as the said Parcels of Land so given in Exchange did before such Exchange; and the said Parcels of Land so conveyed in Exchange to His Majesty, shall vest in His Majdlv, H is Heirs and Successors, in Right of His Crown, or in Right of His Duchy, as fully and effectually, aid be subject to the fame Application as the said Parcels of Land so conveyed in Exchange to such Person or Persons, or Body, was vested in him before such Exchange.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Chancellor of the Lid Duchy, if they shall think fit, to di reel the Payment or Acceptance on Behalf of His Majesty of such Sum of Money, for equalizing any such Exchange, as shall be agreed upun between the said Chancellor and Council, or the said Surveyor General and the said Person or Persons or Bodies with whom such Exchange is proposed to bt made, and where any such Money is to be paid to any such Person or Per 011s or Body for such Purpose, such Monty shall be paid out of the Land Revenue of the Crown, or out of the Revenues of the said Duchy; and where any Money shall be paid to His Majesty for equalizing such Exchange, the fame, if it shall amount to the Sum of Fifty Pounds, shall be vested in the Three Pou».ds/zr Ctnium Consolichted Bank Annuities, in the Name of the Lord High Treasurer, and the Dividends thereof shall be applicable as Land Revenue; and if it shall not amount to the Sum of Fifty Pounds, the same shall be appropriated as Land Revenue under the Direction of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury; cr in case of the Money bring paid to His Majesty in Right of His said Duchy, the same shall be placed in Three pft Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities in the Name of the Duchy of l.ancajhr, according to the Directions of the said recited A his of the Thirty-eighth and Forty-second Years of His present Majesty,

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to the Chancellor and Council of the said Duchy, or to the said Surveyor General for the Time being, to act for and on Behalf of His Majesty, as well in making as accepting the Conveyances of Parcels of Land so intended to be exchanged as aforesaid; and the Conveyance of the Land within the ordering and Survey of the Exchequer aforesaid, so proposed to be given in Exchange by His said Majesty, may be in the Following Form, or as near thereto as may be; (that is to say),

4 'jT IFSE are to witnef?, That in Consideration of the Conveyance of certain Lands [(hferibing them] to His said Majesty, in Right of His Crown, from C. 2). [and also in consideration of the bum of paid by the said C.D. for Equality of Exchange to the Surveyor General

' of the Land Revenue of the Crown] the said Surveyor General for and on Behalf of His Majesty, doth by

4 j*thcle

A.D. 1808.

48° GEORGII III. C. 75, 74. 433

thcfc Prefects grant, bargain, and fell unto the fail! C./). his Heirs and Assigns, All [dfrribe the Pares!*

4 of Land, &c. fold J To have and to hold the said [Parcels, &c.J hereby bargained and fold, and all Benefit and Advantage thereto belonging, unto and to the Use of the said C. J). his Heirs and Assigns, for ever.

4 In Witness whereof the fame Surveyor General hath hereunto let his Hand and Seal, this Day of i; i the Year of our Lord

Witness to the Execution by the said Surveyor General .*

And the Conveyance to His Majesty of such Lands as are proposed to be taken in Exchange for such Crown Lands, may be in the following Form, or as near thereto as may be; (that is to say),

Conveyance by the Person with whom the Exchange is proposed to be made: p

of ( orivevanre

Surveyor General of the I.and from the Party, Revenue of the Crown, for and 0.1 behalf of His M-.j-ily, of a certain Pa cel of Land [dtj'cri: iny it] and also of the Sum of paid to him by the said Surveyor General on Behalf of His said

Majesty, for Equality of Exchange [if the Case be fa] Doth by theie Presents grant, bargain, and fell unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, all that Parcel of Land [deferibin* it] To have and to hold the same to His said Majesty, His Heirs and Successiors, in Eight of His Crown. In Witness whereof the said C- U. hath hereunto set his Hand and Seal, this Day of in the Year of our

Lord

Witness to the Execution of the said C.D. J

And such instruments respectively dual not bc liable to any Stamp Duty.

4t A cl may be altered or repealed this Session. §31

CAP. LXXIV.

4 'pHES E are to witness, That C.D. of in the County

in con Adoration of the Conveya ice to him the Lid C.D. from the

An Act for the better Collection of the Duties on Malt made in Great Britain* [18th June 1808.]

WHEREAS the Regulations by Law established for feettring the Duties payable on Malt made in Great Britainhavc been found iniullicient to answer the good Purposes thereby intended, and it is therefore become necessary to make further Regulations for the better Collection of the said Duties; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Maiedy, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this pivfeut Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every Maltster and Maltsters, or Maker or Makers of Malt in Great Britain, shall within Ten Days after the FLh of Day of July in each Year, give or deliver to the proper Officer of Excise under whose Survey such Maltster or Maltders, or Maker or Makers of Malt shall then be, a true and particular Account in Writing of all Barley not at the Time of such Delivery made into Malt, or in actual Operation for being made into Malt, which any such Malt iter or Malt tiers, or Maker or Makers of Malt shall have in his, her, or their Custody or Puff (lion, or which shall then be in the Custody or Possessim of any Person or Persons in trust for such MnltiLr or Makllers, or Maker or Makers of Malt, or for his, her, or their Use; and all and every such MuIiILt and Maltfers, or Maker or Makers of Malt, shall in every such Account set forth and describe every particular Warehouse, Storehouse, Loft, Room, Granary, or other Place in which any such Bailey full be lodged, (lured, or deposited, and the Number of Bushels of such Barley contained in each such \V archouse, Storehouse, Loft, Room. Granary, or other Place; and shall, if required by such Officer so to do, shew to such Officer every such Warehouse, Storehouse, Loft, Room, Granary, or other Place, and all Inch Barley as aforesaid therein; and if any Maltster or Maltsters, or Maker or Makers of Malt, shall neglect or refuL to give or deliver such Account as aforesaid, or shall give or d 'liver to any such Officer a Life or untrue Account as or ior inch true a .d particular Account as aforesaid, or shall neglect or ref use so to Lew to any such Officer as aicrcsaid any inch Warehouse, Storehoute, Loft, Room, Granary, or other Place, or any such Barky as atoreln'd therein, the M.kibror MTiders, or Maker or M tkerj of Malt, so offending, shall for each aid every such 0 .Teuco fork it and loie the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

II. A ul hi- it further enacted, That whenever any Maltster or Maker of Malt fTia.il have fn.ifhvd or dried off all ihe Malt which fhailbe or shall have been in Operation in any particular M dthouic of such MaitiUrcr* Maker ct Malt, such Maltster ur Maker of Malt shall by the Space ot Twenty-tour Hours at the leaf I before he, (!.*, or they (had begin to wet or Beep any Corn or Grain for the Pnrpoie of making the same into Miiit, give, or deliver to the proper Officer of Excise, under whole Survey such Maltster or Maker of Malt fhvl then be, a true and particular Account in Writing of all the Bariev which such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall at the Time of such Delivery have in Ids, her, c»r their Custody or Po'session, or which shall then bc in the Custody or lk>f-kffiioa of any Person or Persons whatsoever, in trull for such Maltster or Maker of Malt, or for i is, her, or their Use; and every such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall in every such Account set forth and describe every particular V» archnuie, Storehouse, Loit, Room, Granary, or othm- Place in which any such Barley shall he lodged, (loved, or deposited, and the Number of Bulbuls of such Barley contained in each such Warehouse, Storehouse, Loft, Room, Granary, or other Place; and if any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall neglect or refuse to give or deliver such Account, or shall give or deliver to such Officer as and for such true and particular Account aslall aforesaid a Life or untrue Account, every Maltster or Maker of Malt so offending shall for each and every such Offence forfeit andlofe the Sum of Fifty Pounds: Provided always nevertheless, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be conllrued to extend to any Barley while the same shall remain in the Straw unthrclhcd, provided that the Maltster or Maker of Malt, who shall be possessed thereof, shall enter in such Book as

is

Maltflrr shall annually atVr .nil-July rlt liver to O.fcer an Account of hi* Stock of Barleys*

Penalty tool.

Mddh r shall lirlicer a hi*'

A'-count before hr in dies to

U'irk';

Penally 50l.

Except not tlirofl.cvl, 6'tv $ 4.

A.D. 1808.

Barley declared an in Stock shall he entered in a Bix>k to be kept by Mahftm. Penalty .r)0l.

Entrie* shall be

>rade by Malt Her in such Lkx)k of all Barley received;

and of nl! Barley fte/*pcd,

and of all Barley fold or removed.

Penalty for aegleft 1 OOl.

Exception as to

unthreshed

Barley.

Officers may inlpcet Books.

Barley or Malt lodged in different Premises may be kept by Officers as ddlm& Stocks.

Barley shall be laid even, to enable Officer to qaugt* the same.

Excvfs /'above five per Cent.) on rafting up and balancin' Stock shall be considered as not entered.

Penalty for not laying Barley even, tool.

C. 74. 48° GEORGII IH.

is herein after mentioned the Grain arising from the threffiing, and which shall be carried or removed from or out of the Barn or Place in which the same shall be threshed or separated from the Straw (except to the House, Place, or Premises of some Person to whom the same shall be sold or disposed of) as Barley brought in or received by such Maltster or Maker of Malt.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maltster or Maker of Milt shall keep a Book, to be delivered to him, her, or them, by the proper Officer of Excise, which Book shall be prepared with proper and distin£t Columns for entering Accounts of all the Barley taken or received by or into the Custody or PosseiFioa of such MaltRer or Maker of Malt; and all and every Inch Maltster or Maker of Malt shall enter or causeto be entered in such Book the total or aggregate Quantity of Barley contained in the particular Accounts directed or required by this Act to be given or delivered to the proper Officer of Excise, on the Day on which any such Account shall be respectively so given or delivered to such Officer, on pain of forfeiting for every Neglect or Refusal to enter any such Account of any such Barley as aforesaid, the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every MaltRer or Maker of Malt shall on the same Day on which he, she, or they shall take or receive any Bariev into his, her, or their Custody or Possession, write and enter, or cause to be written and entered, in such Book as aforesaid, and in the proper Columns prepared for such Purposes respectively, a true and particular Account of the Number of Bushels of Bariev which he, she, or they shall take or receive into his, her, or their Custody or Possession, or which shall be taken or received into the Custody or Possession of any other Person or Persons in trull or for the Use of such Maltster or Maker of Malt, and (lrall nllo write and enter, or cause to be written and entered as aforesaid, the Christian and Surnames, and Place of Abode of the Person or Persons of whom such Barley was purchased, or from whom such Barley was received; and shall also write and enter, or cause to be written and entered as aforesaid, an Account of the Quantity of Barley in Bushels which shall at any Time be wetted or put into Steep for the Purpose of making the same into Malt, and shall also write and enter, or cause to bu written and entered as aforesaid, againstaiid uppulite to every such Quantity so wetted or put into Steep, the particular Day and Hour of the Day on and ?.t which such Barley was so wetted or put into Steep; and all and every Maltster or Maker of Malt who may have Occasion or be desirous to fell, remove, or otherwise dispose of any Barley, or Skreenings of Barley, not to be by hi mbit, herself, or themselves made into Malt, shall, and lie, flic, or they is and are hereby directed and required to write, and on the same Day in which the same shall be sold, consumed, lent out, delivered or otherwise disposed of, enter, or cause to be written and entered as aforesaid, a true and particular Account of the Number of Bufnels of all Barley, or Skreenings of Barley, fold, consumed, feut out, delivered, or otherwise disposed of by him, her, or them, in any Quantity exceeding One Bushel, and the Name and Place of Residence of the Person or Persons to whom any such Barley or Skreenings of Barley, was fold, sent, or delivered; and fty.ill every Day write and enter, or cause to be written and entered, as aforesaid, an Account of the gross Quantity of Barley which shall be so fold, sent out, delivered, or disposed of in the preceding Day, in Quantities not exceeding One Bushel, not for the Purpose of being by himself, herself, or themselves, made into Malt; and if any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall neglect or retufe to make, or cause to be made, any such Entry or Entries as aforesaid, all and every such Maltster and Maker of Malt so offending shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds: Provided always nevertheless, that no Maltster or Maker of Malt shall be fubied or liable to the said last-mentioned Penalty lor or by reason of his, her, or their not writing or entering the Christian or Surname, or Place of Abode of the Person or Persons from whom any Barley was purchased in the Straw unthreffied, or from whom any such Barley in the Straw unthreftied was received.

V. And be it further enacted, That all ami every such Book or Books shall at all Times be produced to and left open to the free Inspection of the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, who shall be permitted to examine and cast up, and make Copies or Extracts from the entries contained therein, and to insert the Time of such Inspecftion or Examination, and sign his or their Name or Names thereto.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall lodge, (lore, or deposit any Barley or Malt in different Warehouses, Storehouses, Lofts, Rooms, Granaries, or other Places, and which shall not be under the fame Roof, or shall be separated from each other by the Intervention of any Land, Premises, Buildings, or otherwise howsoever, the Stocks of such Barley or Malt shall or may, if the Supervisor under whose Survey such Stock or Stocks shall be, shall deem it expedient, be deemed and taken to be separated and diflindl Stocks; and the same shall and may be surveyed and kept Account of by the Officer or Officers of Excise accordingly, in the same Manner as if the fame belonged to different Persons.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maltster or Maker of Malt shall, when and so often as he, she, or they shall be thereunto required by any Officer or Officers of Excise, cast or place, or cause to be cast or placed, all the Barley in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, not in an actual State of Operation for being made into Malt, in or into such regular Form as may enable the Officer or Officers of Excise conveniently to gauge and ascertain the true Quantity thereof; and if the Quantity of Barley not in actual Operation for making into Malt shall be found to exceed the Quantity which any such Maltster or Maker of Malt might to have in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, according to the true Balance or Result drawn from calling up andadjufling such Book as aforesaid, and the Entries therein, in the Proportion of One Bushel in every Twenty Busheis of Barley, then and in every such Case every such MaltRer or Maker of Malt shall be deemed and adjudged to have received Barley into his Custody or Possession, and to have neglected or ref ifed to make, or cause to be made, such Entry in the said Book, as is by this Act in that Behalf directed and required: And if any MaltRer or Maker of Malt, having been thereunto required as aforesaid, shall neglect or rehife to call or place, or cause to be cast or placed, all or any such Barley as aforesaid in his, her, or their Custody or Pot-iession, in or into such regular Form as aforesaid, the Maltster or Maker of Malt so offending shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lole the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

3 VIII. And

A.D. 1808.

48° GEORGII III. c. 74. 43j

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer or Officers of Excite, upon gauging and taking such Account as aforesaid of the Quantity of Bailey not in actual Operation for making into Malt, in the Custody or Po He Hi on of any Maltster or Maker of Malt, shall find the Quantity short of or L*fs than the Quantity which any such Malt Iter or Maker of Malt ought to have in his, her, or their Custody or Poftlffion, according to the true Balance or Result drawn from catling up and adjusting such Book as aforesaid, and the Entries therein, in proportion of O : e Bushel in every Twenty Bushels of Barley of the Quantity of Barley received, then and in every such Case the Maltileror Maker of Malt shall be deemed and adjudged to have wetted and tleeped Barley for the Purpose of making the same into Malt, and neglected or refuted to make, or to cause to be made, such Entry in such B.oks, as is by this Act in that Behalf required; and every such M.i-fler or Maker of Malt shall in every such Case, over and above the Penalty by this Act imposed for the Neglect or Refusal to make, or cause tube made, such Entry as aforesaid, be charged with and be liable to pay the Duty chargeable for every Bulb 1 of Barley hv found deficient as aforesaid; and such Duty shall and may be filed for, levied, and recovered by such and the like Ways, Means, and Methods, and under such and the like Penalties as the Duty on Mait is or may be sued for, levied, and recovered by any Law or Laws in force relating to the Duties of Excise.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every Maltster or Maker of Malt shall, before the Officers taking any such Actou t of Barley as aforesaid, be required by the proper Officer of Excise, and be permitted to make due Entries in such Book as aforesaid, of all Barley, or Screenings of Barley, which lie, Hie, or they may have received into his, her, or their Custody or Pod c Hi on, or have wetted or put into Steep, or have otherwise disposed of in the Course of the Day i'. which such Account is propufed or intended to be taken, or of the Day preceding; and if any Dispute shall a rife between any Inch Maltster or Maker of Malt and the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, respecting the true Quantity of Barky so taken Account of as aforesaid, such Maltster or M.iker of Malt shall have the Option of and be allowed immediately and with all due Diligence and Ddpatch, to measur the fame in the Presence of such Officer or Officers of Excise by a jull and corrc£l IVmcicjhr Bushel Mcafuve of the Dimensions prescribed by Law, to be provided by such Maltileror Maker of Malt; and the Quantity ascertained by such Admealurcinent shall be taken to be the true Quantity of Barley in the Custody or Possessiou of such Maltster or Maker of Malt, any Thing in this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in arywise notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted, That it any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall purchase or receive, or shall send out Barley by any Measure other than the Winchcjhr Bushel, every such Maltster. or Maker of Malt shall in every inch Case enter, or cause to be entered, the Quantity in such Book as aforesaid, either aceoiding to the just and true Number of IVlnchcJler Bushels which such Barley will iaivly measure, or shall specify in such Book against each Quantity of Barley entered therein, the exact Measure in which he, she, or they shall enter, or cause the same to be entered; that is to say, whether the Quantity is in Bushels of Eight Gallons, Eight Gallons and a Quarter, Eight Gallons and a Half, Eight Gallons and Three-quarters, or Nino Gallons, or any and what other Measure; and in every such Case the proper Officer of Excise, on calling up, adjusting, and balancing the Stock, shall reduce the whole Quantity to IVhichejUr Bushels, any Thing in this Act to the contrary iu any wise notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any Information shall be exhibited or bid against any Maltileror Maker of Malt, for any Offence against the Laws of Excise respecting the Duties on Malt, to summon any Farmer, Maltster, or Dealer in or Seller of Barley or Malt, or other Person, and to examine such Person so ftiinmoned as aforesaid, upon oath, touching the Sale or Delivery, or the Purchase or Receipt of any Barley fold, feat out, delivered, or received by any such Farmer, Maltster, Dealer, or other Person as aforesaid, save and except as to the Price or Value of any such Barley or Malt; and if any Farmer, Maltster, or Dealer in or Seller of Barley or Malt, or other Person, shall neglect or refute to obey such Summons, or shall neglect or refuse to give Evidence when thereunto required, every such Maltster or Dealer in or Seller of Barley or Malt, or other Person, so offending, shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases of Prosecutions or Informations under this Act for the Recovery of any Duty, Fine, or Penalty, for or on Account of any Deficiency or F.xcefs in the Quantity or Stock of Barley in the Custody or Polll ffion of any Maltster or Malt Iters or Maker or Makers of Malt, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants to produce any Witucfsor Witnesses competent to prove that the Deficiency was actually and b-uui JUs can fed or occasioned by Barley having been ftolenor privately conveyed away without the Knowledge, Privity, or Consent of such Defendant or Defendants, or that such Deficiency or Exeefs respectively was eauled or occasioned by accidental or unintentional Error or Mistake in entering and keeping the Account of Barley by this Act required, without any Design, Intention or View of Fraud or Evafiun whatsoever; and in calf the Justices of the Peace, or the Court and Jury before whom any such Information shall be heard and tried, shall be fntislied by the Evidence of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, that such Deficiency or Exeefs respectively was actually and bona JiJc can ft-d or occasioned by any or either of the Causes or Circuinstances before mentioned, without any Design or Intention of Fraud or Evalion on the Part of the Defendant or Defendants, it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace or the Court and Jury before whom any such Information shall be heard and tried, to acquit the Defendant or Defendants, any Thing in thi*< Act to the contrary' in any wise notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Maltileror Maker of Malt shall wet, water, or sprinkle, or cause or suffer to be wetted, watered, or sprinkled, any Corn or Grain making into Malt, in any Statcor Stage of Operation after the same shall have been emptied, thrown, or taken from or out of the Ciflern, Uting Fat, or other Vessel or Utensil used for sleeping such Corn or Grain, for and until the full End and Expiration of Twelve Days or Two hundred and eighty-eight Hours, on Pain of forfeiting for every such Offence the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

Deficiency of Barley upon balancing Stock, shall be charged with Duty, as Malt.

Book shall be filled up before Officer's Account is taken.

Maltster may require Slock of Barley to be measured if he dilputes the Accuracy of Officer'? Gauge.

All Barley shall be entered and balanced according to Wind it: Her Bushel; any other Measure used shall be described.

Justicea may summon

Malt Her &.C., t<*

give Evidence.

Penalty on

Witness not attending, 3tc»

20l.

In cases of Deficiency or Exeefs, Evidence may be given that it was not oct-afioned by Fraud.

Penalty for writing Corn-within Twelve Days after bein£ taken from the Cdkrxk, 200k

A.D. 1808.

436

Perudty on WoiJti7U.il wetting Corn wuliin such 7 wdve Days,

' ol. or Twelve

Months'

Impriluuincut,

Appeal c'nrn to the Quart it Sessions on all Convictions relating to Malt tr Malt Duties.

F^fTions may amend Deie£ta of Conn.

No Certiorari. Seflmns shall re-hear the Case.

10 Ann. ft. 1. c. 2.

48 G. 0. c. 2.

Penalty for not xnaliin" Monthly Kntry; ir.ol. \wfjcad uf \ol. m-ider §4</

1J Ann.'l Penalty for e'oneeahu

Malt, 20 I.

toyw i.'".

per Btt/hii liitdrr $ 3*/ 22 Ann.]

C. 74. 4$° GEORGII III.

XIV. And be it further er.adet], That if any Workman, Servant, Labourer, or other Person, employed by or in the Service of any Malt Her or Maker of Malt, shall wet, water, or sprinkle any Corn or Grain makinginto Malt in any State or Stage of Operation whatever, after the same shall have been emptied, thrown, or taken from or out of the Cittern, Uting Fat, or other Vessel or Utensil used for lleeping such Corn or Grain, until the full End and Expiration of Twelve Days or Two hundred and eighty-eight Hours after the same shall have been emptied, thrown, or taken from or out of any fitch Cittern, Uting Fat, or other Vessel or Utcnfjl used for steeping such Corn or Grain as aforesaid, every such Workman, Servant, Labourer, or other Person as aforesaid so offending, shall and may be apprehended by any Officer or Officers of Excise, and taken before any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, or Liberty respectively, wherein such Workman, Servant, Labourer, or other PQiPon shall be found; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any such Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively, on the Party's Confession of any such Offence, or on Proof thereof by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to convict in the Penalty of Fifty Po.mds every such Workman, Servant, Labourer, or other Person as aforesaid, so proved to have been guilty of any such Offence; and every such Workman, Servant, Labourer, or other Person convicted as aforesaid, Dull immediately on such Conviction, pay down into the Hands of such Officer the said Penalty in which he orlhe shall be so convicted, to be applied in Manner herein after directed; and if any such Workman, Servant, Labourer, or other Person so convicted, shall not forthwith pay down the said Penalty, the said Justice or Justice* shall and he or they is and are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to commit the Party so convicted as aforesaid to the House of Correction for the said County', Riding, Division, City or Liberty respectively, there to remain to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Twelve Months, to be reckoned from the Day of such Conviction; and the Person so convicted shall not be discharged until he or she shall have paid the said Penalty, or until the Expiration of the Time lor which such Commitment was made.

XV. 4 And whereas Doubts have arisen whether any Appeal lies, in certain Cases, relating to orconceming the making of Malt, or the Duties on Malt, or any Penalty or Forfeiture relating to the fame, from any Judgment, Order, or Determination, or any Conviction of Justices of the Peace, to the Justices attembled at the Quarter Sessions of the Peace; for obviating which Doubts, ' be it declafcdand further enabled, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons who shall find himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Judgment, Order, Determination, or Conviction of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, in any Case relating to or concerning the making of Malt, or any of the Duties on Malt, or any Penalty or Forfeiture relating to the fame, to appeal from such Judgment, Order, Determination, or Conviction, to the Justices attembled at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace tb be holden for the County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, City, or Place in which such Judgment shall have been given, or Order, Determination, or Conviction made; which said Justices of the Peace, or the major Part of them so attembled, are hereby empowered to hear and finally determine of and concerning the Truth of the Fads and Merits of the Case in qticttion between the Parties, to such Judgment, Order, Determination, or Conviction respectively; and if at such Quarter Sessions any Defect or Defects of Form shall be found in such Proceedings before the Justice or Justices who gave such original Judgment, Order, Determination, or Conviction, then and in every such Case such Dcfed or Defers of Form shall or may be redified and amended by the Order or Orders of such Justices of the major Part of them so attembled at such Quarter Sessions, any Thing herein or in any other Act or Acts contained to the contrary in any wise not with-standing; and no Writ of Certiorari shall be allowed or brought to set afideany Determination or Order of the fabj Justices of the Peace or the major Part of them so a (Tumbled at such Quarter Sessions: Provided always, that upon every such Appeal the said Justices so attembled at such Quarter Sessions shall and do proceed to re-hear, re-examine, and re-consider the Truth of the Fads and the Merits of the Case in question between the Parties to such original Judgment, Order, Determination, or Conviction, and to re-examine thereto upon Oath the fame Witnesses or any of them, and no other, who shall have been before examined upon Oath as Wiineflcs before the Justice or Justices of the Peace at the original hearing, on which the Judgment, Order, Determination, or Conviction so appealed from, was given or made.

XVI. ' And whereas iome of the Penalties imposed by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Aunty among other Things, for granting to Her Majesty Duties upon Malt, Mum, ' Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and thirteen; and another Att passed in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malty Sugarf Tobacco and Snuff in Great Britain, and on Pensions and Offices in England; and for repealing so mud of certain Acts as relate to certain Duties of Sixpence and One Shilling respectively on Offices and Pensons; and for regr anting the said Duties of Sixpence and One Shilling respectively y and the J'aid other Duties for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eighty have been found insufficient, and it is expedient that they (hoi: Id 4 be increased; be it therefore enacted, That every Malster or Maker of Malt shall monthly and every Month make a true Entry at thd next Office ol Excise, of all the Malt by him, her, or them made in such Month respectively, on pain of forfeiting every Neglect to make any such Entry the Sum of One hundred Pounds in lieu and iutteadof the Sum ol Ten Pounds mentioned in the said Act passed in the said Twelfth Year of the Rugn of Her said late Majesty Queen Anne.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Malster or Maker of Malt shall fraudulently hide, conceal, or convey any Malt, or any Corn or Grain making into Malt, from the Sight or view of the Gauger or Gangers, or Officer or Officers of Excise appointed to take an Account of the fame, or under whole Survey inch Malster or Maker of Malt shall then be, the Person or Persons offending therein shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, in lieu and instead of the Sum of Ten Shillings^>rr Btilhel imposed by the said Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her said late Majesty Queen Anne.

e

A.D. 1808

48° GEORGII III.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Maltster or Maker of Malt shall croft or ft*t tip, alter or enlarge, IVnalty for

or make use of any Cittern, Utitig Fnt, U ten til or other Vessel for the wetting or keeping any Barley, or other erc&mst.NUcru

Corn or Grain for the making of Malt, or of any Kiln, Floor, Room or other Place for the making or keeping

of Malt, or keeping of Corner Grain making into Malt, without first giving Notice thereof in Writing at the [, ^cai r/lot

next Office of Exciic, on pain to forfeit for every such Cittern, Uting Fat, Utensil or other Vettl, Kiln, 1 rller § ib of

Floor, Room, or other Place so erected, let up, altered, enlarged, or made use of without such Notice as 12 Ann.]

affirrlaid, the Sum of Two hundred Pound?, in lieu and instead of the Sum of Fifty Pounds mentioned in the said Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her said late Majesty Queen Anne.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Malt Her or Maker of Malt shall tread, ram, or otherwise Penally for

force together in the Cittern, Uting'Fat, ot Couch, any Corn or Grain lb oping or tteeped in order to the making togeth-t

thereof into Malt, every such Maittter or Maker of Malt find forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds,

inllead of the Sum of Five Shillings for every Bufficl ot Corn or Grain keeping or deeped, that shall in^o rCialt loot* he 10 trodden, rammed, or otherwise forced together, mentioned in the said Act of the preterit Scfiiou of

Parliament; and it any Corn or Grain in any Cittern, Uting Fat, or Conch, deeping or deeped in order to

the making thereof into Malt, by any Maltiter or Maker of Malt, is or shall be found so hard, dole, and

compact, as it could not he iiulels the fame had by some Means or other been forced together to prevent the

riling and swelling thereof, every Madder or Maker of Malt, where the same shall be so found, shall in every such Case forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and if on any Supervifur or other Officer of Ingraft* of

Excite in Great Britain, or any Person or Persons employed by any Rich Supervifur or Officer for that Purpose, (-humify

in the Pretence of such Madder or Maker ot Malt, or his, her, or their Servant (if such Madder or Maker of

Malt, or Servant, shall thick fit to be p re lent at such Operation) throwing or removing the Corn or Grain from

or out of any Couch which such Supervifur or Officer shall lufpeft to have been trodden, rammed, or otherwise

forced together, and returning or throwing such Corn or Grain back again into the Couch, and laying the fame

level in such Couch, any Incivaie fnr.li be found exceeding the Rate of One Bushel in every Twenty Belli els over

and above the Quantity which the said Corn or Grain appeared to be by the previous Gauge thereof taken in

the Couch before the said Corn or Grain was thrown out as aforesaid, then and in every such Case, Proof being

made of such Incrcateas aforesaid, the same shall be deemed conclusive Evidence that such Maltiter or Maker of

Malt did tread, ram, or otherwise force together the said Corn or Grain in the Couch, or that the fame was

so hard, close, and compact, as it could not be unless the fame had by fume Means or other been forced

together to prevent the riling and swelling thereof, and shall subject the Maltller or Maker of Malt to the said

Penalty of One hundred Pounds.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Malt Her or Maker of Malt shall fraudulently convey away, or Penalty on cause or procure, or permit or fuller to be conveyed away from the Cittern, Uting Fat, or other wetting Place lvd\vluU»..tly -or Utensil, any Steeping or Part of any Steeping of Corn or Grain making into Malt, and shall mix such Corn T, ."V*v>m: or

or Grain so conveyed away with and amongst any Couch or Couches, Floor or Floors of other Corn or Grain oj1X^-n making* making into Malt, which are or shall be then depending and in Operation, and which has or have been gauged j, ue Malt, 200l. or charged with the Duty in the Couch; or if any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall fraudulently convey away, or [w/icadof 100l. cause or procure or permit or suffer to be conveyed away from the Cittern, Uting Fat, or other wetting Place or under 48 G. 3t Utensil, any Steeping or Part of any Steeping of Corn or Grain making into Malt, so that no Gauge of such. c. 2' $ 15'1 Corn or Grain so conveyed away can be taken in the Couch by the Officer, then and in each of the said Cases every such Maltster or Maker of Malt so of Feuding, shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, inllead and in lieu of the Sum of One hundred Pounds mentioned in the said Act, passed in this Session of Parliament.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said several Penalties of One hundred Pounds, Two hundred Inoreafrd Pounds, Two hundred Pounds, One hundred Pounds, and Two hundred Pounds, respectively by this Act Penalties (under imposed in lieu and inllead of the said letter Penalties respectively, herein-before mentioned, shall be and the said^6»^several Penalties of One hundred Pounds, Two hundred Pounds, Two hundred Pounds, One hundred Pounds, ])ef'" and Two hundred Pounds, respectively are hereby made perpetual; any Thing in the said Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her laid late Majesty Queen Anne, or in the said Act of this Session of Parliament, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That every Conviction by or before any Justices of the Peace for any Form of Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, by this or any other Act of Parliament relating Conviction. to the Duties of Excise on Malt imposed, may be made in the Form following; to wit,

BE it remembered, That on the - Day of in the Year of

our Lord*A.B. was, on the Complaint of C. 1). he the said

' C.D. then and there being an Officer of Excise, convicted before us, Two of the .Indices of the Peace for the County of (Mr, lor the Riding or Divifbnof the County of

4 or for the City, Liberty, Dittrift, or Town of as the Case flail happen

4 to he] in the Penalty of in pursuance of an Act made in the

Year of the Reign of King George the Third, for [as the Case may be.]

Given under our Hands and Seals the Day and Year first above written.*

XXIII. 4 And whereas the Duties on Malt have been greatly evaded, and the Revenue confidently MdtiVis Hull f diminished, by indigent and obscure Persons who have become Makers of Malt, having fold off their Ettefts < '-»r lEtie*

and absconded before the Duties charged on such Persons respectively for or in respect of the Malt by them cv ry Fortnight:

made, have become payable; for Remedy whereof be it further enacted, That all and every Maltster or* wl.un. Malttters or Maker or Makers of Malt for Sale, shall within the Space of Fourteen D^'S next after he, ffie, or f^VcIcwaiVcvoif they shall or ought to have made such Entry as is required and directed in and by the said Act of the Twelfth Four Month*. Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Qucca Anne, pay and clear off all the Duties tv high shall have been 48 Geo III. 3 L

c-74- 437

A.D. 1808.

438 C. 74, 75. 48° GEORGII III.

Penalty on obffrufting Officers, lOOl.

Recovery and Application ut Penalties.

Powers of laCar.a.

«.24. &c. relating to Excise, extended to this Act. §26,

Commencement of Act 5 July 1808.

charged upon, and which stall remain unpaid from and by such Maltster or Maltsters or Maker or Makers of Malt, for or in respect of any Malt, by him, her, or them made; unless such Maltster or Maltsters or Maker or Makers of Malt shall have given Security, approved of by the Commissioners of Excise, or the Person or Persons who shall be appointed or employed by them for that Purpose, by Bond in Double the Value of the Duties, which such Commissioners of Excise, or such Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall judge likely toarife, be charged on and become due from such Maltster or Maltsters or Maker or Makers of Malt, within any Five Months, for the due Payment at the End of every Four Months from and after the Day on which such Maltster or Maltsters or Maker or Makers of Malt shall or ought to have made such Entry as aforesaid, of all such Sum and Sums of Money as shall arise or be charged on and become due from such Maltster or Maltsters or Maker or Makers of Malt; and if any Maltster or Maltsters or Maker or Makers of Malt, who shall not have given such Security as aforesaid, shall neglect orrefufe to pay and clear off at the End or Expiration of such Fourteen Days all such Sum and Sums of Money as shall arise, be charged on, or become due as aforesaid, every such Maltster or Maltsters or Maker or Makers of Malt, shall for every such Offence forfeit Double the Sum of the Duty or Duties whereof the Payment shall be so neglected or refused; any Thing in this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall assault, oppose, moled, obstruct, or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excise in the due Execution of this Act, or of any of the Powers or Authorities to him or them by this Act given or granted, the Person or Persons so offending shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such Ways, Means, or Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively, and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him, her, or them, who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Directions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things which, in and by an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for taking away the Court of Wards and Liverifs and Tenures in capite, and by Knights Service and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon His Majesty in lieu thereof, or by any other Act now in force relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise, and establiM for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining the Duties thereby granted, or any of them, other than in such Cases for which other Penalties or Provisions are made and prescribed by this Act, shall be pradliicd, used, and put in Execution in and for the Purposes of this Act as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Directions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take effect from and immediately after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eight.

CAP. LXXV.

C hurrhwardm*, &r. of the Place where any dt ad Body shall l»e call on Shore shall cause the tune to be removed and ittU-rred.

An Act for providing suitable Interment in Church-yards or Parochial Burying Grounds in England, for such dead Human Bodies as may be cast on Shore from the Sea, in Cases of Wreck or otherwise.

[18th June 1808.]

WHEREAS no Provision hath yet been made by the Laws now in force for providing suitable Interment

in Church-yards or Parochial Burying Grounds, for such dead Human Bodies as may be call on Short

from the Sea by Wreck or otherwise, in that Part of the United Kingdom called England: And whereas it is expedient that Provision should be made for the decent Interment of such Bodies May it therefore please Your Majesty that it mar be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, bvand v.th the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Churchwarden and Churchwardens, Overseer and Overseers of the Poor for the Time being of the respective Parishei throughout England, in which any dead Human Body or dead Human Bodies shall be found thrown in or call on Shore from the Sea, by Wreck or otherwise, shall and he and they is and are hereby required, upon Notice to him or them given that any such Body or Bodies are thrown in or call on Shore by the Sea, and is or are lying within the Bounds of the Parish for which he or they shall be Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overseer or Overseers of the Poor, to cause the same to be forthwith removed to some convenient Place, and with all convenient Speed to cause such Body or Bodies to be decently interred in the Church-yard or Burial Ground of such Parish, so that the Expences attending on such Burial do not exceed the Sum which at that Time is allowed in such Parish for the Burial of any Person or Persons buried at the Expence of such Parish: Provided always, that in case any such Body or Bodies shall be thrown in orcaflon Shore from the Sea in any Extra-parochial Place where there is no Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overseer or Overseers of the Poor, then and in every such Case the Constable or Headborough of such Place shall, on Notice being given to him that such Body or Bodies is or are lying in such Extra-parochial Place, forthwith cause such Body or Bodies to be removed to some convenient Place, and with all convenient Speed cause the same to be buried in such and the like Manner as the Churchwardens and Overseers within England wt hereby required to bury such Body or Bodies.

i'

1

A.D. 1808.

48° GEORGII III.

C-75- 439

II. And be it further enacted, That every Minister, Parish Clerk, and Sexton of such respectiv? Panlhes Minister of th»

shall perform their several and respective Duties in such and the like Manner as is customary in other Funerals, Pariftftudl and mall admit of such Body or Bodies being interred in such Church-yards or Burial Grounds without any pyrfomi tl^e improper Lois of Time, receiving for the lame, by way of Compensation, such and the like Sums as in Cases &c

of Burials made at the Expence of such Parities.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall find any such Body or Bodies cad P^rdof 5*. on Shore from the Sea by Wreck or otherwise, and shall within Six Hours thereafter give Notice thereof to to Persons giving fouieone of the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of the Parish for the Time being in which such Body

or Bodies shall be found, or to the Constable or Headborough for the Time being, in case such Body or Bodies shall be found in any Extra-parochial Place, or cause such Noti.e to be left at his or their lall or usual Place or Places of Abode, then and in every such Case such Person or Persons shall receive the Sum of Five Sh. Rings for his, her, or their Trouble, such Sum to be forthwith paid to the Person or Persons hr It giving such Notice only; but nevertheless that no greater Sum than Five Shillings shall be paid for any One Notice, although there may be a greater Number of such Bodies than One.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall find any such Body or Bodies call on Shore from the Sea by Wreck or otherwise, and shall not within Six Hours thereafter give Notice to some one of the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor uf the Parish for the Time being in which such Body or Bodies shall be found, or to the ConftaLle or Headborough for the Time being, in calc such Body or Bodies shall be found in any Extra-parochial Place, or cause such Notice to be left at his or their lall or usual Place or Places of Abode, then and in every Case such Person or Persons shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds.

V. And be it further enacted, That all nea fiery and proper Payments, Cods, Charges, and Expences which shall he made or incurred in or about the Execution of this Act, shall be made and paid by the Church-wardcu or Churchwardens, Overseer or Overseers, Constable or Headborough for the Time being of such respective Parishes and Places as aforesaid.

VI. 1 And, for the Purpose of reimbursing him or them all such Payments, Cods, Charges, and Expences/ be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any one Just ice of the Peace for t lie County or Place within that Part of the United Kingdom called England* in which any such Body or Bodies shall have been so removed and buried as aforesaid, by any Writing under his Hand, to order and direct the Treasurer for such County to pay such Sum or Sums of Money to such Churchwarden and Churchwardens, Overseer and orjcrof t Overseers, Constable or Headborough, for his or their Costs and Expences in or about the Execution of this jU|ilc*.

Ad (after the same shall have been duly verified on Oath) as to the find Justice shall seem reasonable and necessary; and such Treasurer shall and he is hereby authorized and required forthwith to pay the Sum or Sums of Money so ordered and directed to be paid to the Person or Persons empowered to receive the same; and such Treasurer shall be allowed the fame in his Accounts,

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any such Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overseer or Overseers, Constable or Headborough, shall refuse or oegled to remove or cause to be removed such Body or Bodies from the Sea Shore to some convenient Place prior to the Interment thereof, for the Space of Twelve Hours after such Notice given to him or them, or left in Writing at his or their lall or usual Place or Places of Abode by any Person or Persons whomsoever, or shall neglect 01* refuse to perform the several other Duties required of him and them by this Act, then and in every such Case every such Churchwarden or Overseer,

Constable or Headborough, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures which shall be incurred under this Act, if not paid on Conviction, shall be levied and recovered by Diflrcfs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place where the Olfruee shall happen (which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered to grant on the Co nil* (lion of the Party, or upon the Evidence of any credible Witness upon Oath) and the Surplus of the Money a riling by such Dill re is and Sale shall be returned on Demand to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the Costs and Charges of making, keeping, and felling the Distress; and such Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, shall be paid to the Informer or Informers; and in case sufficient Ddlrefs shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of such County or Place, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Two Calendar Months, nor Iefs than Fourteen Days, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges

attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner fully paid and satisfied,

iv a ..a l-.. r. .1. _ ___.1 . , n 1_____ r*

JJ .dies call oo Shore.

Pender of si. on Pin ions fin.linc dea I li nin'* and not giving .Notice.

Expewrs fl2.1JJ be pdid by Church -wardens, &c.

Clnrr 'wardens, &c. shall be reituhuifed by Treasurer oi the County, on

Penalty on P*rish O/fired neglecting to execute thu

Rccorcrv and of

Pmaliit».

on;

A

IX. And be it further enacted, That in all Cales where any Conviction shall be had for any Offence or deuces committed against this A cl or against any Order of Sessions, or any Matter in puriuaucc of tins cl, the Form of Conviction shall be in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say, )

J^E it remembered, That on this

in the

of

Conviction.

Day of

Year of the Rdgn of A.B. is convicted before One of

1 His Majesty's Juiliccs of the Peace for the, of having [at the Offence shall he]

and I the said do adjudge him [or themj to forfeit and pay for the fame the

1 Sum of Given under my Hand and Seal the Day and Year aforesaid.*

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, licrlelf, or A|.fmltorh* themselves aggrieved by any Judgment or Determination, or by any Matter or Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the first General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County or Place (within which the Matter of Appeal shall arise) nett after the Expiration of One Calendar Month from the Time such Matter of Appeal shall have arisen.

3 L*1 by VjrtGM

440

Procrrdin's shall not l»e (juaihf d lor want oi' Form.

TVnrdtirs, &r. Did!) be paid by JYribns incurring the fame, arid not by tile I'uriiU.

I^or J1? of Manors, Re. Dial! pay the same Fee as heretofore on interring dead Bodies, &c.

Expences of Intenneut shall he raiseds County Hates under

12 Geo. 2. c. 29.

His Majesty may grant to the Bitfiop of Derry the Right of nppoiating a JMalkr to the Free School of Venj.

0.75, 76, 77. 48° GEORGII III. A.D. 1808.

the Person or Persons appealing having first given Ten Days Notice at lead of his or their Intention to bring Inch Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Person or Persons so appealed against, and forthwith after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for such County or Place, with fujTicicat Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal and abide the Order and Award of the said Court thereon; and the said Justices at such Seftkms, upon due Proof of such Notice and Recognisance having been given and entered into, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and to make such Determination therein, and to award such Colls to either of the Parties, or Other wife, as they shall judge proper; and the said Justices may if they fee Cause mitigate any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, and may also order such further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured a5 they shall judge reasonable; and all such Determinations of the said Justices shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all Parties, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XI. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same he deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Information, Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties dilhaiued be deemed a Trespasser or TrespalTers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity that shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties so distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity, shall and may recover full Satisiacftion for the special Damage in an Action upon the Case.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Expences attendant thereon, which shall be incurred under the Pro vi dons of this Act, shall he paid and borne by the Person or Persons incurring the fame, and that the Farish or Place wherein such Person or Persons ought to have acted in the Duties prescribed by this Act shall be wholly exempted therefrom.

XIII. 4 Whereas in Cases of dead Wrecks, wherein no living Person is found, or Owner known, the Lord of Manors on which any such dead body or dead Bodies may be washed in, and who are entitled to Wreck there, have usually paid a fmrdi Fee for the placing such Body or Bodies in the Ground in the State in which the fame have been found, and such Payments have been adduced and admitted as Proof on Trials at Common Law of the Right of such Lords of Manors to Wrecks in such Manors be it therefore enacted, That in all and every such Cases it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every Lord or Lords of any Manor or Manor* throughout England to pay or cause to be paid to the Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overseer or Overseerr, Constable or Headborough of such respective Parishes and Places as aforesaid, such and the like Sums as he or they was or were heretofore accudomed to pay for the placing any such Body or Bodies into the Ground as aforesaid; such Sums to go in part Payment and Discharge of the Costs and Expences to be incurred in or about the Execution of this Act, and Credit to be given for the fame by such Overseers, Churchwardens, Constable or Headborough, in their Accounts with the County to which such Accounts shall be submitted; any Thing in this Act to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XIV. 4 And, for defraying the Expences of the Removal and Burial of such Body or Bodies as aforesaid, and all other Expences necessary for the Execution of this Actft be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace at the General or Quarter Sessions may cause such Sums of Money as shall be necessary for all or any of the Purposes aforesaid, to be raised in the same Manner as Rates are directed to be raised by an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, an Act fa tk more cafy ajftjfuig, colle&ingy and levying of County Rates*

CAP. LXXVI.

An Act for raising the Sum of Ten Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds by way of Annuities.

[ 1 Sth June i8c8.]

Every' Contributor of 100l. shall be entitled to a Principal of 118l. 3l. 6d. in the Four ter Cents., from 44 5 slpril 1808. §1. — Duties under 46 G. 3. c. 65. shall not be charged on Firil Half-Year Dividends. $ 8. — 44 Treasury may remit to Ireland 2, 500, 00ol. §20. — To be provided for in Ireland. §12. — Forging Receipts for Contributions, Felony without Clergy. §24. — Bank of England shall continue a Corporation till Annuities under this Act shall cease. §25."

CAP. L XXVII.

An Act to enable His Majesty to veil the Right of Appointment of Matter of the Free School ef

Londonderry in the City and County of Londonderry, in the Bittiop of Derry for the Time being.

[jSth Juste 1803.]

WHEREAS there is and has been for a Series of Years a School called a Free School in the City of Londonderry in the County of Derry, and the Right of nominating and appointing a M .fter to the said Free School has been heretofore exercised by His Majesty and His Predecctiors: And wherrat His Majesty, on the humble Application of the Lord Bishop of Dcrry, has been, graeioutty pie a fed to iigrify H; s 4 Royal Will and Pleasure, that so far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned the said Right of nominatbg and 4 appointing a Matter to the said Free School should be absolutely vetted in the Lord Billion of Derrs forth? 4 Time being; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enact d by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual a; d Tt .nn >rd,; , J Commons, in this present Parliament aftembh <J, and by the Authority of the same, That fresh a..J alter ft? passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors Iv lvtci Patent under the Great Seal of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Irdmtd, .ft d to grant unto the Lord Bittiop of Derry for the Time being, and his Successors, the said lCght ol rur.; : ' g and appointing a Matter to the said Five School of D.rry in the said City and County of tr.-d

and d lie barged irom all Claim, Right and Title of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors.

U. r-.o

A.D. 1808.

48th GEORGII III.

C. 77, 78. 441

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every Appointment of a Mailer to the Paid Free School by Such Appoint-

the Lord Bishop of Derry for the Time being, or his Successors, shall be subject to the Approbation of the m'Vc , '<|1 tjC

Lord Lieutenant or Governor or Governors 01 Ireland for the Time being, testified by Wilting u..d r his or |}! Nation

their Hand or Hands, and that all such Appointments as shall not receive such Approbation as aforesaid shall iJ^faiieuieuaut; be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and in such and the like Manner in ill Respects as if

the fame had not been made; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An Act to grant to His Majesty Duties upon Malt made in Ireland, and upon Spirits made or distilled in Irelands and to allow certain Drawbacks on the Exportation thereof.

[23d June 1808.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies, have freely and voluntarily resolved, to give and grant uuto Your Majesty the Duties herein after mentioned, and do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted \y and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That within and through that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, there shall be granted, raised, levied, collected, paid, and satisfied unto and to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the several Duties herein after mentioned; (that is to say, )

For and upon every Barrel of Malt ground or unground, which at any Time or Times from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and eight, shall be made of Bailey, or any other Corn or Grain in Ireland, by any Person or Persons whatsoever, whether the same shall be or shall not be for Sale, or for which any Maltster shall be chargeable by Law, the Sum of Ten Shillings British Currency; and so proportionally for a greater or less Quantity, to be paid by the Maker or Makers thereof reflectively:

For and upon every Gallon of Aqua Vitae, Strong Waters, or Spirits, which at any Time from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and eight, shall be made or distilled in Ireland, from Corn malted or unmalted, by any Person or Persons whatsoever, or for which any Distiller shall be chargeable by Law, the Sum of Four Shillings British Currency; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, to be paid by the full Maker or Difliiier thereof:

And also for and upon every Six Gallons of Aqua Vitse, Strong Waters, or Spirits, which at any Time or Times from and after the said Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and eight, shall be made or distilled in Ireland, from Corn malted or unmalted, by any Person or Persons whom foe ver, or for which any Distiller shall be chargeable by Law, the further Sum of Ten Shillings Britjb Currency; and so proportionably for a greater or less Quantity, to be paid by the iiril Maker or Distiller of such Aqua Vitae,

Strong Waters, or Spirits:

And also for and upon every Gallon of Aqua Vitae, Strong Waters, or Spirit?, which at any Time or Times from and after the pafliuy of this Act, shall be made or distilled in Ireland, from Sugar, by any Perfarf or Persons whatsoever, or for which any Distiller shall be chargeable by Law, an Excise Duty of Five Shillings and Eleven-pence Halfpenny British Currency, and so in Proportion for any greater or lets Quantity, to be paid by the first Maker or Distiller thereof:

All which said Duties on Spirits shall be in lieu and full Satisfaction of all Duties granted on the fame by any former Act or Acts of Parliament, except such Duties as have been or shall or may be granted or imposed for certain local Purposes in Ireland by any Act or Acts of Parliament, and which Duties are or may be appropriated to such local Purposes, by the Acts by which the said Duties are or may be respectively granted or imposed, or by any other Act or Acts.

u Duty on Spirits in Distiller's Stock, See. 10d* per Gallon additional, from the 10th of June 1808; and on any Increase between that Day and 29th September 1808. — The like Duty on Home-made Spirits in Retailer's 44 Stock on 10th June 1808. — The like Duty on Foreign Spirits in Stock, 10th June 1808. — Provided 41 Retailers, &c. have 30 Gallons in the whole. — Duty not to attach in compounded Spirits. — Wa*houibd Spirits taken out for Home Consumption after icth ot June, 4a. 10J. p?r Gabon in lieu of former Duties. J 2."

III. 4 And whereas it is expedient, pu'-suant to the Provisions of the AeU for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, that in respect of the D 'tie^ by this Act imposed o 1 Mult and Spirits .nine in Ireland, C >nntervailing Dutiys should be charged upon Beer or Ale iradrr in urea: Britain, and on spirits mad in Fm-jand,

and iv 1 pec lively imported from thence into lrrl md, bllLient to conn: avail the f ): )u ies on'Ink and Spirits made lu Ireland u.der this Act be it therefore ea.ct'd, Thu* there Ih ill be char - -i 01 <11 such iJ«*cr or Ale, and Spirits, the several C »untena.li .g Du'i -s folio ving, lu lieu an 1 full S uioa 1 on of ail Cou.kc*.\a ling Duties whatever, payable upon such Beer or Ah or S ir ts under or by Virtue of any Act or Acts iu face w Ireland, immediately before the pailing of this Act; (that ic. to lay, )

For and upon every Barrel of Beer or Ale containing Thirty-two Gallons, brewed or made in Great Britain, and wfaeft shall be imported from thence 1to Ireland at any Tone after the said Tw-mry.ninth Dav of Stp'f*; J-r One thousand eight hundred and eight, the Sum of Seven Shillings ami Eight-pence One Farthing British Currency;

1 4 For.

The Putie* following shall paid, viz.

On Malt made alter 29th Sept.-1 so*, lOs. per Barrel.

Corn-Spirits per Gallon; from 29th Sept. ISOS.

Further D.'ty ot)

( orn-SfuriLs I 04. for every £mk Gallon-, from 29th Ocpt. 1 &08.

Su«; ar Spirits 5s. 11 fd. per, Gallon a.ter patiing the Act.

In lieu of former* Duue* on SpiriVJ^-execpi under Local Act*.

C mntcrvhiLm"' Paties on Brintfr IC-.-r \nd Mnalith Spirits imported i'llo irclauvl.

On R» er or Ale 7-. s^d. flrUith,

per Bairel, "'tec 29th bvptAhOS*.

442

Kn^V.fh Com iS|>iMS 5'. Hil. after loth June isoh.

Supr Spirits 8». Vl. a.ttr passing the Act.

Equivalent Drawbacks on Irish Bctr ami Spirits (not warehouseil) exported to Great Britain an*l England.

Drawbacks on Importation of liter anti Sp rits (not warcl t ufol) to Foreign Fails.

Deer 7s. per Barrel.

Com S| irlts 5s. 8d. fer Gallon.

Sugar Spirits ts. 5d. ot 1 to JO) and l'o io Proportion.) Malt 10s. per Barrel.

4? G. a. Sdr.a. e. (6. J7.

C. 78.

48° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1808.

Drawbacks on

Com Spirits having pi.id additional Duty, and ware hcult d before 2'jihSept. 1808, and

expected to England cr ellewh re, Is. 8d. per Gallon.

On all Sugar

For and upon every Gallon of Spirits made or dialled from Corn or Grain in England, and which shall he imported from thence into Ireland at any Time after the said Tenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and right, the Sum of Five Shillings ai.d Eight-pence British Currency: And For and upon every Gallon of Spirits made or distilled from Sugar in England and which shall he imported from thence into Ireland at any Time after the passing of this Act, the Sum of Eight Shillings and Five-pence British Currency.

IV. And be it further enacted, That on the Exportation from Ireland to Great Britain of Beer or Ale brewed or made in Ireland, and on the Exportation from Ireland to England of Spirits diflilied in Ireland, and for which the Duties payable under this Act shall have been fully paid and satisfied, and which Spirits shall not have been warehoused in Ireland, there shall respectively be allowed and given a Drawback equal in Amount to the Countervailing Duties by Uiis Act granted on Beer or Ale made in Great Britain, and on Spirits dillilbd in England, and imported from thence reipcdtively into Ireland: in lieu of all Drawbacks payable under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland immediately before the passing of this Act, in respect of such Beer or Ale or Spirits respectively exported from Ireland to Great Britain or England respectively.

V. And be it further enacted, That in lieu and iuitead of Vl former Drawbacks on Beer or Ale or Most made or Spirits diddled in Ireland, ami exported to any other Place than Great Britain, every Person who shall export to any other Place than Great Britain Beer or Ale made or b.ewed in Ireland, or Spirits diddled in Ireland, 0: 1 which the Duties impofvd by this Act shall have been respectively paid, and which Spirits shall not be so exported from Warehouseia /r, land, shall be entitled to and shall receive for every Barrel of such Beer or Ale the Sum of Seven Shillings and Eight-pence One Farthing British Currency; and for every Gallon of such Spiriis made or drililled from Com malted or unmalted, of a Strength not exceeding One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, a Drawback of Five Shillings and Eight-pence British Currency, and so in Proportion for any greater Degree of Strength; and for every Gallon of such Spirits made or distilled from Sugar, of a Strength not exceeding One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, a Drawback of Eight Shillings and Five-pence British Currency, and so in Proportion for any greater Degree of Strength; and that every Person who thall export, to any other Place than Great Britain, Malt made in Ireland, on which the Duties imposed by this Ac\ shall have been paid, shall be entitled urto and shall receive for every Barrel thereof the Sum of Ten Shillings British Currency; which Drawbacks shall he paid by the Collector of Inland F.xcise and Taxes of the Dillrift from which such Malt or Beer or Ale or Spirits shall be exported, out of any Money in his Hands, on such Certificate from the ColEctor, Comptroller, or other Chief Officer of the Port from whence the same shall be exported, as is required by an Act made in the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to grant to I/is Majesty, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eight, certain Duties on (he Importation, and to allow Drawbacks on the Exportation, of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, into and from Ireland, in case of Drawbacks on Exportation of Goods in resperit of any Internal Duty of Excise paid thereon: Provided, that no such Drawback shall be paid or Allowance of Duty made unless the Persons respectively who export inch Beer or Ale, Spirits or Malt, shall make Oath that the full Duties on account of which such Drawback is required have been fully paid and satisfied, and shall also perform all such Requisites, and comply with such Regulations and Reffnctions as are or shall be required to be performed and observed, by Persons expouing any A1 tide whereon any Drawback or Bounty is payable, for obtaining the same.

VI. And be it further enacted, That for and upon every Gallon of Spirits made or diflilied from Com malted or ut malted in Ireland, which shall have paid the said Duty of Ten-pence for ever)' Gallon by this Act imposed, and which shall have been warehoused in Ireland before the said Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and eight, and which shall be entered for Exportation from Ireland to England ox elsewhere, (except Scotland, ) there shall be allowed and given a Drawback of One Shilling ai d Eight pence, British Currency, and no more; and that for and upon every Gallon of Spirits which shall be distilled from Sugar in Ireland, and which shall be warehoused in Ireland, and exported from thence to England, or elsewhere, (except Settlund, ) there shall be allowed and given a Drawback of Two Shillings and Five-pence Halfpenny, British Currency, and no more; which said Drawbacks shall be paid in like Manner, and under the like Reltri&ious, as are by this Act directed with respect to other Drawbacks on Spirits exported.

Spirits warehoused 2s. .'»H. p*r G.tllon.

The feveraf Duties on Fpirl? shall be a Charge oa Difuilcr for all Spirits as »nd< r Acts 46 G. 3. c. b8. and 47 G. 3. Self. 2. c. 17. under the Regulations In those Act* bud this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That as well the said Duty of Four Shillings per Gallon on Spirits made from Corn malted or unmalted, as also the said additional Duty of Ten Shillings for every Six Gallons of Spirits distilled from Corn malted or unmalted, and likewise the said Duty of Five Shillings and Eleven-pence Hrif-penny per Gallon on Spirits made or distilled from Sugar, by this Act respectively imposed, shall be respcriivrly charged on every Diilitler, in respect of the Quantity of Spirits which shall be made or distilled by such Distiller, or for which such Diltdlcr shall be chargeable by L, aw; to be computed, ascertained, and charged in such Manner, and under such Regulations, Directions, and Provisions, as are contained in an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to provide for the regulating and securing the Colhftion of the Duties on Spirits djhlled in Ireland, and the warehovjing such Spirits for Exportation, and in an Act made in the Eorty-ieveuth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, for amending the said recited Act of the Forty-ffxth Year, with respect to the computing, ascertaining, and charging the Duties on Spirits payable at the Time of the passing of the said Acts, or as are contained in this Act, or may be contained in any Act or Acts for amending the said recited Acts of the Forty-sixth and Forty, fc-venth Yeats, or either of them; and that all and every the Cfeufes, Rules, Regulations, Reltririions, Provisions. Penalties, Forfeitures, and Modes of Recovery thereof, provided, mentioned, and contained in the said recited Acts of the Forty-sixth and Forty-seventh Years aforesaid, with respe6k to any Charges of Duty, or Surcharges, or other Charges on any Distiller, and with respect to the warehousing of any Spirits, shall be applied and put in Practice in making Charges and Surcharges on such DifHUer, in respect of the said Duties e

Spirit!

r

A.D. 1808. 48° GEORGII III. C. 78. 443

Spirits under this Act, and with respect to" the warehousing of any Spirits charged with Duty under this A<fl, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if all the said Clauses, Rules, Regulations,

Restrictions, Provisions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, had been expressly repeated and enacted in this Act, except only so far as the said Acts are altered by this present Act, or as the fame may be altered by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland,

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the fir/l Charge on any Distiller in respect of the said Duty of Ten Duty of 10*. for

Shillings under this Act, for every Six Gallons of Spirits made from Corn malted or unmalted, Audi be made at Gallon* the End of the first complete Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, which shall commence at any^charged

Time after the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and eight, for which any Still of rkln^ after

such Distiller shall by Law be chargeable as working; and that ever)'future Charge in respect of the said Duty, U9T|,

shall be made at the End of each subsequent Period of Four Weeks or Twenty-eight Days, for which any Stdl isofe; shall by Law be chargeable as working, in Manner herein after mentioned; (that is to say, ) the Surveyor or ind flu»!l U: Gaugcrin Charge of any Distillery, shall make a Return to the Collector of the District for such fir/l Period of char^rtlby Four Weeks or Twenty-eight Days, and so in like Manner a Return for every oilier or subsequent Period of Ori»rm »r iht Four Weeks or Twenty-eight Days, while any Still of any Distiller shall continue, or be presumed to continue c'tr7 r

working, or shall by Law be chargeable as working, and in such Return shall charge such Distiller after the*uUt4'

Rate of One Shilling and Eight -penceper Gallon for the full Quantity of Spirits for which such Dilliller shall he chargeable with Duty in respect of such Still, or of the Spirits made or distilled therein, for every such Period of Four Weeks or Tw'enty-eight Days, under the Provisions and Regulations of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, Without any Allowance or Dedudliou from the said Duty of Ten Shillings, for or in respect of the Size of the Still or Stills in which such Spirits shall have been diddled; and such Dilliller shall pay the Duty appearing by such Return and Charge to have become due and payable, without any Allowance or Deduction, otherwise than is herein after expressly mentioned, within Six Days after such Return and Charge shall have been made, or shall for every Default forfeit Twenty Pounds, together with a Sum equal to Double the Duty so returned and charged.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That ever)' Distiller charged with the said Duty of Ten Shillings for p; ^nrr |yan every Six Gallons of Spirits made from Corn malted or unmalted, after the rate of One Shilling and Eight-pence have (Vdit ftr Gallon, in Manner aforesaid, shall be allowed Credit against the Amount of the said Duty, and in discharge itVom the

of the fame, at and after the Rate of Ten Shillings Jhitish Currency for each and every Barrel of Malt, which*ylb-ctor of tle

shall have been actually used and consumed by such Dilliller, in the making and diddling of the Spirits, for a"alVft

which such Charge shall be made, and such Duty shall be payable: And for that Purpose it shall be lawful for ga(c rTIJs for

such Dilliller to produce to the Surveyor or Gauger in charge of his Distiller)*, or other proper Officer or even Bmcl ot'

Officers of Excise, on any Day after the Monday in the Fourth Week of each inch Per iod of Four Weeks, Malt j-r, vedto

an Account of the Quantity of Malt actually mashed or brewed by such Dilliller, within a Period of Four ulc^ by him.

Weeks immediately preceding and ending with such Monday, tog< ther with Permits or Certificates for the Distiller shall

permitting of such Quantity of Malt into the Mash Keeve of such Distiller; and thereupon, if such Surveyor, Oliver to Olfuer

Gauger, or Officer, shall be satisfied with such Account, such Surveyor, Gauger, or Officer, shall at the Foot

thereof certify his Assent thereto, and shall lign his Name and the Date to such Certificate, and the said Account 0^ Oiftcer ftitJl

and Certificate shall betaken and accepted after the Rate aforesaid by the Collector of the District, in and certify his Assent.

towards the Discharge, and in Part Satisfaction of the Monthly Amount of the said Duty of Ten Shillings

for every Six Gallons of Spirits so charged upon and payable by such Dilliller as aforesaid: Provided always. Oath to Truth of that the Distiller by whom or on whose Behalf such Account and Certificate shall be tendered, shall, if thereto Account.

required by the Officer to whom the same shall be so tendered, make Affidavit for foLmn Affirmation if a Quaker),

to the Truth of such Account before such Collector; and on Default or Refusal of such Distiller so to Go when

thereto required, such Account and Certificate shall not be taken or accepted in Manner aforesaid; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary* notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller shall for any such Period of Four Weeks for which such Penalty on

Account of the Quantity of Malt actually mashed or brewed by such Distiller shall he produced as aforesaid, have Distiller received Credit, in Manner aforesaid, for a greater Quantity of Malt as being used or consumed by such Distiller receiving credit within such Period, than such Quantity as shall appear to have been deereased within the said Period in the Stock yiJi^ot^cr Account of the Malt made or received by such Distiller; every inch Dilliller shall for every Barrel of such

Excels of Quantity of Malt forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings, a.id so in Proportion for any greater Quantity

than a Barrel; Provided always, that in case such Excess shall not exceed the Proportion of Five per Centum upon such Stock Account, no such Forfeiture or Penalty shall be incurred.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Malt shall be removed from or out of the Stores of any Distiller, or No Malt ftwllhe from any other Place, into the Mill, Distillery, or Mash Keeve of such Distiller without a Permit; and that if removed irom lay Quantity of Malt ground or unground, whether in any Process of diitilling or not, or whether mixed or Store* into unmixed with any ground or unground unmalted Corn or not, shall be found in the Mill, Distillery, or Mash

Reeve of such Distiller, and a Permit for removing the fame into such Mill, Dilliller)', or Mash Keeve, shall not, f od Demand of any Officer of Excise be produced, or Proof made to such Officer that such Permit had been granted Forfeiture

for such Malt, and that such Permit was afterwards lost or mislaid, all such Malt, together with all unmalted Comnd 40l.

# with which such Malt may be mixed, shall be forfeited and may be seized, and such Distiller shall forfeit the Sum of

Forty Pound* British Currency; and every such Permit shall from Time to Time be delivered by such Dif- Penuir* shall b*

toller or hi* Servant to the Surveyor or other proper Officer of Excise in charge of the Distillery within Twelve "ur*

Hour* after the Expiration of the Time for which the same shall be of force, or at any Time within such Twelve p iy'Jol,

1 Hour*, on Demand thereof made by such Officer; and if such Permit shall not be delivered to such Officer accordingly, such Distiller shall forfeit for every Neglect Twenty Pound* Briujh Currency.

1*Ij G. 3. c. 53.A6 G. 3.C. 57.

'Commissioners may make Abatements onC halves under 40 G. 3. as limy might on those under 4 > G. 3.

§ 30, 31, 32.

Repeal of 45 G. 3. c. 53. §5.

T)tmen Hons of Mali Houset, Ciiitms, 1*J tiers, and ( ouch t r.nnci thall he rrgularrd under this Act.

Places adjoining <o gruu'uig 1' ioOrs lint fejrdnued theretroni by Walls, shall be deemed Fart of iii« Floor.

C. 78, 79. 4S0 GEORGII III. A.D. 1808.

" Account of the Stock of Spirits in Hand on 10th June shall be taken by the Excise Officer, anda Retummtde " to the Collector of the DittridL $ 1Returns shall be made by Dillilkrs, Retailers, &c. e: i Oath, of " Stock on Hand on said 10th June. Dittiliers shall deliver Account of all increase of Spirits bet v«en 10th "June and 29th September. Oath to the Truth of Returns. §13. Duties 011 such Spirits in Stock shall be " made on the largett Return, and paid within One Month; or on Removal. §14. Penalty for Default f Puy. " ment Double Duty and 20l. §15. Purchasr 'kail pay Seller additional Duty on Spirits previously fold. $ 16. " Duties carried to Irish Consolidated Fund. §17. Duties, Drawbacks, and Penalties under this Act, shillbe " levied as other Revenues of Customs and Excise, under 14 & 15 Car. 2. <r. 8. 46 G. 3. c. 106, &c. c 18. " ACi may be altered or repealed this Session. $ 11; ."

CAP. LXXIX.

An A<fb to amend the Two ATs for the Colle£ling of the Malt Duties in Ireland, and regulating the

Trade of a Maltster.

[23d June 1608.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Forty-fifth Year of Ills present Map fly's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Collection of the Malt Unties in Ireland, end regulating the I rade of a jljalijhr; which said recited Act was amended by an Act made in the Forty-fixlh Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, Ad

to amend an Act made in the last Sfjion of Parliament for the Collection of the Plait Untie/ in Ireland, ami ranlating the Trade of a Maltsler: Ar.d whereas it is expedient to amend the said recited Acts be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it fh: .ll and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excite and Taxes in Inland, or any Four of them, to reduce the Quantity of Malt for which any Maltster or Maker oi Malt is under the Lid recited Act of the Forty-sixth Year chargeable with Duty during the Continuance of his Licence in any Year, on such Occasion: and in frcti Manner, and under such Regulations and Ilettrictions as the CormrilhoiKis of Excise or any Four of them arc empowered to reduce any Charge under the said recited Act of the Forty-fifth Year, any yiv.rly Charge or other Matter or Thing, in the said recited Act of the Forty-sixth Year to thecontraiy notwithstanding.

II. And be it further ennded. That so much of the said recited Act of the Forty-fifth Year as relates to the Dimensions oi any Mait-house, Cittern, Growing Floor, Kil l Floor, or Couch Frame, or to the graiiti .g ar.y Licence for more than One Cittern in any Malt-house, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed: And that from and after the passing of this Act the said Proportions shall be ascertained and regulated under this A cl in Manner following; and that no Licence shall be granted to any Maltster or Maker of Malt to make Malt in any Malt-house which shall contain more than one Steep or Cittern for the tteeping or wetting of Corn; or the growing, working, or drying Floor or Floors in which shall not contain Two thousand six hundred Square Fat in the Whole at the least; or the Kiln Floor or Floors in which shall contain any Number of Square Feet exceeding the Proportion of Three hundred and Twenty-four Square Feet of such Kiln Floor or Floors for even* Two thousand six hundred Square Feet of the growing, working, or drying Floor or Floors in such Malt-house; ror unless the Steep or Cittern in every such Malt-house shall be of Dimentsions lulficient to contain not Ids than Four Bushels and a Half of Barley at the leatt for every One hundred Square Feet of growing, working, or drying Floor or Floors in such Malt-house; nor shall any Licence be granted to make Malt in any Midt-house unless there shall be a Square Couch Frame for the Steep or Cittern therein, of the Depth of Two Feet at the leatt, and not more than Three Feet, and capable of receiving the fame Quantity of Grain as the Steep or Cille r., and no more, nor unless such Couch Frame shall be conttrucled of Materials of such Strength as shall be fuih-cient to preserve the Dimensions of such Couch Frame when charged with Grain, nor unless such Couch Frame, or such Part thereof as shall be constructed of Wood, shall be oi the Substance of One Inch at lead in Thickness, and braced on the Outside at every Three Feet in Length with a Ledge of Wood Six Inches in Breadth and One Inch thick at the leatt, nor uidefs such Couch Frame shall be erected, fixed, and secured in such Manner as that the Officers of Excise may take an Area thereof; and if any Licence shall be granted to any Person to make Malt in any Malt-house contrary to the aforesaid Regulations, such Licence is hereby declared to he null and void, and every Person making Malt in such Malt-house shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, and be kb I'd to all the Penalties and Forfeitures to which any Person making Malt without Licence is subject: Provided aUva\ s, that in all Cases where the Floor of the Kiln of any Malt-house shall be covered with Iron Wire or Iron Plates, for the Purpose of making or preparing Malt for brewing Porter, a Licence may be granted to maki Mult therein, although it shall not contain a Number of Square Feet of Kilo Floor after the Rate afoudl.J, in calc it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes that the Malt to be made therein is to be used in brewing Porter and not otherwise: Provided also that it Audi be lanful for th: v.J Commissioners to grant a Licence to any Person to make Malt in any MUt-house which may have been cndnl previous to the patting of the said Act of the Forty-fifth Year aforesaid, the growing, working, or drying H>or$ in which shall contain less than Two thousand six hundred Square Feet, and not Li's than One thonimd Square Feet, and the Kiln Floor or Floors of which shall be in the foregoing Proportions to the w orking or drying 1 Dor or Floors therein.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Floor, Room, or Place next adjoining to any Floor or Place n any Malt-house reg'Acred or returned under the said recited Act of the said Forty-fifth Year, as a gn»\w: y» working, or drying Floor, or which shall he mentioned in any Return or Account under the said recited Act 3 a growing, working, or drying Floor, which shall not be separated from such Floor so rogiAcred or mure: ty a Wall built with Brick or Stone, with Mortar made with Lime and Sand, of the full Height of th: Ly or Ceiling of the Room or Place in which such Floor so registered or returned shall be, and nut kb than Nw?

A.D. 1808.

48° GEORGII III.

C79.

Inches in Thickness, and without any Door or Opening whatever therein, and so that no direct Communication shall be between the fame and Inch floor lo regiftemi or returned, shall b»* deemed and taken to be Part of fitch Floor; and if any Pet ion requiring any Licence under the said recited Afcl, shall not in such Return as aforesaid illicit the Number of Square Feet contained in such Floor or Place io next adjoining, and not io ft*} a ated as aforesaid, as Part of the Dimenlious of such growing, working, or drying Floor, every such Person ior every such Offence shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Brewer or Did tiler who shall remove out of or from any Store, any Quantity of Malt into his or her Brewery or Ditlillery, shall obtain a proper Permit signed by the pio]>er 0Hicer for such Removal, whether such Malt shall have been made by Inch Brewer or Distiller or not; and if any Quantity of Malt ground or unground, mixed or unmixed with any ground or ling round Corn or Grain, whether in a State of manufacturing into Beer or Ale or Spirits or not, shall be found in any Brewery or Diilil-lery, and such Permit signed by the proper Officer, for removing such Malt into such Brewery or Distillevy, shall not, on Demand of any Officer of Excite, or within a reasonable Time after inch Demand he pi educed, then and in every such Case every Brewer or Diilillerin whose Brewery or Ditlillery such Malt shall be so found as aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Mill or Mill Store shall be registered as a Store for keeping Malt, nor any Place which shall have a Communication by internal Doors with or shall be adjoining to that Part of any Distillery, or Brewery where any Keevc or other Vessel for maffiing shall be kept.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time after any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall have discontinued working for the Remainder of any Year, pursuant to the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Forty-lifth Year aforesaid, such Malt Her or Maker of Malt ffiail be deiirous again to work in such Year, it shall and may he lawful for such Mai tiler or Maker of Malt so to do, by and with the Content of the Lid Commissioners of Inland Excise arid Taxes, or any Three of them, on giving Fourteen Days Notice of such his or her Intention so to do to the said Commissioners, and to the Collector or other superior Officer m Charge of the District, and to the Surveyor and Gauger of the Walk; and no other Day shall be mentioned in such Notice than the Twer.ty-sixth Day of forne Month in the Year; and every such Maltileror Maker of Malt shall in such Case be charged and chargeable with, and shall pay Duty in all Respects as such Mahfler or Maker of Malt would have been charged and chargeable with in case such Maltster or Maker of Malt had not given such Notice of Discontinuance for the Remainder of the Year.

VII.*And whereas it is by the said recited Act of the Forty-fifth Year aforesaid, among other Things,

entitled, that no Maltster or Maker of Malt, or other Person whatsoever in Inland, shall mix or cause to be mixed any nnmalted Corn or Grain with Malt made of any Corn or Grain whatsoever, on Pain of forfeiting the*Sum of Ten Pounds for every Offence; be it declared and enacted, That the said Provision shall not extend, or be con ft rued to extend, to any Distiller who shall mix together raw Corn and Malt for the Purpose only of (Milling Spirits therefrom, and that no Distiller shall, on account of such Mixture be liable to the fufJ Penalty, any Thing in the said last recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any superior or other Officer of Excise, or any Officer other than the Surveyor or Gauger in Charge of any Malt-house, fh; dl make any Charge or Surcharge upon any Mahfler or Maker of Malt under the said recited Acts of the Forty-fifth and Forty-sixth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, or any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to the Collcdlionof the Malt Duties, in respect of any Quantity of Malt for which such Mahfler shall by Law be chargeable with Duty, such Charge or Surcharge of Duty shall be a C arge on such Mahfler, and such Maltster shall be chargeable with and shall pay the Duty appearing by such Charge or Surcharge to have become due and payable, in like Manner as he is chargeable or liable to pay any Duty upon any Charge returned or made by the Surveyor or Gauger in Charge of the Malthouse of Inch Maltster, and if any Dispute or Difference shall arise between fuel) Officer and such Maltster touching the Amount of Duty payable on any such Charge or Surcharge, the Officer io making such Charge or Surcharge shall verify the fame by Affidavit in like Manner as other Officers are by the said recited Acts of the Forty-filth and Forty-sixth Years or either of them required to do, and every Charge or Surcharge so made by any Officer other than such Surveyor or Gauger, shall by such Officer be entered diltinclly in the Book of such Surveyor or Gauger, and be separately and dillindlly set forth in the Returns required to be made from Time to Time by such Surveyor or Gauger under the said recited Acts of the Forty-fifth and Forty-sixth Years or either of them.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Malt exceeding in the IV hole the Quantity of Six Stone, shall he carrying or conveying, or carried or conveyed by Land or by Water from Place to Place in Ireland, or shall be found on any Carnage or Beall, or on board any Boat or other Vessel without a proper Permit or Let-Pass, or if the Carrier or Person conveying such Malt, or the Person in whose Puff ffion the same shall be, shall not 011 Demand made by any Officer of Custums or Excise, produce a Permit or Let-Pals under the Hand of the proper Officer, authorizing the Removal of such Malt, then and in every such Case all such Malt, with the Sucks or Packages containing the fume, and also the Beails and Carriages, or the Boat or Vessl containing, carrying, bearing, or drawing the fame, with all Tackle thereto respectively belonging shall be forfeited, and may be feizcu by any Officer or Officers of the Revenue.

X. And be it further enacted, That no Brewer shall at any Time while he ffi; ul carry on the Trade of a Brener, fell or deliver out any Malt to any Person whatsoever, except to Persons brewing Ale or Beer for their cwnpuvate life, and in such Quantities only as such Persons may reasonably con fume within a i\ Tunable Time for making Beer or Ale for their private Use, and for which it shall appear In the Certificate of such Persons or other wise, that such Personsarc in Pofk shun of a proportionate Quantity of Hops for brewing the Line.

Power of G. 3.^53. applied to this Act. j 11."

4b Geo. III. M CAP.

445

Penalty lOOl.

No Mall be. removed into a ilj entry ur JJitulLry without Permit, though imdfc by the Brewer, X. c. Penalty luol.

Mills /lull nrn be Malt

Stores, &c.

After

DUcominuance for Remainder ot a Year, (under 45 a. c. 5*.

§ 31.) Maltster may recommence working o* Notice.

Distillers shall run be luibl* to Penalty under 4: > (i/.l. C.

§4 5. for mivin^ raw( (>n» with Grain.

Surcharge* om Maltster* by fvtj'erior Olfjrert shall l)e as valid as by the Otlict* i 1 Charge.

Her frs,

Carriages, Boat*, \e. conveying Malt without Pvnmi iuiiuted.

Pi*w /lull not

d< Ii out .Malt

to; »uv Persons hut i; 1.11 as brer* f<>r thru |irivai« Ike.

C. 68.

47 G.a.ft,. .17.

48 G. 0. c. 88.

f. 52.»to Allowance* for Accidmw*, repealed.

PiftilleT to prevent Acci*

tlrnts may pro. icte a

Second Still, to be deposited at the Excise 1 )Hlce.

Si'll fodeposited, m: iv be changed

f<r a damaged full.

Distiller shall be chargeable for Still continuing to work

C. 8o, 8r.

48# GEORGII III.

A.D. 1808.

CAP. LXXX.

An Act to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine, and to* amend, several Acts for granting certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Drawback and Bounties on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland*, and to grant new Duties on the Importation of East India Sugar and Foreign Spirits; and to reduce the Duty on British Plantation Coffee imported.

[23d June 1808.]

u 45 G. 3, c. 18. &46G. 3. c. 62. granting Duties of Customs (continued by46G. 3-r. 12; and c. 120. $ 1. — and 47 G. 3. Sess. 2. c. 1.) 47 G.^Jl.z. c. 16. granting other Duties of Customs, recited: Duties

u and Drawbacks under recited Acts continued to 5th July 1809; except Drawbacks and Bounties on Sugar u provided for by 47 G. 3. Self. 1. c. 19. (continued by 48 G. 3. c. 17.) — Regulations in all the recited Acts, lt also continued to said 5th July 1809. §1. Articles entitled to Bounty shall not be liable ta Duty. $2.

" Drawback on British and Irish Salt exported from Ireland 2l. per Bushel. Such Salt shall be exported under 4t Regulations in 46 G. 3. c. 87. $ 71, &c. §3. Duty on East India Sugar imported 1l. 9/, 8W.per cvit. and if Drawback of the Whole on Exportation, in lieu of former Duties and Drawbacks. §4. Duty on British u Plantation Coffee imported into Irelandreduced to 7^ per lb. §5. Duty on Foreign Spirits in Warehouse* on the 10th of June, or imported on the said Day or afterwards, jo J. per Gallon additional. $ 6. Duties and

Drawbacks shall be managed as former Duties, &c. §7, and earned to the Irish Consolidated Fund. $8

u Act may be altered or repealed this Session. §9."

CAP. LXXX I.

An Act to amend the several Acts for the regulating and securing the Collection of the Duty on< Spirits diddled in Ireland.

[23d 1808.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An.

to provide for the regulating and securing the Collect ion of the Duties on Spirits dj/lilled in Ireland,

and the vuarehousing of such Spirits for Exportation: And whereas an Act was made in the Forty-seventh

Year of His present Majesty's Reign to amend the said recited Act of the Forty-sixth Year: And whereas it is expedient that the said recited Acts should be further amended; Be it therefore enacted by the KingV most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and-Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said, recited Act of the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as enacts, that it shall be lawful for any Three of the Commissioners of Excise in Ireland, to reduce or abate the Quantity of Spirits wherewith any Distiller shall be chargeable in any Year, by virtue of the said Act, according to the Number of Weeks or, Days in the said Act mentioned, upon Proof upon Oath, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissionera, thall. some Fatality, such as Fire or any other unavoidable Accident or Misfortune, shall have prevented such. Distiller from working such Number of Weeks or Days, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

II. ' And, for preventing any Injury or Interruption to the Revenue by any Fatalities or Accidents which may hinder any Still from working, be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Distiller in Ireland, from Time to Time, to provide a Second Still of like Dimensions and upon the like Plan with any Still or Stills which such Distiller shall be licensed to keep or use in his Distillery, or as nearly so as may be practicable, and to lodge such Second Still at the Excise Office of the District in which such Distillery shall be situate, to be kept there until the same shall be required by such Distiller to be delivered to him, for the Purpose of being set up and placed in his Distillery, in the Room and Stead of such Still of the like Dimensioni and Plan as may be prevented from working in such Distillery by any Fatality or Accident.

III. And be it further enacted, That no such Second Still shall be delivered to such Distifter until such Distiller shall have deposited at the Excise Office aforesaid, the other Still of like Dimensions and Plan which shall have been prevented from working as aforesaid, and to replace which he demands the Delivery of such Second Still; nor until Notice of such Intention to demand the same shall have been served upon the Surveyor or Gauger in Charge of such Distillery; and the Still which shall be removed from such Distillery into such Excise Office, shall remain there until the same shall be broken up or rendered useless by the Directions of the Proprietor thereof, or until the same shall be delivered, by Order of the Proprietor thereof, to some Brazier for the Purpose of being repaired, sufficient Security being lirft given by Bond to the Collector or other Officer of Excise, that such Still shall be returned to the Excise Office on or before a Day to be for that Purpose appointed by such Collector or Officer, and to be specified in such Bond, and that such Still shall not be uftd for any Purpose whatever before the same shall be returned to the Excise Office; and every Still so repaired IkU be returned to the said Excise Office accordingly for the Proprietor thereof, or for any Person to whom the fame may be disposed of by such Proprietor; and in case such Still after being repaired shall remain at the said Excise Office, for more than Twelve Calendar Months in the Whole, after the Proprietor thereof shall cease to, be licensed, it shall be lawful for the Collector of the District to break up such Still and render the fame useless, and to cause the Materials of such Still to be sold; and the Produce thereof, after deducting all Expences of such Sale, shall be paid by such Collector to the Proprietor of such Still: Provided always, that no Still shall be font to or removed from the Excise Office, without a regular Permit to be duly granted for that Purpose.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller shall remove to the Excise Office any Still which shall have been so prevented from working, in the Course of any Period during which such Still shall be chargeable as working, such Distiller shall nevertheless be and continue charged and chargeable in respect of the lame

I , Number

A.D. 1808.

48° GEORGII III.

C. 81. 447

taken plxc*.

In case of

Diilrcfa by lfiro, &c. Allou'ance* uo«^ )*e made to DiiUllers,

Abatement to DiiUHers pre-

Number of Working, and in all other Respects whatsoever as if no such Removal had taken place, and as if wlf iioftich -such Still had continued uninterruptedly at work: Provided always, that in such Case it may be lawful for ^rttova*ud the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them, to make any Allowance to any Distiller who shall be surcharged in respect of any Waffi, Wort, or Pot Ale, not distilled within the Time allowed by Law.

V. And be it further enacted, That in case the House in which any Still shall be at work shall be suddenly consumed in the Whole or in Part by any Fire therein, or in any adjoining House or Office, whereby any such Still shall have been prevented from working, or in case any sudden Fatality shall have happened to the Still-house or Offices, by the Walls falling or the Roof falling in, it shall be lawful for any Three of the Commissioners of Excise in Ireland to reduce or abate the Quantity of Spirits wherewith any Distiller shall be chargeable, for the Period of Twenty-eight Days, in the Course of which such Fire or sudden Fatality shall have happened, upon Proof upon Oath, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, that by such Fire or Fatality such Distiller shall have been prevented from working the full Number of Twenty-eight Days, and that the Quantity of Spirits charged, exclusive of the Quantity contained in such proposed Abatement, is the full and entire Quantity made in such Still during such Period: Provided always, that Application to the said Commissioners for such Reduction or Abatement shall be made within Fourteen Days after the Expiration of the Period of Twenty-eight Days, in the Course of which such Fire or sudden Fatality shall have happened; and that no Reduction or Abatement ilia) 1 be allowed in respect of any fractional Part of a Day; and that every such Reduction or Abatement shall be first approved of by any Three of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if by reason or in pursuance of any Act made or to be made to pro-

hibit the Ddltllation of Spirits from Corn or Grain, any Still in the Distillery of any Distiller shall at any Time have been prevented or shall be prevented from working for the Whole or any Period of Twenty-eight Days hoia

in the Course of which any such Prohibition shall have commenced, or may commence or take place, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three or more of them, to make such Allowances to such Distiller as shall appear to the said Commissioners to be just and l)i<fiilcric» in the reasonable, such Allowance in no Case exceeding the Amount of Duty computed upon the Quantity of Spirits Course of any remaining undillilled, and necessary to complete the Quantity of Spirits for which any such Distiller shall be Muuth. effectively chargeable for such Period of Twenty-eight Days; and that any Stoppage of any Still by reason SurhStopp#g« or iu pursuance of any such Act to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain, shall be taken and shall be<Wmed a deemed as a Discontinuance by such Distiller, for the Remainder of the Year for which any Licence to such jp'fcoutimuncc Distiller shall be then in force, unless on the Removal of such Prohibition such Distiller shall re-commence working, under any of the Provisions contained in any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the t|lc Year, regulating and securing the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland; and that in case of any such Stoppage by jn

reason or in pursuance of any such Prohibition if any Worts, Waffi, or Pot-Ale, made from Corn, shall be in Diiiillcry at any such Distillery at the Time when such Prohibition shall commence or take place, and such Worts, Waffi. the Time of or Pot Ale, shall not be distilled at the Expiration of Six Days including the Day of brewing and the Day of f«*h St*»pp»?e diddling such Worts, Waffi, or Pot Ale, may be distilled at any Period after the Expiration of the said Six Days; and that no Surcharge shall be made on the Distiller in respect of such Worts, Waffi, or Pot Ale, not being diililled within the said Period of Six Days; any Thing in the said recited Act of the Forty-sixth Year aforesaid to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Low Wines or Spirits shall Diliillation be made, extracted, or distilled in Ireland, from Melasses, or any Mixture with the fame; and that if any from Distiller or other Person in Ireland shall, after the passing of this Act, make, extract, or diilill any Low Inhibited. Wines or Spirits from Melasses, or any Mixture with the fame, or shall brew or prepare any Wort or Waffi

from Melaues, or any Mixture with the fame, for the Purpose of extracting or diililling Low Wines or Spirits, every such Distiller or other Person shall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; and ail Melasses and all Waffi prepared from the same, or any Mixture therewith, and all Low Wines and Spirits made, extracted or distilled therefrom, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act of the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland, asenadlsthat all Sugar Walh which shall not be distilled at the Expiration of Twelve Days, shall be considered as Walh not included in any former Charge against the Distiller, and that such Distiller shall be charged with Disty in respect of such Waffi, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed; and that from and after the passing of this Act all Su^ar Waffi in the Distillery of any Distiller, which shall not be diililled at the Expiration allowed, of Eighteen Days, including the Day of breaking down the Sugar with Water, and the Day of distilling, shall be considered as Waffi not included in any former Charge against such Distiller, and such Distiller shall be charged with Duty in respect of such Waffi, according to the Directions of the said recited Act and this Act, and of any Act in force relating to the Duties on Spirits diililled in Ireland.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in lieu and instead of the Charges under the said tveited Act of the Forty-sixth Year, on any Decrease of Waffi produced from Sugar, or on any Decrease of Low Wines or Singlings produced from such Waffi, the Officer of Excise keeping an Account of Waffi, Pot-Ale, Low Wines, or Singlings, in the Distillery of any Dilliller in Ireland, shall, oil any Decrease of Waffi produced from Sugar, charge the Dilliller for a Quantity of Spirits calculated after the Rate of Twenty-one Gallons of Spirits for every One hundred Gallons of Waffi so decreased, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity of Waffi; and upon any Decrease of Low Wines or Singlings produced from any such Waffi, such Officer shall charge the Distiller for a Quantity of Spirits after the Rate of One Gallon of Spirits for every Two

3 M a Gallons

46 G.a. C. 86. f. 37.a* to Time of iiif-tiHing Su^ar Walh, r*»>ealed; and 18 t

Mode of ral-eulutittg Spirit# or Dcrrcafe of .Sugar Walh, Sic. inffrsui vf that under 46G. U. c. 84. f.47.

Com Spirits, and Su"ar Spirits, shall be kf?pt in separate Warehouses.

Surcharge.*; by fupvrior Otliu rs shall be aa valid a.s by lb* ()dicer in Charge, ike.

40 G. 3. c. 89. $ 19. as to felling W«ifh, &c. repealed; all Wash ftuv.ll be spilled, and all Spirits conveyed to Excise Oitke, &c.

Diflilltr fWt not deliver cut Malt to any but such as brew for private U fc.

Fine of 5o 1. for unlicensed Stills under 47 G. Self. 2. r. 17. § i'i. shall be raised off tiro Towniand only, if fufbeiently known;

and applotted as under said Act,

§a-'G

Where an infi.il'itarit of ate Fanlh, Kt. r*uvie is an < tender of a Mifiemernor, iisuier 40 G. n, f. fcf-i. f. to such I'c.ritli shall be fii: ed only 2 5 I. Under 4 7 G. -i. Svff. '2. C. 17. the whole of

C. Hi.

48° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1808.

Gallons of Low Wines so decreased; and such Officer shall make a Return of the Quantities of Spirits and of the Duties thereon accordingly; and such Distiller shall pay the Duty so charged and returned.

X. And be it further enacted, That no Spirits made or dillilled from Corn shall be deposited, kept, or secured in any Warehouse in which any Spirits made from Sugar shall at the same Time be deposited, kept, or secured; hilt that all such Corn Spirits and Sugar Spirits shall be deposited, kept and secured in separute and distinct Warehouses; and that all such Spiri, s shall be contained in Calks of not less than One hundred Gallons Content, and that there shall be marked on the Head of each Cask the Words " Com S." or " Sugar S." as the Case shall require, and also the Number of Gallons of Spirits in each such Cask at the Time of the floring thereof; and if any Spirits shall be deposited, k*ept or secured in Warehouse contrary to the Provisions of this Act, the same shall be forfeited and may be seized.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Superior or other Officer of Excise, or any Officer other than the Surveyor or Gauger in charge of any Difiillerv, shall make any Charge or Surcharge Upon any Distiller under the said recited Acts of the Forty-sixth and Forty-fc vent h Years, or any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland^ relating to the dilLlling of Spirits, in respect of any Quantity of Spirits for which such Distiller shall by Law be chargeable with Duty, such Charge or Surcharge of Duty shall be a Charge on such Distiller, and such Distiller shall be chargeable with and shall pay the Duty appearing by such Change or Surcharge to have become due and payable, in like Manner as he is chargeable or liable to pay any Duty upon any Charge returned or made by the Surveyor or Gauger in charge of the Distillery of such Distiller; and if any Dii'pure or Difference shall arise between such Officer and such Distiller, touching the Amount of Duty payable on any such Charge or Surcharge, the Officer so making such Charge or Surcharge shall verify the fame by Affidavit, in like Manner as other Officers are by the said recited Act of the Forty-sixth Year required to do; and every Charge or Surcharge so made by any Officer, other than such Surveyor or Gauger, shall by such Officer be entered distinctly in the Book of such Surveyor or Gauger, and be separately and distinctly set forth in the Return required to be made from Time to Time by such Surveyor or Gauger under the said recited Acts of the Forty-sixth and Forty-seventh Years or either of them.

XII. And be it further enacted, That so much o^ the said recited Act of the Forty-sixth Year, as permits or allows any Officer of Excise to fell any Pot-Ale, Wash, Singlings or Low Wines, seized under the said recited Act, to any Iieenfed Distiller or other Person, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed; and that all Pot-Ale, Wash, Singlings or Low Wines seized, under the said recited Act or this Act, or any other Act relating to Spirits di(tilled in Ireland, shall immediately upon Seizure thereof be spilled, destroyed or rendered totally life less; and that all Spirits fiized under any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, shall be carried and conveyed to the Excise Office of the DHlrift, and shall there be disposed of in such Manner oaly as the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes (by and with the Approbation of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of Ireland, ) shall from Time to Time order, direct; and appoint; and that the Officers or Persons seizing such Wash, Pot-Ale, Low Wines or Spirits, shall receive such Recompence and Reward for seizing the same as the said Commissioners of Excise, by and with the Approbation of any Three Commissioners of the Treasury of Ireland shall order and dm ft.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Distiller while he shall carry on the Trade of a Distiller, shall fell or deliver out any Malt to any Person whatsoever, except to Persons brewing Ale or Beer for their own private Use, and in such Quantities only as such Persons may reasonably consume within a rea fun able Time for making Beer or Ale for their private Use, and for which it shall appear by the Certificates of such Persons or otherwise, that such Persons arc in Poffi ffion of a proportionate Quantity of Hops for brewing the same.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where under and by virtue of the said recited Acts of the Forty-sixth and Forty-seventh Years of His present Majesty's Reign the Court, at any Assizes or presenting Term, shall fine any Parish, Towniand, Manor or Lordship in the Sum of F fty Pounds, on account of any unlicensed Still or Part of a Still, or Appendage to a Still, or any Worm, or other Utensil for dialling Spirits, or any Wash, Pot-Ale, Low Wino3 or Singlings, having been found or used in any Place within such Parish, Towniand, Manor or Lordship, such Court shall direct the Treasurer of the County, County of a Town or City, to issue his Warrant for levying the said Sum of Fifty Pounds off the Towniand only, within which such Place shall be situate, if it shall be made appear to the Satisfaction of such Court, that such Towniand is a known and certain Division of a Parish, Manor, or Lordship, and that the Shears and Bounds of such Town-land are fully ai d clearly ascertained; and such Fine or Sum of Fifty Pounds shall in such Case he applotted upon and raised HT such Towniand only, exclufm* of any other Part of any Parish, in such Manner and according to such Rules and Regulations as are mentioned and contained in the said Act of the Fovtv-seventh Year aforesaid: Provided always, that if no fitch AppJotmont or no sufficient Applotment shall be made on such Towniand, such Fine shall be levied ns is directed by the said Act of the Fortydeveuth Year, in Cuffs* where no Applotment is made under the said recited Act.

XV.*And whereas by the said recited Act of tike Forty-sixth Year of His present Mnjfthft Re: gn, it is enacted, that if any Person in JrJ.and shall make use of any Still, Stillhead or Worm, for ddblling, or shall make or diilil any Low Wines, Singlings or Spirits, or shall brew, make or ferment any Wash, Worts or Pot

Ale, wherewith and with the Intent to diflil Low Wines, Singlings or Spirits, without having a Licence in force* pursuant to Law for distilling, every such Person shall be deemed and taken to be guilty of a Mil vie meaner,

and shall be ifnable on Conviction as in the said Act is mentioned; Be it enacted, That whenever any Offender shall have been tried and convicted for any such Offence, by the Evidence of any Inhabitant (not being an Officer of Exc fe) of the Parish, Towniand, Manor, or Lordship in which the Place shall be iiluate whoe furh Offi-nce was committed, upon an Information given by such Inhabitant, before any other Information for the said Ollence shall have been given to a Magistrate, the Court before whom such Conviction shall be had, at any AiTizes or presenting Term, shall fine such Parish, Towniand, Manor or Lordlkip on account of Inch

Offence,

1

i

A.D. 1808.

48" GEORGII III. C. 81.

Offence, in the Sum of Twenty-five Pounds only, such Fine to be recovered and levied in like Manner as by the said recited Act of the Forty-seventh Year and this Act is directed with respect to the Fine of Fifty Pounds herein-before mentioned; and no Part of such Fine or Sum of Twenty five Pounds shall be applied to the Society for difeountenancing Vice and promoting Virtue in the City of Dublin, nor to the Treasurer of any Publick Infirmary or Hospital of any County, Town or City, but the Whole of such Fine or Sum of Twenty-five Pounds shall be applied and paid by the Treasurer of the County, County of a Town or City, to such Inhabitant who shall have so given the First Information, and by whole Evidence such Conviction shall have been had; or to the Jufliee of the Peace before whom such Information shall have Ivcn made, to be by him applied in rewarding such Informer, or otherwise promoting the Suppression of private Stillo within his Jurisdiction according to the Direction of the Court.

XVI.*And whereas no Still can by Law be licensed in Ireland of less Dimensions than Two Hundred

Gallons Content, except Stills kept and used at Apothecaries* Hall in Dublin, and Stills of Twelve Gallons 'Content for certain Purposes, and Stills for rectifying or compounding Spirits; Be it therefore enacted,

That if any Still, the Body whereof without the Head or any other Appendage thereto, shall be capable of con- ^ny per{*on tabling more than Twelve Gallons, and shall not be capable of containing Two hundred Gallons at the lead, or wljf (ever may any Head or Worm belonging to any Still of any such Dimensions, shall be found in any Place whatever (except fmeand destroy Apothecaries* Hall aforesaid) or in the Possession of any Person whomsoever mot being a licensed Rectifier or ijbgaf Soils, and Compounder of Spirits) the same shall be forfeited and may be seized; or if any Still not exceeding Twelve

Gallons Content, or any Head or Worm belonging to any Still of such Content, shall be found in any Place foun<l in Custodj

whatever, or in the Possession of any Person whomsoever (except at Apothecaries* Hall Dublin, or in the Custody of uslicrnfed

of some licensed Chemist, Apothecary, Druggifl, Brazier, or other Person duly licensed to have such Twelve Persons, &c-

Gallon Still', or if any Still capable of containing more than Two hundred Gallons, shall be found in any Place whatever, without being duly licensed, the same shall be forfeited and may be seized; and it shall be lawful for any Person whatever who shall find or discover any Still, Stillhead, or Worm of a Still, in anyplace

whatsoever, except on the Road from or ioa Brazier or Maker or Mender of Stills under proper Permits, or

in the Poff ffion of any Person whomsoever (except a Brazier or Person following the Trade of making or repairing Stills without a sufficient Licence being produced at the Time for keeping the fame, to seize and to

dcilroy the fame, and to convey the Material* thereof to the Excise Office of the Dillrid, or to deliver the fame

to the next resident Officer of Excise, who shall take the fame into his Custody, and secure the fame in like Manner as if the fame had been seized by him; and it shall in like Manner be lawful for any Person whomsoever

to seize any Spirits, Low Wines, Singlings, Wash, Pot-Ale, Malt or Corn, and all Materials for making

Spirits found in the Custody of any unlicensed Person, or of any Person whatever not entitled by Law to iiave

the fame in their Possession, and to spill, or destroy any Worts, Wash, Pot-Ale, Low Wines or Singlings so

found, and to convey all Spirits, Malt, or Corn so found to the Excise Office of the Dillrid, or to the next

refuient Officer of Excise, to be d alt with according to Law; and every Person in whose Possession any such

Still, Stillhead or Worm of a Still, or Spirits, Low Wines, Singlings, Wash, Pot-Ale, or Materials for

waking Spirits shall be so found, shall be subject to the like Penalties as if the lame had been found by an OxFicer

of Excise.

XVII. 1 And, in order to deter Persons from assisting in the private and fraudulent dillilling of Spirits in Persons foondlir

Ireland, 1 be it further enacted, That whenever any Officer or Officers of Excise, or any other Person whatever any PIa<cwith shall find or discover any unlicensed Still, or Part of or Appendage to a Still, or any Worm or Utensil for»w illr^l rmll, (Milling Spirits, or any Wash, Pot-Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, the using or having whereof shall subject

the Persons who shall use or have the fame, or the Parish, Manor, Lordship or Townland within which the fame c

shall be used or found, to any Penalty', Forfeiture or Punishment under the said recited AdU of the Forty-sixth btfurea Justicev aid Forty-seventh Years aforesaid, or either of them, it shall be lawful for such Officer or Officers of Excise or other Person, and for all Persons acting in his or their Aid, to flop, arrest and detain all and every Person,

and Persons found and discovered in any House, or at any Place where such Still, or Part of or Appendage to a Still, or such Worm or other Utensil for distilling Spirits shall be found or uled, or where such Worts, Wash,

Pot-Ale, Low Wines or Singlings shall be found, and to convey all and every such Person and Persons before a Jufliee of the Peace for the County, City, Town or Place within which such Person or Persons shall be discovered as aforesaid, in order that such Person or Persons may be dealt with by such Justice according to Law, or bound oxer to appear and give Evidence on any Trial which may be had for such Offence, or on any Information, respecti ig the same.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That any Rewards or Allowances or Share of Penalty to be given, Officer* ftmUbs' paid, or made to any Officer or Officers of Excise, who shall have seized any Still or Stills, or any' Plead or rewarded only Worm of a Still, or any Appendage to a Still, shall in every Case be proportionate only to the State of c to the*

Serviceableness of such Still, Stillhead, Worm, or Appendage respectively; and that if the same are entirely ^T^'^, leuei4 unfervic< aMe, no Reward, Allowance, or Share of Penalty whatever shall be given, paid or made to the Officer who fhril have seized the fame; any Thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, powers Of Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures and Modes of Recovery thereof, provided, mentioned and contained in the rcvit<«l Ad*

said recited Acts of the Forty-sixth and Forty-seventh Years aforesaid, for the regulating and securing the extended to* Collection of the Duties on Spirits diihlled in Ireland shall be applied and put in Practice in the Execution of Adfc. this Act, as felly and efFcdually to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if all the said Clauses, Rules,

Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures had been expressly repeated and re-enacted in this Act; and"that the f .id recited Acts and this Act shall be construed together as one Ad, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, so far as the same are compatible or coafiHent with each other, and as the said recited Ada art amended and altered by this Act,

Tdtfgle

449

which shall be jiaid to the Informer, &c.

450

40 G. 3. (I.) c. 68.

430.3. r. 97. §1-9-

44 G. 3. c. 103, §16, 17.

45G. 3. c. 30. made perpetual.

No Permit* shall be granted except in consequence of Request-Notes duly flantped, &c. ibcc4 8 6: .*. c. 41.

"Fequest-Note*

no; iiamped and }\ »niits thereon shall be ruid.

Penalty on granting or obtaining or 'using false Pc rmiis,

Felony, Seven Years Trans- ^ortation, vVc.

No Hop* ftttU 'be conveyed without PtHnit.

No Tobacco shall be removed

out of

Warehouse, except for JEx por>ation or to Kjtail Pealer, &c.

37 3. (I.)

c. 42.

C. 82.

48" GEORGII in.

CAP. LXXXII.

A.I5. 180?,

An Act to make perpetual and to amend .several Acts for the better regulating the issuing and granting of Permits and Certificates, for the Conveyance and Protection of certain Exciseable Goods in Ireland.

[23d June 1808.]

WHEREAS the Acts and Provisions herein after mentioned will expire on the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and eight; and the fame having been found useful aid beneficial, it is expedient that they should be made perpetual; Be it therefore enacted by the King'* mot Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Common*, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for better regulating the issuing and granting of Permits and Certificates for the Conveyance and Protection of certain Exciseable Goods therein mentioned; and to prevent Frauds by Dealers in or Retailers of such Goods; and also so much of an Act, made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to amendfeveral AS: of Parliament for the better Collection and Security of His Majesty's Revenue of Customs and Excise in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein, and to make further Regulations relating thereto, as amends the said recited Act of the Fortieth Year aforesaid; and also so much of an Act, made in the Forty-fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for making Regulations for the better Collection and Security of His Majestfs Revenue of Customs and Excise in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein, as prohibits the giving oft Certificate for any foreign Wine by any importing Merchant in any Port in Ireland; and also an Act, made in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for continuing the said recited Act of the Parliament of Ireland of the Fortieth Year aforesaid, and for amending the fame, so far as the fame respectt Permits for Spirits or Spirituous Liquors, shall be and the same are hereby made perpetual.

II.*And whereas certain Stamp Duties have been imposed in the present Session of Parliament on Requeib t Notes or Requisitions for Permits and Certificates relative tc any Exciseable or other Goods, in lieu of former

Stamp Duties on Permits and Certificates; be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Time wheoi Stamp Duty shall be payable on such Requell-Notes or Requisitions, no Permit, rior any Certificate of or grounded on any Permit, shall be granted by any Officer employed by or acting under the Commissionen of Customs, or the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, nor by any other Person or Persons empowered to grant any such Permit or Certificate, until a Request-Nc: e or Requisition in Writing shall have been delivered by or on Behalf of the Party requiring such Permit or Certificate respectively, and that every such Request-Note or Requisition shall be duly stumped according to Law; and that such Request-Notcor Requisition shall be attached, by the Officer granting such Permit or Certificate, to the Duplicate of fudi permit or Certificate, retained in the Costody of such Officer.

III. And be it further enacted, That all such Request-Notes and Requisitions, not duly stamped, shall be actually void; and any Permit or Certificate, granted in pursuance of any such Requisition or Requeil-Note* not duly stamped, or which shall be granted without a Request-Note or Requisition being delivered in Manner required by this Act, shall be actually void, and shall not protest any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize mentioned in such Permit or Certificate.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person whatever shall fraudulently, or without being duly authorized thereto, issue or give out, or cause to be issued or given out, or be aiding or alfilling in issuing or giving out any Blank Permit, or any Permit not duly authorized by a preceding Request-Note; or flail Ell up any Blank Permit, not duly authorized by a preceding Request-Note; or if any Person shall fill uporiffue any Permit not corresponding to or answering with the Duplicate thereof in the Possession of the Officer; or if any Person shall obtain or make use of any Permit so unduly or fraudulently issued; such Person, so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall be transported for the Term of his or bet Life, or for the Term of Seven Years, or be sentenced to receive such other less Punishment, as the Court who fi>all try such Person shall direct.

V. And be it further enacted, that from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the passing of this Act# no Quantity of Hops, exceeding in Weight Fifty-six Pounds, shall be carried or conveyed from any one Place io another in Ireland, without a Permit or Let pass for the fame; and that all Hops, exceeding in Weight Fifty-six Pounds, which shall be carrying or conveying, or carried or conveyed from any Part or Place lfl Ireland, to any other Part thereof, whether from any Part of a City or Town to another Part thereof, or from one Town or Place to another Town or Place, may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Customs or Excise, and shall be forfeited, unless the Carrier or Person conveying such Hops, or the Person in whose Possession the same shall be, shall, on Demand by any Officer of Customs or Excise, produce a Permit or Let-pass in force under the Hand of some Officer of Customs or Excise, authorizing the Removal of such Hops; and that all such Permits shall be granted under such Rules and Regulations as are prescribed in and by the said recited Act of the Fortieth Year aforesaid, for regulating the issuing and granting of Permits and Certificates ii the several Cases in the said Act mentioned.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Tobacco shall at any Time be removed out of the Custody of any Officer or Officers of the Customs, or from any Warehouse in which the same shall have been lodged and secured under and by virtue of an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for regulating and extending the Tobacco Trade, and for securin? the Duties payable on the Import and Manufacture of Tobacco, except for Exportation, or into the Stock of a Licented Manufacturer of Tobacco; and that whenever such Tobacco shall be intended to be removed into the Stoci of such Manufacturer, the Permit granted by the proper Officer of the Customs for so removing the fame W

A.D. 1808.

48° GEORGII III.

C. 82, 83. 4

out of the Custody of the Customs, Permit* shall be g» anted which shall be lodged at the Excii'e Uihc e.

?r-

h?

ai*

2S

w

if-'

p

t

i

1

If Commi/fiooew-

be lodged in the Excise Permit Office of the Port from whence such Tobacco is to be removed, by the Person to whom such Permit shall be granted, or his Clerk or Agent, and the Excise Permit Officer there shall thereupon grant to the Person to whom such Custom Permit was granted, in lieu of the said Cu/lom Permit, an Excise Permit; for removing such Tobacco into the Stock of the Manufacturer mentioned in such Custom Permit 5 and such Excise Permit Officer shall annex to the Duplicate of the Permit granted by him the Custom Permit upon which the fame was granted.

VII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Exciseable Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or any On Remora! of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatever imported into Ireland, and for the Removal of which from any one Excif«M« Goods Place to another a Permit is by Law required, shall be intended to be removed out of the Custody of any Officer or Officers of the Customs, or from any Warehouse in which the same shall have been lodged and secured,

Permit shall be granted by the Permit Officer of the Customs at the Port from which such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize are to be removed; and that upon the Arrival of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize at the Place of Destination, the Person to whom the same shall be sent, or his Clerk or Agent, shall, within Twenty-four Hours (or in case a Sunday, Christmas Day or Good Friday shall intervene, within Forty-eight Hours) after the Arrival of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize at the Place of their Destination, or after the Time limited in such Permit, lodge such Permit at the Excise Permit Office or with the Surveyor or Officer of Excise, and obtain a Certificate thereof, ligned by such Officer, in such Manner as by the said recited Act of the Fortieth Year for regulating the issuing and granting of Permits and Certificates is required with respect to Permit8 obtained under the said recited Act; and if any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall be removed from or out of the Custody of any Officer or Officers of the Customs, or from or out of any Warehouse without such Permit as is by this Act required, the same shall be forfeited and may be seized; and such Certificate shall be in force and shall be renewed in like Manner as is required with respect to Certificates under the said recited Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland shall, at -

iny Time after the passing of this Act, provide Moulds or Frames for the making of Paper to be used for Permits of Excise provide for the Removal of Exciseable Commodities, or for Certificates of such Permits, or for Tickets to be affixed on Moulds, Paper any Ca/k or Package removed under Permit, or for Receipts for Taxes, with any Words or Figures viftble innd, yPf# f<, r the Substance of such Paper, and shall also provide Plates engraved with certain Stamps, Marks, and Devices,

or shall have Types call in any peculiar Form for the printing, stamping and marking the said Paper, all Permits, panted whh such Certificates and Tickets for the Purposes aforesaid, and all Receipts for Taxes, shall be printed by the said Plates Types on such or Types on Paper so made; which said Paper shall be made, and the said Plates engraven, and Types cait by Pap^r, by such Person or Persons as shall be for that authorized and appointed by the said Commissioners, or any jwhonfed Three of them, under their Hands and Seals. <ru>n*'

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Person9, not authorized and appointed by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, and not for the Use of the said Commissioners, shall make, or cause or procure to be made, or shall knowingly aid or assist in the making, or without being so authorized or appointed, shall knowingly have in his, her or their Custody or Possession, without lawful Excuse (the Proof whereof shall be on the Person ccufed) any Frame, Mould or Instrument for the making of Paper, with the Words, Marks or Devices peculiar to and appearing in the Substance of the Paper used by the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes for such Permits, Certificates, Tickets and Receipts; or if any Person (except as before excepted) shall make, or cause or maVinc any or procure to be made, or knowingly aid or affiil in the making any Paper, in the Substance of which the Words, such Pap«r, Marks or Devices peculiar to or appearing in the Substance oi the Paper used by the said Commissioners for such

Permits, Certificates, Tickets or Receipts shall be viftble; or if any Person (except as before excepted)/hall know- or having any ingly have in his or her Custody or Possession, without lawful Excuse (the Proof whereof shall be on the Person

accused) any Paper whatsoever, in the Substance of which the Words, Marks or Devices peculiar to and appear- 0

ing in the Substance of Paper used by the said Commissioners for such Permits, Certificates, Tickets or Receipts or cauJ-intr for Taxes shall be visible; or if any Person (except as before excepted) shall by any Art, Myilery, or Con- Words ufrdby trivance, cause or procure, or knowingly aid or assist in causing or procuring the Words, Marks or Devices pecu- K\cift CMr* tp liar to and appearing in the Substance of the Paper used by the said Commissioners for such Permits, Certificates,JTei, r , u Tickets or Receipts, to appear viftble in the Substance of any Paper whatever; or if any Person (not authorized*or appointed as aforesaid) shall engrave, call, cut or make, or cause to be engraven, call, cut or made any Plate,

Type or other Thing, in Imitation of or to resemble any Plate or Type made or used by the Direction of the said Commissioners for the Purpose of marking or printing of the Paper to be used for such Permits, Certificates, Tickets or Receipts; every Person, so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall be adjudged a Felon,

And shall be transported for the Term of his or her Life, or for the Term of Seven Years, as the Court who shall try such Person shall direct.

X. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures contained in the said recited Act of the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the issuing and granting of Permits 40G. a. (I.) and Certificates, shall be applied and put in force in the Execution of this Act, as fully and e lie it u ally as if the c*

lame were repeated and re-enacted in this Act, except so far as the same are expressly altered or repealed by Act. this or any other Act or Act s.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An Act for raising the Sum of Seven hundred and fifty thousand Pounds by way of Annuities for the Service of Ireland* [23d June 1808.]

Contributors for every 100l. shall be entitled to 135l. in the Irlfb 3} per Cente* from 25 January 1807. §

Forging Receipts or Debentures! Felooy without Clergy. $17.' Q HJ*

Penalty on

unauthorized

Persons making. Or having fuel* Moulds;

or erurrav.ng or matin*: tuy such PUu or Ty pe. I vlony i Seven Y*rs

TranlpunatioM,

&c.

Pou-en of

A.D. 1808.

452

47 G. 3.

bell. 2. c. 60.

§1.

I 2.

Licence* pranrrd tinker recited .Vt to YcflVK exceeding 50 Tons declared valid.

5uch Licences rosy be renewed within 10 \ears of the Due of thehirll Licence.

Surh Vessels shall be navigated by a certain Proportion of Men according to their Tonnage.

43 G. 3. c. 160.

45 G. 3. c. 72.

VelTrls I raving Letters of Marque under &id Acts, deemed Vessels lice11 fed under 47G.3.1L2.C. 66.

Warrant or Non-

coniimflioued Odicera of the Army may Hop Utkuueis under

C. 84. 48° GEORGII III.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An Act: for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, to make more effectual Prc.vision for the Prevention of Smuggling; and for regulating the Periods for cancelling and delivering up certain Bonds relating to the Revenue of Customs.

[23d June 1808.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the la ft Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to malt more effectual P10*

vision for the Prevention of Smuggling 1 And whereas it is expedient that feme of tin* Provisions of the said Act flumld be amended, and that further Provisions should be made for the more effectual earthing the tad

Act into Execution, and that certain other Provisions contained in other Acts relating to the Revenue of Customs should be also amended: And whereas by the said recited Act certain Vessels therein described exceeds ing the Burthen of Fifty Tons, and rigged as Luggers, are made subject to Forfeiture: And whereas the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland and Ireland respectively, did, after the passing of the L: J

Act, grant Licences to the Owners of such Vessels who were desirous of navigating the fame for the Purposes of the said Act mentioned, and other lawful Purposes, although the Provisions of the said A Cl applied only to Vessels not exceeding the Burthen of Fifty Tons; and it isexpedient that all such Licences should be made valid: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Coinniiflioners, and all Persons acting under their Authority and Direction, in granting any Licence shall be and they are hereby indemnified, and all such Licences are hereby declared and shall be deemed to be good and valid from the Period of granting thereof, and the Provisions of the said Act as to granting such Licence shall from the Day on which the said Act passed, extend and be construed to extend to all Vessels rigged and fitted as Luggers exceeding the Burthen of Fifty Tons by Admeasurement, ami by the said Act before made liable to Forfeiture, and not to Vessels therein described under the Burthen of Fifty Tons; any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners respectively, at any Time within Ten Years from the Date of the First Licence granted under this Act in respect of any such Lugiferas aforesaid, to renew any such Licenceto the Owner or Owners of any such Vessel, on Proof to their Sathtiiction of the Ownership of such Vessel having been changed by Death or otherwise; any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no such Lugger as aforesaid, exceeding the Toniuye of Fifty Tons, shall have on board or be navigated by a greater Number of Men, (Officers and Boys included, } than in the following Proportions; that is to say,

If of Eighty Tons or under, and above Sixty Tons, Eleven Men:

If of One hundred Tons or under, and above Eighty Tons, Twelve Men:

And if above One hundred Tons, One Man for every Ten Tons of such additional Tonnage:

And in case any such Lugger shall be found or discovered to have been within the Limits or Di(lances in the said recited Act mentioned, having on board any greater Number of Men than in the Proportion aforesaid, every such Lugger, and all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Army, Navy, or Marines, or of the Customs or Excise, and shall and may be prosecuted as Vessels forfeited under the said recited Act may be prosecuted; provided, that nothing herein eontained shall extend to any Ship, Vessel, or Boat exempted in the said recited Act from the Provisions therein contained, respecting the Number of Men by which such Ship or Vessel or Boat may be navigated.

IV. 4 And whereas Doubts have arisen whether any Licence is required for the navigating of any Vessel for which a Commission or Letter of Marque hath been granted and remains in force under an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Stamen, arj for the better and more effectually Manning His Majesty's Navy; for regulating the Payment of Prize Mercy; tmd for making Provision for the Salaries of the Judges of the Pice Admiralty Courts in the Iflatul of Malta, and in the Bermuda and Bahama IJl>nds; or under an Act passed in the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the belter and more efteduiilly Aimin' 4 His Majesty's Navy during the present I Car; be it therefore declared and enacted, That every Ship and Vessel for which a Commission or Letter of Marque hath been or shall be granted under the said recited Acts of the Forty-third and Forty-fifth Years respectively, shall for and during the Time that such Commission or Letter of Marque shall remain in force be deemed and taken to be a Ship or Vessel licensed under the Provisions of the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, and any other Act relating to Licences of Vessels, and shall not be subject to Forfeiture for any Matter or Thing in respect of which a Licence is required by Law, although the Owner or Owners shall not have any Licence from the Commissivuiers of His Majesty's Customs.

V. 4 And whereas Doubts have arisen whether Non-commissioned Officers of the Army, empowered and authorized under the Provisions of the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, to patrol for the Prevention of Smuggling, are empowered to flop, arrest, and detain Persons liable to he flopped, anvited,

and detained, under the Laws in force for the Prevention of Smuggling, and it is expedient to remove such Doubts; be it therefore declared and enacted, That all the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, and Clauics contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament passed for the Prevention of Smuggling in relation to the flopping, arresting, and detaining any Persons liable to be flopped, arrested, or detained under the said recited Act r»f the 4aft Session of Parliament, or any other Act or Acts passed for the Prevention of Smuggling, shall extead and

3

A.D. 1808.

453

48° GEORGII III. C. 84.

be deemed and confirmed to extend to every Warrant and Non-commissioned Officers of His Majesty's Army, not being below the Rank of a Serjeant, who hath been or shall be approved of by the Officer for the Time being commanding the Regiment in which he serves, as proper and qualified to patrol for the Purpose of preventing illicit Practices on the Revenue, under the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament.

VI. And be it further er.acted, That every Officer or other Person making Seizure of any Spirits, Tobacco, or Snuff, who shall also anvil, ilop, and detain any One or more of the Persons found on board of any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, in or on board of which such Spirits, Tobacco, or Snuff, shall have been or shall be brought, found, or seized, and shall take and carry him or them, being a Seaman or Seamen, a Seafaring Man or Seafaring Men, to any Ship or Vessel of War in His Majesty's Service, or to the Custody of any Officer employed in Ills Majesty's Iuiprcfs Service, under the Powers, Authorities, and Provisions contained in the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, shall be entitled to and shall have and receive the like Reward, in Proportion to the Value oi the Spirits, Tobacco, or Smifl, seized, as if such Person or Persons were carried before One or more of PI is Majesty's Justices of the Peace.

VII.*And whereas it is expedient that the Pruviiioa contained in an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Plis late Majesty King George the Second, in relation to the seizing Spirits and Tea offered for Sale by Persons not having Permit, and Piawkers and Pedlars and Persons going from House to Huufc, should be repealed, and more effectual Provision made in relation thereto; be it therefore further enacted, That the said Provision in the said Act contained shall be and the fame is hereby repealed: And from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person shall offer for Sale any Tea, Brandy, Rum, Geneva, or other Foreign Spirits, or any Tobacco or Snuff, not being liceufed to deal therein, and not having a Permit for the fame, or if any Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman, or other trading Person or Persons going from Town to Town, or to oilier Men's Houses, and trading either on Foot or with any Korfe or I lories or other Cattle, or o: herwife, within the Kingdom of Great Bnta': ny shall offer for Sale any Tea, Brande, Rum, Geneva, or other Spirits, or any Tobacco or Snuff, although he shall have a Permit for the fame, it shall he lawful for the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be fu offered for Sale to flop, arrest, and detain the Person so offering the fame for Sale, and to seize all such Tea, Brandy, Rum, Geneva, or other Spirits, Tobacco and Snuff, and carry the same to the next Warehouse, belonging to the Customs or Excise, and to carry the Person so offering the fame for Sale before' any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, who may thereupon require such Person to enter into Recognizance, in Manner directed by the said Act of the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and such Person shall thereupon be subjrcl to all the Provisions in the said Act contained, in relation to Recognizances taken from Persons lei/.ed as Smugglers, and (.if the Offender shall lie a Subject of His Majesty artl a Seaman or Seafaring Man, and capable of serving in His Majesty's Navy) may fend Inch Person to the Custody of some Officer of the Impref*. Service, by him to be dealt with according to the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, or otherwise to be by such Justice committed to Prison, and prosecuted for the Penalties and Forfeitures incurred for such Offence, and such 'l'ea, Brandy, Rum, Geneva, and other Spirits Tobacco and Snuff, may be prosecuted in the Name of the Person or Persons who so flopped and seized the fame, in like Manner as if the said Goods had been seized by an Officer of the Customs or Excise, and after Condemnation of the Goods or Commitment of the Offender, the Person or Persons having seized inch Goods, and detained such Pei foil lo offering the lame for Sale, shall be entitled to Five Pounds, if one Moiety of the Value at which such Goods shall becilimated and fixed as in the said recited Act nfthclaft Session of Parliament mentioned, shall not exceed such Sum of Five Pounds; and if a Moiety of such Value shall exceed Five Pounds, then a Moiety of such Value, which the Commissioners of the Customs and Excise respectively are to cauie to be paid in like Manner as Rewards arc paid under the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament; and such Person or Persons so arresting any such Offender shall also he entitled to such further Rewards as by any Law nowin force are given to any Officer or Non-commissioned Officer of His Majesty's Army, Navy, or Marines, for flopping, arrclling, and detaining any Offender against any Act or Acts of Parliament passed for the Prevention of Smuggling.

VIII.*And whereas by the said recited A<fl of the last Session of Parliament, Justices of the Peace are empowered to take Cognizance of Offences and Forfeitures committed or arising on the High Seas, and

without the Limits of the County, City, Town, or Place, of and in which they act as such Justices of the

Peace; and it is expedient that like Power ffioitld be given to His Majesty's Court of King's Bench, and to

Justices of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery respectively be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, in all Cases in which His Majesty's Court of King's Bench, or any Just ice or Justices of Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery, are empowered to take Cognizance of any Assault or Obilnuftiou of any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, Army, Navy", or Marines, or of any Felony or other Offence agaiuil, or of any Forfeiture incurred, under any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, or hereafter to be made relating to the Revenue of Customs or Excise, it shall he lawful for the said Court of King's Bench, and for such Justice or Justices of Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery for any County, City* Town, or Place respectively, to take Cognizance of such Assault or Ohftructions, Felonies, Offences, or Forfeitures, as if the fame Affuults or Obflructious, Felonies, or Offences had been committed, or the fame Forfeiture or Forfeitures had been incurred on Land within the respecthe Jurisdictions of the said Court or Justices

IX. And be it further enacted, That ail Persons, being Subjects of His Majesty, who shall, after the First Lay ot slttgujl One thousand eight hundred and eight, voumtaniv and without 11 is Majesty's Licence, or the Licence of His Majesty's Pri. v Council, or of One of His Mu tlly's Principal Secretaries of State, or of the I*retl Lord of the Admiralty, or other sufficient lawful Authority, 'and without any fulfil iont Excuse for the fame, proceed and fail in any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, to any Road or Harbour upon the Coast of any of 11 is Majesty's Enemies, or shall be found in any Ship, Velfi!, or Boat lying on the Co*ft or jn auv Road or Harbour

4$ Gc<>. III. ?N of any Act relating to Smuggling* [.S«? 4 7 G. : j.

Jt. '2. c. 06. §'30 I

Persons miking Seizures, who flail carry Seamen t«i any Ship of War, &c. shall i»f rewarded, as under 47 G.H. ft. 2. c. G6. §20.

OG e c.as.§'U>. relating to Si izuje* of Spiriu anJ Tea, rrjnalzd.

I nlkeufed rf' -ua offering lor S»l*' am Te* 01 Spirits, &r. wj'lvwit Vermir, to, ! H o', kers.ikc. so o\u nn«; toe Sale Tea or Spirit*, &c. tlem^h they have ]\ r.nir*, may he Hooped, and tak*n hidore a md

procrr-Vd against as u d'-r 4

4ft.2. c. 66.

§ 46, ike.

Kind's TWwJl,

Sa.ma\ take

(){V« nces against ('viflotns and Excite on the H alt Sm. f 47 O. -3. ji.'l. r.on.

l1* nth' on IV rf'-ns jf 1 my ur.thvnfed \lTcl on T .nm\

oust, iC. h.l\ in£ Sj : iit* lea, Toh.vzco, or Snuff on

A.D. 1808.

board, See, Felony and Transportation,

Trial of such Offences.

Offenders may be bad td by Superior Courts.

450.n. c. 121. &47 G.a. ft. 2. c. 66. so 1 r as applicable ro Guernsey, See. extended to > lan. [Act' 4 5 G. 3. c. 121. § a, 4, b, 6, 10, fcf 13.

Bonds entered into relating to the Custo'.ns thafl remain in force Two Years from the Time limited for Performance of the Condition.

[5ff fiat. 16 G. 3. c. 48. §2.] Bonds on granting Licences shall not he cancelled till Licences shall have been delivered up 12 Months.

f 39(7.3. c. 100.

C. 84, 85, 86. 48 GEORGII III.

of any Country belonging to His Majesty's Enemies, without any such Licence or Authority, or sufficient Excuse as aforesaid, or under the Protection of any Batteries or other Force on such Coasts, or under the Protedioo of any Vessel belonging to His Majesty's Enemies, having on board or having had on board on such Voyage, or being in such Harbour, or upon iucnCoaft, or under the Protection of such Batteries, with Intent to take on board any Spirits, Tea, Tobacco, or Snuff, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall be liable to be transported for any Term not exceeding Seven Years.

X. And be it further enacted, That any such Offence as last aforesaid may be alleged, laid, enquired of, and tried in any County, Shire, or Stewartry of this Realm.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person shall be committed for any Offence against this Act to any Common Gaol or Place, there to remain till delivered by due Course of Law, it shall be lawful for any of the Justices of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, or for any of the Barons of the Exchequer, being of the Degree of the Coif, or for the Lord Justice Clerk, or any the Commissioners of Justiciary in Scotland, if upon Application made he shall think it reasonable, to admit such Person to Bail, he or she giving sufficient Security for his or her Appearance to answer the Matters wherewith he or she shall be charged.

XII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said Two recited Acts of the Forty-fifth and Forty-seventh Years of His present Majesty' Reign, and of this Act, and all the Penalties, Forfeitures, Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and Things therein contained, as are applicable and extend to the Islands of Guernsey, Jerfet, and Alderney y shall, from ana after the passing of this Act, extend and be deemed and construed to extend to the Isle of Man9 in as full and ample Manner as the fame extend to the said Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney, and as if the said Isle had in the said recited Acts been expressly named with the said Islands in all the Clauses and Provisions in which the said Islands are mentioned.

47 G. 3^ f. 66. n, 12, m, & 31.]

XIII.*And whereas Bonds and Securities taken by Officers relating to the Revenue and Business of Hii

Majesty's Customs (except Bonds taken for Duties on Payment of Money, or for the good Behaviour of

Officers in the Execution of their Duty) are, by an Act passed in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, made and declared to be void if no Prosecutions shall be commenced for the Breach or Non- performance of any Covenant or Condition therein contained, within the Space of Five Years from the Date of such Bonds or Securities: And whereas many Bonds relating to the Revenue and Business of His Majesty1*

Customs (besides such Bonds as in the said recited Act are excepted) are taken with Conditions which cannot be completely performed within Five Years from the Date thereof5' be it therefore further enacted, That every such Bond as aforesaid, which has heretofore been or shall hereafter be entered into in relation to the Revenue or Business of His Majesty's Customs, shall remain and continue in full Force for Two Years, and may be prosecuted and put in Suit at any Time within Two Years from the Time limited in the Condition of every such Bond respectively, for the Performance thereof, any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; and from and after the Expiration of such Two Years as aforesaid, every such Bond, upon which no Prosecution or Suit shall have been commenced, shall be void, and may be cancelled and destroyed as in the said Act is directed.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Officer of His Majesty's Customs to cancel any Bond given upon the granting of any Licence or Licences for the Navigation of any Vessel or Boat, and for the preventing the Owner or any other Person using or employing such Vessel or Boat contrary to the Laws in force for the Prevention of Smuggling, or to deliver up any such Bond to the Obligor or Obligors, or any other Person, until the Licence or Licences in respect whereof such Bond was given hath been delivered up to the proper Officer of the Customs for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months, or the Penalty of such Bo: d hath been paid to His Majesty.

CAP. LXXXV.

An Act to regulate the Trade between Great Britain and the United States of America until the End of the next Session of Parliament.

[23d June 1808.]

Goods of the Growth, &c. of the United States of America, not prohibited, may be imported into Great Britain in Vessels of British or American Built, &c. §1. Such Goods may be landed on Payment of the lowest Duties, payable on the like Articles from other foreign Countries, in British or foreign Bottom* 44 respectively. §2. American Tobacco shall be subject to the same Duty as Tobacco imported by British Subjects from the British Colonies, and American Snuff to the same Duty as European Snuff imported from Europe, 44 Such Tobacco and Snuff may be warehoused, &c. under Regulations of 29 G. 3. c. 8. \oG. 3* r.40, &c. 44 and shall be accompanied by a Manifest. §3. Like Drawbacks shall be allowed on the Exportation of such 4t Goods as on other foreign Goods; and on British Goods to America the like Drawbacks as to the British 41 Colonies. Duties payable to Corporations, &c. not to be affected. §4. Duties shall be levied and applied as other Duties of Customs and Excise. §5. His Majesty in Council may suspend the Provisions of this Act. §6. Continuance of Act, End of next Session. §7."

CAP. LXXXVI.

An Act to revive and continue until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, an Act of the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majestyfor the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries.

[23d June 1808.]

A.D. 1808.

48° GEORGII III.

C. 87, 455

New Raie«,

according to

Schedules (A.)

ftlij |^B.)

CAP. LXXXVII.

An Act for repealing the Rates and Taxes taken by licensed Hackney Coachmen, and for eftahliflring others in Jieu thereof; and for amending several Laws relating to Hackney Coaches.

[23d June 1808.]

TirHERF.AS the Rat^s and Fares to be taken by Hackney Coachmen, and Persons legally acting under them, for the Hire of Hackney Coaches, have, in consequence of the greatly advanced Prices of

Provender and every other Article relative to Coaches and Horses, been found in some Instances to be

infufheient, and otherwise objectionable in consequence of the Difficulty of calculating the fame: And whereas it is therefore expedient that the Rates and Fares enumerated and set forth in all former Acts of Parliament should be repealed, and others substituted in lieu thereof; May it therefore please Your Majesty

that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, all the Rates and Fares enumerated All former^and set forth in former AtU of Parliament, and heretofore taken for the Hire of Hackney Coaches within the rel, e»'«l. Cities of London and IVijlminjln', and the Suburbs thereof, and within all and every' the Parirties and Places comprized within the weeekly Bills of Mortality, or other Places, within which such Hackney Coaches are compellable to go or be driven, shall be repealed; and in lieu thereof, every Person who now is or Avail hereafter be licensed by the Commissioners for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches for the Time being, or the major Part of them, to drive, keep, and let to Hire by the Hour or Day, or otherwise any Hackney Coach with Horses, Geldings, and Mares, within the Cities of London or Westminster, or the Suburbs of the lame, or within the Parishes and Places comprized within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or any other Place or Places within which, by any of the Laws now in force, such Hackney Coachmen are compellable to go, or any Person acting legally under any such licensed Person, shall be entitled to, and may demand, receive a id take, for the Hire of any such Hackney Coach, the Rates and Fares described, mentioned, and set forth in Figures in either of the Two Schedules or Tables hereunto annexed, marked (A.) and (B.) calculating for Time, or Distance, at the Option of such Coachman.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act the Rates and Fares of Hackney Coaches shall be calculated by the Hour or Mile only, and not also by the Day, as allowable heretofore.

III.*And whereas by an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

entituled, An Act to explain and amend so much of an A*.?, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to Hackney Coaches and Chairs: And whereas by one other Act, made and passed in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the ^9

Rates and Fares taken by licensed Hackney Coachmen, and for establishing other Rates and Fares in lieu thereof c. 4--f and for explaining and amending several Law relating to Hackney Coaches and Chairiy Hackney Coachmen are obliged and compellable after Sunset to go certain Distances, therein respectively set forth, beyond the Cities of London and Westminster % and the Suburbs thereof: And whereas the Period of Sunfe t has been found constantly liable to Dispute be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, every Hackney Coachman plying for Hire within the Cities of London or Westminster, or the Suburbs thereof, shall be obliged and compellable on every Day of the Week, after the Hour of Eight in the Evening between the Periods of Lady Day and Michaelmas Day9 and after the Hour of Five in the Evening between Michaelmas Day and Lady Day9 to go the several Distances, 3nd under the several Circumstances mentioned and contained in the said recited Acts respectively.

IV. And be it further enacted, That for every Hackney Coach hired in any Part of the Cities of London or WestminJlcry or the Suburbs thereof, the Borough of Southwark or any Place adjoining thereto, where there is a regular Continuation of Carriageway Pavement From either of the said Cities or Borough, or at any Standing for Hackney Coaches beyond any such regular Continuation of Carriageway Pavement, after the Hour of Eight in the Evening between the Periods of Lady Day and Michaelmas Day, and after the Hour of Five in the Evening between the Periods of Michaelmas Day and Lady Day, and taken to and discharged at any Place where there is not a regular Continuation of Carriageway Pavement, there shall or may be demandable and demanded, and payable and paid, over and above the ordinary established Fare payable according to the annexed Schedules, for the Hire of every such Coach the full Rate or Fare allowed by this Act, to the nearest Extremity of continued Carriageway Pavement; or, where such Hackney Coach shall have been hired or taken at any Standing for Hackney Coaches beyond any such regular Continuation of Carriageway Pavement, there shall be demandable and paid, over and above the ordinary established Fare as aforesaid, the full Rate or Fare back either to such Standing or to the nearest Extremity of continued Carriageway Pavement, at the Option of the Person discharging such Coach: And for every Hackney Coach which shall be hired or taken to be driven into the Country in the Day-time, and driven thither and there discharged, there shall be demandable from the Person or Persons so hiring and discharging such Coach, for the Return thereof to the nearest Ex- ^jvpu^inuTihe trcimty of continued Carriageway Pavement, if such Coach shall have been taken in any Part of the Cities of Country.1" ° London or Westm\njler9 or the Suburbs thereof, the Borough of Southwark or any Place adjoining thereto,

where there is a regular Continuation of Carriageway Pavement from either of the said Cities or Borough; or, if taken at any Place beyond any such regular Continuation of Carriageway Pavement, then for the Return thereof to such latter Place whence taken, over and above the ordinary established Fare payable according to the annexed Schedules, for the Hire of every such Coach, the additional Rates and Fares following; that is to say, for Ten Miles Five Shillings, for Eight Miles Four Shillings, for Six Miles Three Shillings, and for Four Miles Two Shillings 5 but no Allowance for Return to be made for any lesser Diiiauce than Toar Miles* so calculated.

iN2

9

Farrs bow to Ini

calculated.

O'i G.u. c. 4.

; 40 G.3.

Hackney Coac'u* to go the Distances specified in recited Acts within the Periods herria mentioned.

Evening Bu lc Fares beyond Otrria_; e*: »y Pavement*.

Back Farr of

Loai he* hired (

A.D. 1808.

456 C. 87.

48° GEORGII III.

Penalty on' Hacknej Gmehes plying lor Hire when returning to Town, ah to 20a.

Hackney Coaches shall carry In side and a Servant outhde.

Fares for

additional

Numbers.

Advance of Fare to Coaches kept waiting.

Com pen fat ion to Hackney Coachmen itnpioperly summoned for not taking Persons.

Penalty on numbered Stage Coaches plying in the Streets.

First Offence,

Ol. to 20s.

Second Offence, Forfeiture of Licence.

B<»okinc Houses, &c. of numbered Stage Coaches.

V.*And whereas Hackney Coachmen so discharged in the Country have, contrary to Right, and to the Prejudice of the dated figured Stages, been in the frequent Habit of plying for and picking up promifcuou*

Passengers, thereby converting their Hackney Coaches into Stages be it therefore enacted, That every Hackney Coachman so offending, and being thereof convicted by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before the major Part of the Commissioners for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches, shall forfeit and pay for every such O(Fence a Penalty not exceeding Three Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings, in the Discretion of the major Part of the said Commissioners: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall prevent or hinder any such Hackney Coachman, so returning from the Country, from taking up regular Fares in the proper Course of his Employment.

VI. 4 And whereas Disputes have frequently arisen, and do frequently arise where Hackney Coachmen refuse to carry more than Four Passengers; for Remedy whereof, ' be it further enacted, That every Hackney Coachman shall be obliged and compellable to carry Four adult Persons ir.side his Coach, and a Servant outside, if required, at one and the same Time, and he shall not be compellable to carry above that Number; but if he shall agree to take above that Number, he shall be entitled to demand and receive for every such additional adult Person whom he shall so agree to carry, and shall carry, One Shilling over and above the regular Fare; or if he shall have been hired to drive into the Country, and shall drive thither, and there shall wait, and shall return with any such additional adult Person, lie shall be entitled to demand and receive for every such additional adult Person whom he shall so agree to carry, and shall carry into the Country, and after waiting, return with, One Shilling for going and One Shilling for returning, over and above his regular Fare.

VII. 4 And whereas it hath frequently occurred, that Persons hiring and taking Hackney Coaches to Vauxhally or other Places of publick Resort, and elsewhere, have directed the Drivers thereof to wait, and have not returned, to the great Loss and Prejudice of the Owners of such Coache9; for Remedy whereof/ be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful for every Hackney Coachman so hired and taken, and directed to wait, and they are hereby empowered to ask, demand, and receive of and from the Person or Persons so hiring and directing them\o wait as aforesaid, a reasonable Sum in Hand, over and above the Fare to which they respectively shall be entitled for driving thither, the Sum so received to be accounted for when every such Coach shall be finally discharged.

VIII. 4 And whereas by the Laws now in force, Hackney Coachmen are not obliged or compellable to go* 4 with Persons ddirous of hiring their Coaches, provided they shall have been out Twelve Hours; And whereas Hackney Coachmen have been oftentimes improperly summoned to answer for Refusal, to the great Prejudice and Loss both of themselves and their Mailersbe it therefore further enacted, That every Hackney Coachman who shall, in civil and explicit Terms, declare to any Person or Persons ddirous to engage his Coach, either that lie hath been at work Twelve Hours with his Coach and Horses, or that he is actually hired, and shall afterwards, notwithstanding such Reply, be summoned to answer for Refusal, and shall, upon the hearing of the Complaint, produce sufficient Evidence to prove that he had been then Twelve Hours at Work, or that he was at the Time actually and bond jids hired (as the Case may be), and it shall not appear that such Hackney Coachman had uled any uncivil Language, or had improperly conduced himself towards the Party by whom he shall be so summoned, such Hackney Coachman shall not be punifiled for such Refusal; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for regulating and licensing Hackney Coaches, before whom such Complaint shall be heard, and they are hereby empowered, to require the Person who shall have summoned such Coachman to make to him a Compensation for his Loss of Time in attending the Office, not exceeding the Sum of Five Shillings, nor less than Three Shillings, to be levied and recovered as any Penalty may be levied and recovered under any Act of Parliament relating to Hackney Coaches.

IX. 4 And whereas the Owners of Hackney Coaches, regularly licensed, have been heretofore greatly prejudiced and aggrieved by the Interference of the Owners or Drivers of the Rated figured Stages with the regular Street-work of Hackney Coaches; for Remedy whereof, ' be it further enacted, That no Owner or Driver of any fluted figured Stage, on his Way to London, shall take up any Person as and for a PaiTengerin his Coach after he shall have entered the paved Streets of I.otulon or lVtJhninJlery or the Borough of Southivari, at any of the Extremities thereof respectively; nor shall any such Owner or Driver of any such Hated figured Stage, on his Return into the Country, take up any Person as and fora Passenger in his Coach, for the Purpose of letting down such Passenger in any of the paved Streets of London or llrcjlininjlery or Borough of Southward such Owner or Driver well knowing at the Time when he shall take up such Passenger that it is his Intention to get out of such Stage in any of the paved Streets of London or HLjlminJIert or Borough of Southwark, under a Penalty for every Inch Offence of any Sum not exceeding Three Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings, in the Discretion of the Commissioners for licensing Hackney Coaches, or the major Part of them, before whom any Complaint in tins Behalf shall be heard; or if any Person, being an Owner of such Rated figured Stage, shall offend a Second Time in this Behalf, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, or the major Part of them, before whom such Complaint shall be heard, and they are hereby empowered to revoke the Licence of such Owner so offending more than Once; yet nevertheless, so that no such Owner or Driver shall be liable to any Penalty for any such Offence, if any Person whom lie shall have so taken up and set down in any of the paved Streets of London or IVtjhniujltry or the Borough of Southewarky shall have previously taken his Place for the Country at One of the regular Booking Houses, and paid the full Fare accordingly.

X. And be it further enacted, That no Owner of any Hated figured Stage shall have more than Two

Booking Houses between the Places from whence his Stage shall let out in Town and Country, nor shall remain more than Twenty Minutes at any one of such Booking Houses, under a Penalty for every such 0ftr.ee of any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor less than Twenty Shillings, in the Discretion of the Commissioners for licensing Hackney Coaches, or the major Fart of them, before whom such Complaint shall be heard in this Behalf. 8

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Hackney Coachman, his Renter or Driver, shall exatt or take more for his or their Hire than the several Rates hereby limited, he or they shall, for every such Offence, be subject and liable to such and the like Penalties, Forfeitures, and Punishments, to be levied, recovered, suffered, and infli£led by such Persons, and in such and the like Manner and Form, as by any Law or Laws now in being respecting such Hackney Coachmen, their Renters or Drivers; and that the several Rates and Farce liercin-before mentioned shall and may be recovered in such and the like Manner as the Fares of Hackney Coachmen are by any Act or Acts of Parliament now recoverable.

" General Issue. — Treble Costs. §12."

Persons rxacting more lluw their Fares, liable lO all former Penalties.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE or TABLE (A.)

For every Hackney Coach hired and taken any Distance there shall be paid the Rates and Fares that is to say, following s, d.

For every Distance within — and not exceeding — One Mile 1 0

Above One Mile One Mile and a Half 1 6

Above One Mile and a Half - - Two Miles 2 0

Above Two Miles Two Miles and a Half 3 0

Above Two Miles and a Half , -- Three Miles 3 6

Above Three Miles _ Three Miles and a Half 4 0

Above Three Miles and a Half Four Miles 4 6

Above Four Miles — . Four Miles and a Half 5 6

Above Four Miles and a Half Five Miles 6 0

Above Five Miles _ — . Five Miles and a Half 6 6

Above Five Miles and a Half — Six Miles 7 0

Above Six Miles — Six Miles and a Half 8 0

Above Six Miles and a Half .- Seven Miles 8 6

Above Seven Miles , — . Seven Miles and a Half90

Above Seven Miles and a Half Eight Miles96

Above Eght Miles — Eight Miles and a Half 10 6

Above Eight Miles and a Half r- - Nine Miles 11 0

Above Nine Miles — , Nine Miles and a Half 11 6

Above Nine Miles and a Half . — Ten Miles 12 0

Above Ten Miles Ten Miles and a Half 13 0

Above Ten Miles and a Half — Eleven Miles 13 6

Above Eleven Miles — Eleven Miles and a Half 14 0

Above Eleven Miles and a Half — — Twelve Miles lS 0

And so for any further Distance after the like Rate and Proportion of Sixpence for every Half Mile, and an additional Sixpence for every Two Miles completed.

SCHEDULE or TABLE (B.)

For every Hackney Coach hired and taken for any Time there shall be paid the that is to say.

Rates and Fares following;

For any Time within — - and not exceeding

Above Thirty Minutes -

Above Forty-five Minutes -

Above One Hour —

Above One Hour Twenty Minutes -

Above One Hour Forty Minutes -

Above Two Hours -

Above Two Hours Twenty Minutes -

Above Two Hours Forty Minutes -

Above Three Hours -

Above Three Hours Twenty Minutes -

Above Three Hours Forty Minutes -

Thirty Minutes Forty-five Minutes One Hour

One Hour Twenty Minutes One Hour Forty Minutes Two Hours

Two Hours Twenty Minutes Two Hours Forty Minutes Three Hours

Three Hours Twenty Minutes Three Hours Forty Minutes Four Hours

s. d.

1 0

1 6

2 0

3 0

4 0

5 0

6 0

7 0

8 0

9 0

10 0

11 0

And for any further Time after the Rate and Proportion of Sixpence for every Fifteen Minutes.

4-5 8

C. 88

A.D. 1808.

15 G, 3. C. 51. ftpealed.

Tromiflory Note* for less than 20«. declared void.

Fcrmlty on Person* uttering such Notes,

50s. to bi.

Justices may «h termine on Inch Offcmes within JO Days.

Penalty on \V itnefle.s not attending, os.

F' .rm of Conviction-

Returnableo tlte C^uurter hellions.

Copies of Convictions.

48° GEORGII III.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An Act. to restrain the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange under a limited Sum, in England.

[23d Jum 1808.]

WHEREAS various Notes, Bills of Exchange, and Drafts for Money for very small Soffit fare for 4 W some Time past been circulated or negotiated in lieu of Cash, within that Part of Great Britain called England, to the great Prejudice of Trade and publick Credit, and many of such Bills and Drafts being payable under certain Terms and restrictions which the poorer Sort of Manufacturers, Artificers, Labourers, 1 and others cannot comply with, otherwise than by being subject to great Extortion and Abuse: And whom

an Act, passed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to refrain the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum % within that Part of Great Britain, called England, for preventing the circulating such Notes and Drafts: And whereas Doubts hare arisen as to the Power of Justices of the Peace to hear and determine Offences under the said Act; and it is

therefore expedient that more effectual Provisions should be made for enforcing the Provisions of the hud Act; be it therefore enacted by the King's rpost Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, the said recited Act shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That all Promissory or other Notes, Bills of Exchange or Drafts, or

Undertakings in Writing, being negotiable or transferable for the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money, or any Orders, Notes or Undertakings in Writing, being negotiable or transferable for the Delivery of any Goods, specifying their Value in Money, less than the Sum of Twenty Shillings in the Whole, heretofore made or issued, or which shall hereafter be made or issued, shall from and after the first Day of Odoher One thou fund eight hundred and eight, be and the same are hereby declared to be absolutely void and of no Effedj any Law, Statute, Usage or Custom, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall after the First Day of July Onethouftnd eight hundred and eight, by any Art, Device, or Means whatsoever, publish or utter any such Notes, Bills, Drafts, or Engagements as aforesaid, for a less Sum than Twenty Shillings, or on which less than the Sum of Twenty Shillings shall be due, and which shall be in anywise negotiable or transferable, or shall negotiate or transfer the lame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor Ids than Five Pounds, at the Discretion of the Justice of the Peace who shall hear and determine such Offence.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace, a&ingfor the County, Riding, City, or Place within which any Offence against this Act shall be committed, to hear and determine the fame in a summary Way, at any Time within Twenty Days after such Offence shall have been committed; and such Justice or Justices, upon any Information exhibited or Complaint made upon Oath in that Behalf, shall summon the Party accused, and also the Witnesses on either Side, and shall examine into the Matter of Fadl, and upon due Proof made thereof, either by the voluntary Confession of the Party or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or otherwise, (which Oath such Justice or Justices is or are hereby authorized to administer, ) shall convict the Offender, and adjudge the Penalty for such Offence.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall be summoned as a Witness to give Evidence before such Justice or Justices, either on the Part of the Prosecutor or the Person accused, and shall neglect or refufie to appear at the Time or Place to be for that Purpose appointed without a reasonable Excuse for such his Neglect or Refusal, to be allowed by such Justice or Justices, then such Person shall forfeit for every such Offence, the Sum of Forty Shillings, to be levied and paid in such Maimer and by such Means as are directed for Recovery of other Penalties under this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Justice or Justices before whom any Offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall cause the said Conviction to be made out, in the Manner and Form following; (that is to say, )

4 £>E it remembered, That on the Day of in the Year of

our Lord A.B. having appeared before me [or, us] One [or more)

of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace [as the Case may be-\ for the County, Riding, City, or Place, [as the Case may be-\ and due Proof having been made upon Oath by One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by Confession of the Party [rf.r the Case may bt-\ is convicted of

d Lft, ecjfyn, S CJfence-\. Given under my Hand and Seal [or, our Hands and Seals] the Day and Year

aforesaid. '

Which Conviction the said Justice or Justices shall cause to be returned to the then next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace of the County, Riding, City, or Place where such Conviction was made, to be filed by the Clerk of the Peace, to remain and be kept among the Records of such County, Riding, City, or Place.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Clerk of the Peace for any County, Riding, City, or Place, and he is hereby required, upon Application made to him by any Person or Persons for that Purpose, to cause a Copy or Copies of any Conviction or Convictions filed by him under the Directions of this Act, to be forthwith delivered to such Person or Persons upon Payment of One Shilling for every such Copy.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures hereby incurred and made payable upon any Conviction against this Act, shall be forthwith paid by the Person convicted, as follows; One Moiety of the Forfeiture to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish or Place where

C^iOO^lc

Recovery aal Ai'f-'Iiraiioti ot lVuakic*.

A.D. 1808.

48° GEORGII III.

C. 88.

459

the Offence shall be committed; and in case such Person shall refuse or neg1e& to pay the same, or to give sufficient Security to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices to prosecute any Appeal against such Conviction, such Justice or Justices (hill by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, together with all Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner; and which said Warrant of Distress the said Justice or Justices shall cause to be made out in the Manner and Form following; (that is to say, )

To the Constable, Headborough, or Tythingman of

WHEREAS A.B. of in the County of is this Day

convicted before me [or, us] One [or more] of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace [0* the Case may hr']

for the County of [or, for the Riding of the County of York, or for the Town, Liberty, or Di ft rift of [as the Case may bc-] upon the Oath of

4 or a credible Witness or Witnesses [or, by Confession of the Party, as the Case may

for that the said A.B. hath [here set forth the Offence'] contrary to the Statute in that Case made and provided,

by reason whereof the said A.B. hath forfeited the Sum of to be distributed as

herein is mentioned, which he hath refused to pay: These are therefore, in His Majesty's Name, to command you to levy the said Sum of by Distress of the Goods and Chattels of him the

said A.B. and if within the Space of Five Days next after such Distress by you taken, the said Sum, together with the reasonable Charges of taking the fame, shall not be paid, then that you do fell the said Goods and

Chattels so by you distramed, and out of the Money arising by such Sale, that you do pay One-half of the said Sum of to of who informed me

[or, us, as the Case shall be*] of the said Offence, and the other Half of the said Sum of

4*to the Overseer of the Poor of the Parish, Township, or Place where the Offence was committed, to be employed for the Benefit of such Poor, returning the Overplus (if any) upon demand, to the said A.B. the reasonable Charges of taking, keeping, and felling the said Distress being first deducted; and if sufficient Distress cannot be found of the Goods and Chattels of the said A.B. whereon to levy the said Sum of that then you certify the same to me, [or, us, as the Case shall be-] together

i with this Warrant. Given under my Hand and Seal [or, our Hands and Seals] the Day of in the Year of our Lord J

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices to order such Offender to be detained in safe Custody until Return may conveniently be had and made to such Warrant of Distress, unless the Party so convicted shall give sufficient Security, to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices, for his Appearance before the said Justice or Justices on such Day as shall be appointed by the said Justice or Justices for the Day of the Return of the said Warrant or Distress (such Day not exceeding Five Days from the taking of such Security); which Security the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to take by Way of Recognizance or otherwise.

X. And be it further enacted, That if upon such Return no sufficient Distress can be had, then and in such Case the said Justice or Justices shall and may commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, Riding, Division, or Place where the Offence shall be committed, for the Space of Three Calendar Months, unless the Money forfeited shall be sooner paid, or unless or until such Offender thinking him or herself aggrieved by such Conviction, shall give Notice to the Informer that he or she intends to appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County, Riding, or Place wherein the Offence shall be committed, and shall enter into Recognizance before some Justice or Justices, with two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the Order of and pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter Sessions (which Notice of Appeal, being not less than Eight Day a before the Trial thereof, such Person so aggrieved is hereby empowered to give) 5 and the said Justices at such Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the Causes and Matters of such Appeal in a luminary Way, and award such Costs to the Parties appealing or appealed against as they the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of such Quarter Session shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be disabled from being a Witness in any Prosecution for any Offence against this Act, by reason of his being an Inhabitant of the Parish wherein such Offence was committed.

XII. Provided always, That no Proceedings to be had, touching the Conviction or Convictions of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, (liali be quaffed f Want of Form, or be removed by Writ of Certiorari or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of H M dty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Actio.1 1 Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done or acted in pursuance of this Act, then and in every such Case such Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted within Three Calendar Months after the Fact committed, and not afterwards; and the fame and every such Action or Suit shall be brought within the County where the Fact was committed, and not elsewhere; a.M the Defendant or Defendants in every such Atftion or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act a id the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Ad on or Suit shall be brought after the Time limited for bringing the same, or be brought or bid in any other P'ace than as aforementioned, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs ffall become nonsuit, or dneontinue Ins, her, or their Action after the

Form of the Warrant of Distrrfr.

Security for

Appearance of Party, on Ht turn of luck Warrants.

Offender* may be committed for vt*Qt of Diitief*.

Parishionrr# may be Witnesses,

Conviction* not removable by Certiorari.

Limitation of Actions,

Venue.

A.D. 18cS.

Treble Costs,

4; G. , 1. ft. 1.

c. u.

Commissioners shall trans/iit Statements of the Accounts e.Namined to flic Treasury, who shall transmit them il approved, to the Auditors of publick Accounts, who flu! I prepare ihc fame (ur JJcclardtion.

Mien it appears flint any 1 Volt ms ou<flu to account for publick AIone\ or Stores, Comm j humors jh.ill mmlmit the Names of fur 11 Per tons with their Keatons to the Treasury, who shall diietft w arrants to Commissioners to require Accounts to be delivered in Commissioners tmder recited Act inverted with fame Powers as the C onimi (honors lor auditing jmhtick Accounts tmder the few end A(fls, viz.

: > G. 1. c. 52. Q0 Ci. 3.C. 63.

C. 88, 89. 48° GEORGII III.

the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the Recovery thereof as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any other Cases by Law.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An Act for enabling the Commissioners appointed to examine Accounts of publick Expenditure hi the Barrack Oilice, more speedily and effectually to investigate the said Accounts.

[23d June i8c8.]

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled*

An Act for inve/Inig certain Commissioners appointed for the Examination of Accounts and Expenditure relating to the Office of Barrack Master General, with certain Powers and Authorities necessary for the Exa*

initiation'of 'fuih Accounts and Expenditure: And whereas it is expedient to make further Pravision for enabling

the Commissioners appointed to examine the Accounts in the said Act mentioned, more effectually to carry into Execution the Purposes of tin? said Act; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, mid Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners appointed to examine the Accounts mentioned in the said recited Act, and they are hereby required from Time to Time when and as soon as the Examination of any Account fludt have been compleated by them, to make up and transmit a Statement thereof to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, specifying all the Articles forming the Charge and Discharge of such Account, and specifying all Sums difalfbvved by them in such Accounts; and also all Sums which in their Opinion ought to be set Irffuper in such Account upon any Persons concerned in such Account; and the Lords Cornmif-iioners of His Majesty's Treasury if they approve of the Statement of such Account, shall transmit the fame, together with their Warrant to the commissioners for auditing publick Accounts, to prepare the fame for Declaration, which laid Commissioners for auditing publick Accounts are hereby authorized to make up and prepare for Declaration such Accounts in conformity to such Statements or Warrants, without any further Examination or Inveffigation of such Accounts, or of any Vouchers relating thereto, unless any further Examination and Inveffigation of such Accounts, or of any Part thereof, or of any Vouchers relating thereto, shall appear to the said Commissioners for auditing publick Accounts to be mcessary, in which Case the fail lull mentioned Commissioners shall report th ir Opinion thereon to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, and proceed in such Examination and Inveffigation 5 and the said Commissioners for auditing the publick Accounts are hereby authorized and directed to cause all Sums which shall be specifud as Sums which ought to be set Insuper in any inch Statement as aforesaid, and which shall appear to them to be proper, to be set Insuper, to be so let Insuper on the several Persons therein mentioned, or in the Warrants accompanying the fame, unless upon such further Examination as aforesaid it fnrdl not appear to them to be proper that such Sums should be so set Insuper, and to do all other Acts, Mattcri and Things for the Declaration of such Accounts, and for putting in Charge as publick Accountants or Sub-Accountants all Persons liable so to be put in charge upon such Accounts, in order to the securing and recovering of all Sums of Money due to His Majesty on the fame, in like Manner as if the said Accounts had been examined and Statements thereof made by the said Commissioners for auditing publick Accounts.

II. And be it further cuaded, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners appointed under the said recited Act, and they are hereby required whenever it fit all appr ar to tin in that any Person or Persons ought to account for any publick Money or Storcs'that may have passed through his or their Hands, forthwith to transmit to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury the Name or Names of every such Person or Persons, together with the Ground and Reasons for their Opinion, that it would be fit and proper that such Person or Persons should be made publick Accountants, and if the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury Should agree thereto, they the said Lords Commissioners are hereby required to issue their Warrant or Warrants, directing the said Commissioners appointed under the said recited Acrt, or the Commissioners for auditing the publick Accounts, to call upon and require such Person or Persons to deliver in their Accounts, regularly attelled, within a reasonable Time to be limited by such Commissioners respectively; and such Person or Persons shall be compelled so to deliver in their said Accounts in like Manner as if the said Person or Persons had been returned Insuper in any Account declared before His Majesty's Chancellor of the Exchequer; and the said Iall mentioned Commissioners are also hereby directed to proceed to the Examination of such Accounts, and to transmit the Statements thereof to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Purpose of having the fame prepared for Declaration in the Manner herein-before directed, with respect to other Accounts.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners appointed to examine Accounts of publick Expenditures in the Barrack Office, shall be and are hereby inverted with, and shall have, use, and exercise all the Powers and Authorities as to the Examination of all Accounts submitted to their Inveffigation respectively; and as to all publick Accountants, Sub-Accountants, and other Persons concerned in Inch Accounts, and as to all Matters and Things in auywife relating to such Accounts, or the Examination thereof, or to publick Accountants, Sub-Accountants, or other Persons concerned in any such Account, and shall also be subject and liable to the fame Controul, Regulations, and Directions in every R jfpcd in relation to the Examination of all such Accounts, and in relation to such publick Accountants, Sub-Accountants and other Persons aforesaid, as the Commissioners for auditing the publick Accounts are inverted with or now have, uie, or exercise, or are subject on liable to under an Act passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for letter examining and auditing the publick Accounts of this Kinfrr; and another Act passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act ft

Irmftrrr.i

T

viuu IIIwivv

A.D. 1808.

461

48° GEORGII III. C. 89, 90, 91.

An shl to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Tear of It is present Majesty, for better examining and auditing the publick Accounts of this A ingdomy ami for enabling the Commissioners in certain Cases to aihaj of Tour1.,r, although not stamped according to Law; and another Act passed in the Forty-lijJtli Year of the Rei.rn <\* a I is present Majesty, int ituled, An Act for making more rfid ml Prnvtfion for the mire fgtedy and regular Examination and Audit of the public I si'counts of this Kingdom; and another Act passed in the Forty seventh \ear of His present Majesty, intituled, sin Act for mere (fcdually charging publick Accountants with Iuterejl upon Balances, and for other Purfofes relating to the passing of publick Accounts: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall authorize such Commissioners appointed to examine Accounts of publick Expenditure in the Barrack Office to prepare or present for Declaration any Account of any publick Accountant, Sub-Accountant, or Person set Insuper, or other Person, which fhu.il have been examined by them, and which shall have been certified by them in Manner directed by this Act.

" Act may be altered or repealed this Session, §4."

CAP. XC.

An Act to enable the Commissioners for auditing Publick Accounts, and the Commissioners for the Affairs of Barracks respectively, to send and receive Letters and Packets on the Business of their Offices free of Pottage.

[23d June 13o8.]

WHEREAS the Commissioners for auditing the publick Accounts, and the Commissioners for Affairs of Barracks by virtue of their Offices, necclfarily send and receive many Letters and Packets relatii.g 4 to the publick Service of this Kingdom; audit is therefore expedient to permit such Letters and Packets to be font and received free from the Duty of Postage Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Letters and Packets addressed to the Commissioners for auditing the publick Accounts, ajid all Letters and Packets add relied to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Barracks respectively for the Time being, upon any Business or Adairs relating to the Duties of the Offices of the said Commissioners respectively, shall be free from the Duty of Postage; and also that all Letters and Packets sent by the Secretary of the Commissioners for auditing publick Accounts, or by the Secretary of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Barracks respectively, or in the Absence of such Secretaries respectively, then by the Chief Clerk of such Secretary for the Time being, upon any Bulirieis or Affairs relating to the Duties of the said Commissioners respectively in Manner and Form herein after directed, shall be sent free from the said Duty of Poltage; and all Letters and Packets relating to the Duties of the said Commissioners respectively, which shall be forwarded by the said respective Secretaries or their Chief Cie rks respectively as aforesaid, shall be under Covers, with the Words Pursuant to Act of Parliament, " and 4< Auditor's Office, " if sent from the Office of the Commissioners for auditing the publick Accounts, and " Barrack Office, " if sent from the Office of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Barracks, printed upon the fame; and the Secretary or some Chief Clerk in the Office from which such Letters and Packets shall be sent, to be nominated from Time to Time for that Purpose by such Commissioners, or the major Part of them respectively, in and for each of such Offices, and whose Appointment for that Purpose shall be transmitted to the Poll Office, shall write his Name under the fame, and they and each of them are and is hereby strictly prohibited from inclosing or fending under such Covers any Writing, Paper, or Parcel whatsoever, excepting such as relate to the Duties of the said Commissioners respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any such Secretary or Clerk as aforesaid respectively shall presume to fend or convey under any of the Covers aforesaid, any Writing, Paper, or Parcel other than those relating to the Duties of such Commissioners respectively, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered with full Colls of Suit by any Person or Persons by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at WeJhninster, wherein no Eifoign, Privilege, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; One Moiety of which Penalty shall go to the Person who shall sue for the fame, and the other Moiety thereof to and for the Use of His Majesty.

Cap. xcr.

An Act for enabling the Commissioners appointed to examine Account of Publick Expenditures in the ICejl Iudicjy more speedily and effectually to invdtigate the said Account*. [^3J June)8e8.j

Commissioners appointed under 46 G. 3. c. 80. shall transmit a Statement of the Accounts examined to the Treasury, who shall transmit them, if approved, to the Auditors of publick Accounts, who shall prepare the fame for Declaration. §1. — [Srr 48 G. c. 89. §1.] When it appears that any Persons ought to account for publick Money, Stores, or Provisions connected with the publick Expenditure in the J'/cJl Indies or South America, Commissioners shall transmit the Names of such Persons with their Reasons to the Treasury who shall require Accounts to be delivered in, &c. \ 2." [Sec 48 G. 3. c. 89. $ 2.J

III. And be it further enacted, That all Accounts of Expenditure of publick Money in the West Indies or South America, as specified in the said recited Act, which shall have arisen in part be tore and in part after the Virll Day of January One thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, Hull be examined and proceeded upon by the Commissioners appointed under the said recited Act, who shall have and they are hereby invclled with the

45 G. J. c. 55.

40 G. 3. c. 14 1.

47 G. a. ft. 2.

c. jy.

But nor to pr< feat any Areoum I or Dc-.'aratioa.

D-ttcn and l'aiket«acitireile.l to the Co!ii-miliuiners of publu k

Accounts, or to the t.oinmissionera for Baracks, or f m by the Secretary to either IGaid, shall be free of Foliage.

Penalties on

Secretaiif s, tvc. for fending a*iv Thin*; un<l«*t Cm'i'r rot r< bum* to the

48 Geo. III.

30

G<

Acroute; ha. '.ng arif'n jMnK before mid partly »l\f r 1,

1 Vq.'>. shall <1

462

i n the same Manner as Accounts 1 «aving arisen wholly after Jan. 1, 1793. §3.

Powers of 46 G. 3. c. 80. and this Act, may be

executed by Two Commissioners, or by One, if reduced to One, and the Powers of feletfted Commissioners by One.

<2 Jac. 1, c. 97.

*3.

3 G. 1. c. 11.

Provision of S Jac. 1. c. Q7. i< > far as relates to Hart s; and recited

3 G. 1. c. 11.

repealed.

Lords of Manors may appoint Gamekeepers, whether qualified or tint, \e. with Authority to kill Game for their oivu life, &c.

Gamekeepers so ap{K»inted shall have the fame Kighta as if qualified.

0.91, 92, 93* 48° GEORGII III. A.D. 1808.

fame Powers and Authorities in all Respects in relation to the Examination of such Accounts, and the Accountants and all other Persons touching the fame, as they would have had and been in veiled with under the said recited Act and this Act, in case the said Accounts had ariien wholly after the First Day of January One thousand seven hundred and ninety-three.

Commissioners under recited Act inverted with fame Powers as the Commissioners for auditing publick Accounts under the Acts 25 G. 3. c. 52. — 39 G. 3. c. 83. — 45 G. 3. c. 55. — 46 G. 3. c. 141. and 47 G. 3. "J?. 2. c. 39. But not to present any Account for Declaration. §4." [See 48 G. 3. c. 89. §3.]

V. And be it further enacted, That all Powers, Authorities, Jurisdictions, Matters and Things, by the said recited Act or this Act verted in or required to be done by the Commissioners appointed under the said first recited Act of the Forty-sixth Year aforesaid or this Act, are hereby veiled in and shall and may be executed and done by any Two or more of such Commissioners, or by any One of such Commissioners, in case the Number of such Commissioners remaining in England shall be reduced to One, by the Absence therefrom-of any of the selected Commissioners; and all Powers, Authorities, Jurisdictions, Matters and Things, by the said first recited Act of the Forty-sixth Year aforesaid, or this Act, veiled in or required to be done by any fele61cd Commissioners, are hereby veiled in and shall and may be executed and done by any One of such selected Commissioners singly, in the Absence of the other of such Commissioners, or by any Person appointed to act in the Place and Stead of any selected Commissioner deceased or religuing.

CAP. XCII.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, for charging the Sum of Twelve Millions two hundred thousand Pounds, raised for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven, upon the Duties of Curtomsand Excise granted to His Majesty, during the Continuance of the present War, as relates to Money issued for Charges of Management of Stock redeemed.

[23d June 1808.]

44 47 G. $.J1. 1. c. 55. $ 6. recited and repealed."

CAP. XCIII.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act of the First Year of King James the First, as relates to the Penalties on Shooting at Hares; and also to repeal an Act of the Third Year of King George the First, relating to Gamekeepers.

[23d JuneM.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Second Year (commonly called the First Year) of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, sin Act for the better Execution of the Intent and Meaning of former Statutes made against shooting in Guns, and for the Prefer nation of the Game of Pheafir.ts and Partridges, and against the defraying of Hares with Hare Pipes, and tracing Hares in the Snow; whereby it was amongil other Things enacted, That every Person which Should rtioot at, kill, or destroy, with any Gun, Cross Bow, Stone Bow, or Long Bow, any Hare, rtiould be subject to the Penalties therein mentioned: And whereas it is expedient that the said Provision Should be repealed: And whereas it is also expedient that a certain other Act, passed in the Third Year of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled, sin Ad to explain and amend several Laws therein mentioned for the better Preservation of the Game, Should be repealed; and that*other Provisions should be made relating to the Appointment of Gamekeepers Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Provision of the said recited Act of the Second of James the First, and the said recited Act of the Third of George the First, shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Lord or Lady of any Manor to appoint and depute any Person whatever, whether acting as a Gamekeeper to any other Person or not, or whether retained and paid for as the Male Servant of any other Person or not, or whether a qualified Person or not, to be a Gamekeeper to any such Manor, with Authority to such Person as Gamekeeper to kill Game within the same for his own Use, or for the Use of any other Person or Persons whatever, to be specified in such Appointment or Deputation, whether qualified or not; and 110 Person so appointed Gamekeeper as aforesaid and empowered to kill Game for his own Use, or for the Use of any other Person so specified as aforesaid, and not killing any Game for the Use of the Lord or Lady of the Manor for which such Deputation shall be given, shall be deemed or taken to be, or entered or paid for as the Gamekeeper or Male Servant of the Lord or Lady making such Appointment or giving such Deputation as aforesaid; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary not with (landing.

III. And be it further enacted, That any Person appointed Gamekeeper under the Authority of this Act to kill Game for his own Use or the Use of any other Person, shall have the same Rights, Privileges, Power and Authority as if he had been legally qualified and appointed to act as Gamekeeper, to kill Game for the Ue of the Lord or Lady of the Manor appointing such Gamekeeper, under any Laws in force immediately before the passing of this Act. 3

L.

cat.

A.D. 1808. 4*° GEORGII III. C. 94., 95, 96. 463

Cap. xciv.

An Act for repealing so much of an Act made in the Parliament of Scct/and, in the Fourth Session of the First Parliament of C>ucen Anne, intituled, A^} for preserving the Gamey as relates to the Shooting of II \res. [[23 d 1808.]

i \ Y T IIPR PAS hv an Act of the Scottish Parliament, paflld in the Fourth Session of the Full Parliament

1 W of Pier MaIcily Queen Anne, intituled. Ad Jar preferring the Garnet it is among other Things Somuchor < enabled, That 110 lVifou whatsoever shall lhoot Hares under the Penalty of Twenty Pounds Scots: And Scotch Atf 4 tl» 4 whereas it is expedient that the fame should be in so far repealed: May it therefore please Your Majesty that J rf.ja)

4 it may be enacted and be it cnaftod by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and lo Shooiinj?4 Con lent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Hares rrpcihttl. Authority of the same, Tluit so much of the said in part recited Act, as relates to the Shooting of Hares, fiijil be and the fame is hereby repealed.

CAP. XCV.

An Act for continuing, until the First: Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eleven, an Act: 94, G^ of the Fovty-fiirh Year of His present Majesty, for allowing, under certain Restrictions, the lJb* bringing a limited Quantity of Coals, Culm, or Cinders, to London and ]lrejhninjlery by Inland Navigation. [[23d Ju, le 1808.]

[AVr 46 G. 3. c. 104. to which this Act is precifelyJimilar; except the Dates, J

CAP. XCVI.

An Act for the better Care and Maintenance of Lunatics, being Paupers or Criminals in England.

[23d June 1808.]

4 TT7HF.RF.AS the Practice of confining such Lunatics and other insane Persons as are chargeable to their 4 \ \ respective Parishes in Gaols, Houses of Corr ft ion, Poor Houses, and Houses of Industry, is highly dangerous and inconvenient: And whereas it is expedient that further Proviiiun fiiotild be made for the Care and Maintenance of such Persons, and for the erecting proper Houses for their Reception, and also for erecting additional buildings adjoining or contiguous thereto lor the Reception of other Lunatics: And whereas it is also expedient that further Provision Should be made for the Custody of inlhne Persons who shall commit criminal Offences be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace in and for every County within England and Wale r, at their respective General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or any Adjournment of the fame, or the majort Part of such Justices then and there assembled, to direct Notice to be given in fume publick Newspaper or Newspapers circulated in or near such County, of their Intention of taking into Confnh ration, at their next General Quarter or General Annual Sessions, the Expediency and Propriety of providing a Lunatic Asylum or House for the Reception of Lunatics and other inlane Persons within the said County, or of appointing a Committee of Magistrates to treat with any One or more of the adjacent Countrs to unite for that Purpose.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Justices of the Peace, after such Notice heing given as aforesaid, shall at their next General Quarter or General Annual Sessions proceed to take the lame into ConsideraMon; and if it shall appear to the major Part of the said Justices being then and there assembled, such major Part not being Ids in Number than Seven, that it is expedient that a Lunatic Aiylum or House for the Reception of Lunatics and other iniane Perfoi.s Should he eiefted in and for the said County foie, the fa: J dull ices shall nominate and appoint such Number of Visiting Justices as they may think lit to superintend the Building, Erection, and Management of such Lunatic Asylum, and from Time to Time to report the State of Uuir Proceedings to the C ourt of the General Quarter Solfions.

III. And be it further enacted, That m all Cales where it shall appear expedient to tin* .Justicej of the Pence in ami for any County to unite with any One or more adjacent County or Counties for the Purpoh s of the Act, and for the providing a Lunatic Asylum to frrve for the said several Counties, it shall and may he lawful for the said Justices, at their respective General Quarter St (lions, (whereof due Notice shall be given as aforesaid), to nominate and appoint any Number of Justices not exceeding Five, to be a Committee for treating with any adjacent County or Counties for that Purpose.

JV. And be it further enacted, That where the Committees of Justices so appointed by any Two or more Counties, shall think lit to unite the said Counties for the Purpol'esof this Act, and shall iigu'.fy their Inclination and Desire (o to do at a Meeting hidden for that Purpose, an Agreement Hull at such M eting, or as loon as conveniently may be afterwards, he entered into by the said Justices so appointed as aforesaid, or the major Part of them, in the Form or to the Ell eft set forth in the Schedule hereunto annexed (No. 1.); which Agreement, when iuhlcahi-ci by the major Part of the Justices so nominated and appointed for each County, lh all be binding upon the said Comities; and every such Agreement shall specify the Place at or near which Inch Lunatic Asylum (had he situate, and the Proportion* in which the Expences aecessary for the earn ing into Execution the Purposes of this Act shall be charged and alfefied upon the several Counties fio uniting, wh'ch Proportions shall he calculated by the said Justices io appointed upon the Numbers of the rjfpective Population of the said several Counties, as Hated in the Returns to an Act, pnfied in the Forty-first Year of His Majesty's Reign,

count of the Population of Great Britain, and of the Increase and Diminution 3 o 2 '

VjVJU*

Just ice* ta

SeiVions may give Notice of their Intent tr>

ere<9 Luit.cir. Ah! inis.

Just'.vet of twy County m.iv

contract:; t»<I xim V ilium; Ji ti>»> |<>r Hu b Alduiiis.

Committee

JdVvs, t,

ur'ftP f'oun

|.*r

Furpfc.

Armament to We cmert-il when Counties iba'l lie Uiut< 1. Sclicft. l.j|

intituled, An Act Jl/r taling an,

A.D. 1808.

Such A^icrir.eut il.'ll lie reported »! Quarter ViKtiia.

'V #Hriner Jufiircs fli-j'olKrccl 10 vuniaa.

'ArP°rntment of

t !' rl. and Surveyor.

Contradls.

Export to Seiik>ns.

Y.\ponces shall be rlr}»u\rd, as {"my Hates under 1 2 (i. 2. r-<* U G. 2.

t 1*1.

Just ires mjxwored to borrow Money cm Mortgage of Hates. fcQteu. (No. 2.)

C. 96. 48° GEORGII III.

thereof; and the said Agreement shall also specify the Number of Visiting Justices to superintend the Building, Erection, and Management of the iaid Lunatic Asylum to be appointed by each of the respective Counties so uniting, which Number shall be in proportion to the Share of the Expences so to be charged and assessed upon each of inch respective Counties, but so that a Number less than Three shall in no Case be appointed for any County so united.

V. And be it further enacted, That whensoever such Agreement shall have been so entered into and signed as afon said, the Jmdices so appointed to be a Committee for each County so uniting shall respectively report the same to the Justices of the Peace at their next General Quarter Sessions to be holdeu for each of the said Counties, and shall then and there deliver into Court a Duplicate of the said Agreement, to be by the Clerks of the Peace of the said Counties entered among the Records; and that the said Justices shall then and there immediately proceed to nominate such Number of Persons as by the said Agreement they may be entitled to appoint to be Visiting Justices of the said Asylum till the next Michaelmas General Quarter Sessions, and shall continue annually to appoint inch Number of Visiting Justicesat each Michaelmas General Quarter Sessions.

VI. And be it hnther enacted, That the said Visiting justices so nominated and appointed by such County foie or such united Counties, are hereby authorized and required, within Two Calendar Months after such Nomination and Appointment as aforesaid, to meet and assemble at such Place as shall appear tc them moll convenient for that Purpose (due Notice thereof being prrviously given to such Visiting Justices by the Clerk or Clerks (f the Peace of such County or Counties reflectively), and that the said Visiting Justices may adjourn the said Meeting from Time to Time or from Place to Place, and meet as often as they shall think liecellary; and the said Visiting Justices, or the major Part of them, are hereby authorized at their laid Meetings to appoint a Clerk and a Surveyor for duly exercising the Powers of this Act, and from Time to Time to receive Plans and Estimates, and contract for the Purchase of Lands and Buildings, or for the Alteration of any Building already belonging to Inch County or any of such united Counties, and for building, erecting, altering, furnishing ai d completing such Lunatic Asylum, and the Y^rds, Courts, and Outlets thereto belonging, and such Contract or Contracts shall be made and entered into at the moll reasonable Ratos, and with the most responsible Prrfoils; and every such Contractor shall give sufficient Security for the due Performance of his Contract to the Clerk to such Visiting Justices; and all Contracts when made, and all Orders relating thereto, shall be entered in a Book to be kept by the Clerk to such Visiting Justices, and when such Asylum shall be declared to be completed in Manner herein after directed, then such Book shall be deposited and kept among the Records of such County foie, or of such of the Counties so united for the Purposes of this Act as shall have paid the Jargefl Quota or Proportion of the Expences of providing such Asylum, to be inspected at all reasonable Times by any Person contributing to the County Rates of such County or Counties respectively; and all Buildings or Land so to be contracted for and purchased, shall be conveyed to such Person or Persons as the Visiting Justices shall think fit, in trull for the Uses and Purposes of this Act; and the said Visiting Justices shall from Time to Time make their Report to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace of such County or Counties respectively, of the several Plans, Estimates, and Contracts which shall have been made and entered into in Manner aforesaid, and also a Report of the Sum or Sums of Money necessary to be raised and levied on such County foie as the Expence, or on each of such united Counties as the Quota or Proportion of the Expence to be incurred on the several Accounts aforesaid.

VII.*And in order to defray the Expences necessary for the Execution of this Act, be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace at their General Quaiter Sessions may and shall cause such Sums of Moneyas shall have been from Time to Time reported to the in to be necessary for that Purpose by the Visiting Justices, to be raised in such Manner as Rates are directed to be raised by Two Acts made in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of His late Majesty King George the Second, for the more easy affc fling, collecting, and levying of County Rates, or shall order and direct the same to be paid out of the ordinary Rate of such County.

VIII. 4 And whereas the Expences of carrying this Act into Execution may in some Cases become very burthen some on the Occupiers of Land, and other the Contributors to the County Rates, in case the said Expences should be raised in the Manner herein-before mentioned; be it therefore enacted, That when it shall appear on the Report of such Visiting Justices, that the Charge and Costs of carrying this Act into Execution will exceed One Half of the Amount of the ordinary annual Assessment for the County Rate for any County (such ordinary Assessment to be taken on a mean Proportion of the said Rate for the last Five Years preceding), that then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace within the respective Limits of their Commissions, so assembled in their Quarter Sessions as aforesaid, from Time to Time to borrow and take up on Mortgage of the Rates herein-mentioned, by Instruments in the Form contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed (No. 2.), or to that or the like Efted, any Sums not less than Fifty Pounds each, at legal or lower IntcTefl, as to them or the major Part of them (such major Part not being less than Five) shall appear necessary and expedient for the Purposes aforesaid, and to securealland every such Sum and Sums of Money so borrowed upon the Credit of the Rates to be raised upon such County respectively; and the said Justices so assembled as aforesaid are hereby authorized to treat and agree with any Person or Persons for the Loan of any such Sum or Sums of Money, and by their Order to confirm and establish every such Agreement as aforesaid; and every such Agreement so establiftud by such Order, and signed by the Chairman and Two or more Justices present at the Time of making such Order, shall be and the fame is hereby declared to be effectual for securing to the Person or Person6 io advancing any Sum or Sums of Money, his, her, or their Executors, Adminillntors and Assigns, all and every such Sum or Sums of Money, with Interest for the fame, on such Terms as in and by such Agreement or Agreements respectively Avail be for that Purpose ilipulated; and the said Securities shall be numbered in order of Succession in which they shall be granted, and Copies or Extrads of all such Agreements or Securities shall be kept with the Clerk of the Peace or other proper Officer having the Custody of the Records of the Quarter Sdffona of such County respectively; and all and every Person and Persons to whom any led

Secunty

e

48° GEORGII III.

C. 96. 465

F<»r eliding 'h Rm* with a

Sinking Fund to reduce the Principal borrowed.

Security or Securities shall be made, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, is and are hereby empowered (by iudorfing his, her, or their Name or Names on the Back of such Security or Securities) to transfer and assign the fame, and his, her, or their Right to the principal Money and Iuterell h reby secured, unto any Person or Persons; and every such Assignee may in like Manner transfer the fame ayj1-, and so tot'iex qW'tKs; and the Person or Persons to whom such Security or Securities, or any such Assignmei.t thereof Oiuil be made, and his or their respective Executors, Administrators, and Alfig..s, shall be Creditors upon the said Rates in an equal Degree one with another, and shall not have any Preference with relpcci to the Priority of any Monies so advanced.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Justices are hereby authorized and required, not only to charge the Rates to be raised upon such County with the Iuterell of the Money so borrowed on such Securities, but also with the Payment of a further Sum equal at lead with the Sum so charged ior the Interest of such Securities, which laid Sums shall be assessed on such County in such Manner as County Rates arc directed to be assessed by the Laws now in being, and paid and applied under the Direction of the said Justices in discharge of the Iuterell, and of so many of the principal Sums on the said Securities as such Money will extend to aii-charge in each Year, until the Whole of the Money for which such Securities shall be made, and the Intercit thereof, shall be fully paid and discharged; and the said Justices are required to lix One or more Day in each Year on which such Payment shall be made, and shall make Orders for Assessments in due Time, so as to provide for the regular Payment thereof; and they are hereby required to appoint a proper Person to keep an Accounts of exncl and regular Account of all the Receipts and Payments under the Authority of this Act, in a Book or Krct ijus and Books, separnte and apart from all other Accounts, and the same to aditiil and settle in such Manner that it I>ayniewl>* tnay ealily be seen what Interest is growing due, and what Principal Money has been discharged, and what

remains due, and the said Book or Books so adjulled and settled to deliver into Court at every General Annual or Michaelmas Quarter Sessions to be held for any such County; and the said Justices are tequired at every such SeiIion3 carefully to inspe£l all such Accounts, and make Orders for carrying the several Purposes of this Act into Execution in such Manner as to them shall seem meet; and if at any Time it shall appear to the said Justices that the Person so appointed has neglected the said Order, and has not duly and without Delay applied the Money in his Hands to the Purposes hereby directed, such Person shall forfeit Double the Amount of the Money which shall not have been applied to the Purposes of this A cl, to be recovered by Diltreis and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of such Justices; and the said Penalty, after the Charges of recovering the same shall be paid to the Treasurer of such Asylum to be applied to the Use of the fame: and the said Justices on a Day and Hour to be fixed at some General Quarter or Annual Sessions of the Peace, to be holden for such County, (of which Fourteen Days publick Notice shall be given as aforesaid, ) Avail in open Court cause all the said several Securities to be drawn by Lot and numbered for Payment according to the Event of such Drawing, and the Securities so drawn and numbered shall be regularly discharged in Succession according to Priority of such drawn Number.

X. Provided al .vays, and be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace in their respective Quarter Money borrowed

Sessions shall and they are hereby required to make Provisions by means of the Rates (which they are hereby be repaid authorized to make), and by their Orders and Directions (which they are hereby authorized to give), in such 14 tar*'

Manner that the whole Money to be borrowed under the Authority of this Act shall be fully paid and discharged

within a Time to be limited, rot exceeding Fourteen Years from the Time of borrowing the fame. '

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may he lawful for the King's most Excellent Majesty, His Corporations, Heirs and Successors, and for all Bodies Politick and Corporate, and also for all Guardians, Committees, guardians, Husbands, Tru flees, and Attornies of any Person or Persons being Infants, Lunatics, Idiots, under Coverture

or any other Disability, and also for all other Persons who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in coiIvtyTands. any Houses, Buildings, Lauds, Tenements, Hereditaments, Easements, or Privileges which shall be deemed ncct flary for the Purposes of this Act, to contraCl or agree for, and to fell, convey, and assure such Houses,

Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Easements, and Privileges unto such Person or Persons as shall be named by the Visiting Justices, in trust and for the Purpose of erecting or providing such Lunatic Asyluin, and the Yards, Courts, and Outlets thereunto belonging; and all such Contracts, Agreements, Sales, Conveyances, and Assurances, shall be valid and effectiinl in Law to all Intents and Purposes wluitloever; any Law,

Statute, Usage, or Cuilom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money which shall be agreed to be paid to any Corporation, Guardian, Committee, Husband, Trustee, or Attorney, for or on Behalf of any Infants,

Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or Celtuique Trulls, or to any other Person or Persons whose Houses,

Buildings, Lauds, Tenements, Hereditaments, Easements, and Privileges, Audi be limited in Settlement, for the Purchase of any such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, shall, in cale such Sums of Money shall exceed the Sum of One hundred Pounds, be laid out by such Corporations, Guardians, Committees, Husbands,

Truthes, or Attornies, or any Person or Persons seised of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements,

Hereditaments, Easements, or Privileges so limited in Settlement, as loon as conveniently may be, in the Purchase of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in Fee-simple, to be conveyed to or to the Lfe of such Corporations, Guardians, Committees, Husbands, Trustees, or Attornies, and to and for such Person or Persons, and for such Ellate and Estates, and to, for, and upon, and subject to such Uses, Limitations, Remainders, and Contingencies as the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Easements, or Privileges for and in respect whereof such Purchase Money shall be paid as aforesaid shall be limited, settled, and allured, at the Time such Purchase or Contract shall be made in Manner aforesaid, or such as shall then be capable of taking effeH, the Charges of such Conveyances and Settlements to be paid in the same Manner as the other Expences relating to the Lunatic Asylum; and in the mean Time, and till such Purchase or Purchases shall be made, such Money, whether the same shall or shall not exceed the Sum of One hundred Pounds,

VjfUUV LL

Application of Pwrcliafv Moucy for Laruts in ScuIcukm, &c.

466

Justices shall not be concerned In Contrails.

Dicing for Materials.

Justices may sue in die Name ot* their Clerk,

Regulations for the Situation of Lunatic Al) turns.

Justices shall by arrant remove into Tuch A Slum Lunatic Tauju rs, and the Parish chargeable shall pay tin* Asylum a weekly Allowance for them.

Penalty on any

-Over leer neglecting to

give lufirruation 10 Just ice ol Lunatic Paupers, Sol. to 40s.

37G.Q.C. 5.§'20#

C. 96. 48° GEORGII III. A.D. 1808.

shall be laid out by such Corporations, or other Persons for the Time being interested therein, in some Government Securities, in the Names of Two Persons, one to be nominated by the Party or Parties for the Time being interfiled therein, and the other by the Visiting Justices aforesaid; and the Interest aridng from such Securities shall be paid to such Person or Persons respectively as would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of such Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Easements, and Privileges, in case the fame had not been fold, or would for the Time being be entitled to the Rents and Profits of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so to be purchased, in case the fame were purchased and settled as aforesaid.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Justice of the Peace, who shall under the Authority of this Add do any Matter or Thing in the Execution hereof, shall be capable of having any beneficial Interest or Concern whatsoever, either in his own Name or in the Name of any other Person in trull for him, in any Contract or Agreement to be made under the Authority of this Act, or shall for any Deiign or Plan he may deliver or produce, receive any Benefit or Emolument whatsoever.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Visiting Justices, or any Five or more of them, shall and may and they are hereby authorized to empower their Agcuits or Workmen to dig, take, and carry away any Soil, Clay, Sand, Gravel, or Stone, and to manufacture the fame for the Purpose of building, carrying on, finishing, and completing such Lunatic Asylum, or other Buildings hereby directed to be built, out of, upon, or from any Common or Waste Land, River, or Brook, without paying any Thing for the fame; theycauling all Pits or Quarries made by such digging and taking to be filled up, or raised and fenced to as not to be dangerous to Pa Hungers or Cattle.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Visiting Justices may file and be sued in the Name of their Clerk, and that no Action that may be brought or commenced by or again! the said Visiting Justices, or any of them, by virtue of this Act, in the Name of their Clerk, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Clerk, or by the A d of such Clerk, without the Con fen t of the said Visiting Justices, or any Five or more of them; but the Clerk to the said Visiting Justices for the Time being shall always be deemed Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action, as the Case shall be.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Visiting Justices, as well in the Choice of Ground and of Situation, as in determining upon the Plans for building or for purchasing and altering Buildings for such Lunatic Alylums, shall, as laras conveniently may be, iix upon an airy and healthy Situation, with a good Supply of Water, and which may afford a Probability of the Vicinity of constant Medical A Alliance, and pursue such Measures, and adopt such Plans, as shall provide separate and distinct Wards for Male and Female Lunatics, and also for the Convalescents and Incurables, and also separate and distinct Day Rooms and Airing Grounds for the Male and Female Convalescents, and dry and airy Cells for the Lunatics of every Description.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That so soon as any Lunatic Asylum so eroded as aforesaid, shall be declared by the Visiting Justices to he completed, and in a fit State for the Reception of Lunatics and other inlane Persons, whereof due Notice shall be given Three Times at the leall in iome publick Newspaper or Newspapers circulating in the County or Distridof Counties united for the Purposes of this Act, the Justices of the Peace acting respectively in and for any County or Counties at the Expence of which such Asylum shall have been built, are hereby authorized and directed to issue Warrants, upon the Application of the Overseers of the Poor of any Parish fttuate within such County or Dili rid of Counties for the Conveyance of any Lunatic, insane Person, or dangerous Idiot who may be chargeable to such Parish, to such Asylum, there to be safely kept until he or she shall be duly discharged as herein after directed; and at the Time of such issuing such Warrant every such Justice shall also make an Order upon the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish to which such Lunatic, insane Person, or dangerous Idiot shall belong, to pay such weekly Sum to the Treasurer of inch Asylum, as shall, from Time to Time, be fixed upon by the Visiting Justices as a lit Rate for the Maintenance, Medicine, Clothing, and Care of such Persons.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Overseer of the Poor of any Parish shall wilfully neglect or delay to give Information to such Justice of the Peace of any such lunatic or insane Person who shall be chargeable to such Parish, or to make Application for such Warrant as aforesaid, during the Space of Seven Days from the Time that he shall he acquainted that Inch Perl on is so lunatic or insane, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum of Money not exceeding Ten Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings, to be recovered by Dili refs and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two Justices of the Peace acting for the County within which such Parish shall be situated, which Warrant such Justices are hereby required to grant upon the Confession of the Party, or upon the Information of any Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justice# are hereby empowered to administer): and the said Penalty, after the Charges of recovering the lame shall be deduded, shall be paid, One Moiety to the Informer, and the other to the Treasurer of the said Alylum, to be applied to the Ute of the same.

XIX. 4 And whereas by an Act passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act to amend and make more effectual the Raws relating to R guts, Ragabonds, and other idle smi di I orderly Persons, and to Houses of Correction, it is among other Things enacted, That whereas there are fomctiines Persons who by Lunacy or otherwise are furiouily mad, or are so far diiordejr d in their SonU s that they may be dangerous to be permitted to go abroad, it shall and may be lawful for any Two or more Juibcel of the Peace where such lunatic or mad Person shall be found, by Warrant under their Hands nr.d Seals directed to the Cor.stables, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Town, or Place, or lo re of them, to cause such Person lo to he apprehended and kept safely locked up in Jomc secure P*jce within the County or Precinct where such Parish, Town, or Place shall lie, ns such Justices shall under the.: 4 Hands and Seals dtreH and appoint, and if such Justices find it necessary to be there chained, it the l eft bpd 4 S* itLment of such Piifo.i shall be in any Perish, Town, or Place within such County or Piecuuft; a; : id lach

iptUlcmciit shall not be there, then such Person shall be font to the Place of his or her lait legal Scttlcn.er.t by

48° GEORGII III.

C. 96. 467

4 a Pass, mu fat Is mutandis, as aforesaid, and shall be locked up or chained, by Warrant of Two Justices of the County or Precinct to which Inch Person is fu font in Manner aforesaid; and the reasonable Charges of removing and of keeping, maintaining, and curing such Person during such Restraint (which shall be for and dining such Time only as such Lunacy or Madness shall continue) shall be satisfied and paid, such Charges being lird proved upon Oath, by Order of Two or more Justices of the Peace, directing the Churchwardens or Overseers where any Goods, Chattels, Lands, or Tenements of such Person shall be, to iri/e and fell so much of the Goods and Chattels, or receive so much of the annual Rents of the Lands and Tenements as is necessary to pay the same, and to account for what is so seized, fold, or received to the next Quarter Sessions; but if such Person hath not an Estate to pay and satisfy the fame, over and above what shall be sufficient to maintain his or her Family, then such Charges shall be satisfied and paid by the Parish, Town, or Place to which such Person belongs, by Order of Two Justices directed to the Churchwardens or Overseers for that Purpose Be it enacted, That in case there shall be a Lunatic Asyltim established under the Directions of this Act for the County or Dillridl of united Counties within which the Parish to which any lunatic or mad Person, apprehended by virtue of the above recited AX, belongs, shall be situated, then such Justices of the Peace who Ik.II by virtue of the above recited AX issue any Warrant for the Confinement of such lunatic or mad Person, shall in the Body of such Warrant so issued by them, direct and order that such lunatic or mad Person shall be confined in such Lunatic Asylum and not el few he re; but if no such Lunatic Asylum shall have been established, then and in such Case it shall and maybe lawful for such Justices, if they think fit, to order and direct by such Warrant that such lunatic or mad Person shall be confined in any House duly licensed for the Reception of Lunatics under the Authority of an AX passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating Madhoufs, although such House may not be situated within the County where the Parish to which such lunatic or mad Person belongs, shall lie.

XX. 4 And whereas it sometimes happens, that by reason of the Lunacy and Madness of such Persons the Place of their legal Settlement cannot be ascertained; be it enacted, That in case the Place of the lall legal Settlement of any lunatic or mad Person, apprehended by virtue of the above recited Act, cannot be ascertained, then the Justices who shall have caused such Person to be apprehended shall by their said Warrant dircX such Person to be confined in the Lunatic Asylum for the County or District of united Counties within which £uch Person shall have been apprehended, if any such Asylum Audi have been established, and not elsewhere; or if no such Asylum shall have been established, in fume House duly licensed for the Reception of Lunatics as aforesaid, or in iome other secure Place as directed by the said recited Act; and if such Person have not an Fdlate to pay and satisfy the reasonable Charges of removing, and of keeping, maintaining, and curing such Person under the Authority of the said recited AX, then i'uch Charges shall be satisfied and paid by the Treasurer of the County within which such Person shall be apprehended, out of the County Rates, by Order of Two Justices to him directed for that Purpose.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this AdF contained shall extend or be construed to extend to render any Lunatic Asylum which may be provided under the Authority of this Act for the Use of any County or united Counties liable to the Reception of Lunatics or insane Persons who may be chargeable to or apprehended in any City, Town, Precinct, Parish, Township, or Place situate within the Limits of such County or united Counties, but claiming Exemption, and being exempt from contributing to the County Rate, unless such City, Town, PrecinX, Parish, Township, or Place, shall have agreed to unite, and shall thereby have contributed to the Expence of the fame under the Powers herein-before given in this Act.

XXII. 4 And whereas in many Parts of this Kingdom Lunatic Asylums have been built and established,

and others may hereafter be built and established, by voluntary Contribution, for the Reception and Care of Lunatics of all Descriptions, contributing to the general Charge of Maintenance, Medicines, and Care, by certain weekly Payments, according to the pecuniary Circumstances of the Parties respectively, or of their immediate Connexions, the Excess of Payments of the more affluent being applied to relieve and lower the Payments of Persons in more limited Circumstances: And whereas it is fit and expedient to support and encourage such laudable Institutions, and it may be of great Advantage that Asylums intended by this AX 4 to be erected for Pauper Lunatics should be united to or connected with such Institutions by voluntary Subscription, be it enacted, That at any Meeting of the Justices of the Peace to be held as aforesaid in any* County for the Purpose of considering and determining on the Expediency and Propriety of providing a Lunatic Asylum or House of Reception for Lunatics or other insane Persons, if it shall appear to the major Part of the Justices so assembled, that it would be expedient to unite and join with any lunatic Asylum so built and established by voluntary Contribution, or so intended to be built and established, it shall be lawful for the Justices so assembled to appoint a Committee (in Manner herein-before*dire died to be appointed to treat with any adjoining County or Counties) to treat with and enter into and subscribe an Agreement with a Committee of Governors, Directors, or Subscribers to such Voluntary Inllitntion, such Committee being authorized and appointed by a Majority of such Subscribers, to be called by publick Advertisement as aforesaid for the express Purpose of making such Appointment; and all Provisions herein-brfore directed in regard to Counties treating and agreeing with each other, shall be adhered to and be cftedtual, so far as the fame will apply, or as the different Circumstances of the Two Cases will admit; and the Number of the Committee of Directors, Governors, or Subscribers, appointed by the Subscribers, shall not exceed the Number of the Committee of Justices to be appointed by the Justices of the Peace on the Part of the County; and such Committee of Subscribers, or the major Part of them, shall be competent to enter into and subscribe any Agreement, to all Intents and Purposes, as fully and effedlnally as any Committee appointed under this AX on the Part of any County uniting to treat with any other County so uniting: Provided always, no Agreement so made by any Committee of Justices shall be valid and have force on the Part of the County, until the same shall have been

/<-submitted t

Justices

committing Lunatii s under .V't shall 1* n I th* m so the A(\!um of the County, or to House li ecu led under

14 G. 6. c. 49.

Where the If^al

Settlement of Lunatic* cannot he di (covered, Justices (half fend them to the Lunatic Asylum, &c. D'ic §19.

Lunatic Asylum shall not be liable'to Reception of Lunatics cltatgeuble to any l'lace not coairibuiiiur.

Justices may auroc to unite ttiili A Mums elbibliihcd by voluntary Contributions*>.

§ 3, 4.

Gioogh

A.D. 1808.

JYnalfv on Smauta in Atylum fullering

I.nniitKs to go at lar^c without Or.U*r oi'.iultices, Uii. lo 4us.

Visittnc? IttflieM

shall restate AlMurjj-, appoint Oriioers, is. c.

A ct § '2.

Tuft ices Air, II <!irr&

)^|A, irs of A I}] uni, &c.

Asylum

excinjnrd from iner^afoil Rates; an< I from \V iutlovv Tax.

no & 40 G. 3. «. 94. §2.

When insane 1>< rfons 1 h.rr^etl ^it)t Murder are kept in C'uliody under reeited Act, JuAires shall enquire into their Seilierwent, and make Order for their Maintenance.

Appeal to Wuarter Sessions.

C. 96. 48° GEORGII III.

submitted to and approved by the Majority of the Justices of the Peace of the County assembled at the next ensuing General Quarter Sessions which shall be held after such Agreement shall have been entered into.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Lunatics, insane Persons, or dangerous Idiots so committed to such Asylum, shall be safely kept, and that no such Person shall be flittered to quit the said Asylum or to be at large until the Visiting Justices of the greater Part of them, shall order the Discharge of such Person, and shall signify the fame in Writing under their Hands and Seals; and that if any Officer, Servant, or AiMant in such Asylum shall notwithstanding, through Neglect or Connivance, permit such Person in any Case to efnpc and be it large without such Order as aforesaid, he or flic shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings, to be recovered by Dillvefs and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two Justices of the Peace acting for the County within which such Asylum shall be situated which Warrant such Justices are hereby required to grant, upon the Confefuon of the Party, or upon the Information of any Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justices are hereby empowered to administer); and the said Penalty, after the Charges of recovering the same shall be deduced, shall be paid one Moiety to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Treasurer of the said Asylum, to be applied to the life of the same.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any such Lur.at'c Asylum shall have been established under the Authority of this Act, the Visiting Justices appointed as aforesaid to fiipe^intend the fame, or the major Part of them, such major Part not being fewer than Five, shall from Time to Time make such Regulations as to them shall seem expedient for the Management and Conduct thereof, in which Regulations shall be set forth the Number and Description of Ollicers and Servants to be kept, the Duties to be required, and what Salaries shall respectively be paid to them; and may appoint a Treasurer, and such other Officers and Servants, together with such Number of Affillants as they shall from Time to Time find necessary in p-oportioa to the Number of Persons confined in such Asylum, and may diimifs any such Officer, Servant, or Assistant if they fee Occasion; and shall from Time to Time fix a certain weekly Rate to be paid for each Person confined in such Asylum, which may be sufficient to defray the whole Expence of the Maintenance and Cave, Medicines and Clothing requisite for such Person, and the Salaries of the Officers and Attendants; provided always, that such Rate shall in no Case exceed Fourteen Shillings per Week; and that the said Visiting Justices shall annually audit the Accounts of the Treasurer, and report the same to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to he holden for the Counties at the Expence of which such Asylum has been established.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That such Visiting Justices may from Time to Time order all such Repairs, or other Expences as may be necessary for such Lunatic Asylums, and shall direct the same to be paid by an Order upon the County Treasurer, where such Asylum shall be established by One County only, or shall apportion the same as afore-mentioned upon each County where such Asylum is established for a District of united Counties, and shall make an Order upon the Treasurer of each of the said united Counties for the Payment of the Proportion to be paid by such County; and that such County Treasurer shall immediately discharge the fame out of any Money which may then be in his Hands, under the Penalty of Double such Sum as he shall be directed to pay, to be recovered from him for the Benefit of such Asylum by Action in any of His Majesty's Courts at IVflint tjler by the Treasurer of the said Asylum.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That in all future Rates, Taxes, and Levies to be made for any Parish or Place in which any Laud or Ground to be purchased for the Purposes of this Act shall be situate, such Land or Ground with any Building to be erected thereon shall not be assessed to any such Rates, Taxes, or Levies, at a higher Value or more improved Rent than the fame Land or Ground was at the Time of such Purchase; nor shall any Building or Buildings which, under this Act, shall be erected on such Land, be assessed to any House or Window Tax, any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVII. 4 And whereas by an Act passed in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and intituled, An Act for the safe Custody of insane Persons charged with Offences, it is enabled, that in certain Cases therein specified it shall be lawful for Courts of Justice to direct insane Persons to be kept in drift Custody, in such Place and in such Manner as to such Courts shall seem fit, until His Majesty's

Pleasure shall be known; and that it shall thereupon be lawful for His Majesty to give such Order for the i'afe Custody of such Persons during His Pleasure in such Place and in such Manner as to His Majesty shall seem tit: And whereas it is expedient that Provision should be made for the due Maintenance and Care of such Persons while they shall be so kept in Custody; be it enacted, That in all Cases where any Person shall by virtue of the above last recited Act be kept in such Custody as a lunatic or insane Person, by Order of any Court or by His Majesty's Order subsequent thereto, it shall and may be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace of the County where such Person shall be so kept in Custody, to enquire into and ascertain by the bell legal Evidence that can be procured under the Circumstances of personal legal Disability of such Lunatic, the Place of the jail legal Settlement, and the Circumstances of such Person; and if it shall not appear that he or she is possessed of sufficient Property which can be applied to his or her Maintenance, to make Order upon such Parish where they shall adjudge him or her to be legally settled, to pay such weekly Sum for his or her Maintenance in such Place of Custody as such Court or His Majesty shall appoint, as shall from Time to Time be fixed upon and directed in Writing by One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State; and that where such Place of Settlement cannot be ascertained, such Allowance shall be paid by the Treasurer of the County where such Person shall have been apprehended; but if it shall appear that such Person is possessed of such fufneient Property as aforesaid, then such Justices shall order and direct the same to be applied to pay and satisiy the Expence of the Maintenance of such Person, in the Manner directed in the Case of Lunatics and mad Person* by the above recited Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of King George the Second: Provided always, that the Churchwardens and Overseers of such Parish in which the said Justices shall adjudge any Lunatic to be lr., a! y settled, or the major Part of them, may appeal against such Order to the Gettvrul Quarter Sessions of the lhr.ee

10

48° GEORGII III. C. 96. 4<

to be holden for the County where such Order shall be made, 'in like Manner, and under like Restrictions and Regulations as against any Order of Removal, giving reasonable Notice thereof to the Clerk or the Peace of such County, who shall be Respondent in such Appeal; which said Appeal the Justices of the Peace assembled at the said General Quarter Sessions are hereby authorized and empowered to hear and determine, in the same Manner as other Orders of Removal are now heard and determined.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Provisions, Directions, Clauses, Matters, and Things what- Provision* «s t ever in this Act contained relating to Counties, shall extend and he construed to extend to all Ridings, Divisions, ro

Cities, Towns, Liberties, and Places poflefTing Separate Jurisdictions; and if relating to Parishes, shall extend [tlTin'!* &c. and be construed to extend to all Vills, Tovrnships, and Places maintaining their own Poor, as fully and amply as if they were Severally and respectively repeated in every Such Provision, Direction, and Clause, and with relation to any Such Matter or Tiling.

SCPIEDULE N° 1.

FORM of AGREEMENT for uniting the Counties or Ridings, &c. [jx the Case pray be'] of A.B. and C.; for the Purpose of providing a Lunatic Asylum or House for the Reception of Lunatics and Infaue Persons, pursuant to the Statute of the Forty-eighth Year of King George the Third.

IT is agreed this Day of by and between the Committees of Justices of the Peace Severally appointed for the Counties for Ridings, Cities, Sec. as the Case may be] of A.B. C. to treat for the uniting of the said Counties for the Purposes of an Act (for the better Care and Maintenance of Panpers and Criminal Lunatics) passed in the Forty-eighth Year of His Majesty King George the Third, that the said Counties f See. as the Case may be] shall from henceforth be united for the Purposes of the said Act, and adopt in all Respects the Provisions, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, and comply with all the Requifitcs prescribed by the Said Act for Counties uniting for those Purposes; and that a Lunatic Asylum or House for the Reception of Lunatics and other lufane Persons, with all necessary Buildings, Courts, Yards, and Outlets, shall be immediately provided at or near and properly fitted up and

accommodated for the Purposes mentioned in the said Act; and that the necessary Expences attending upon the providing, building, fitting up, Repairs and Maintenance of the said Lunatic Asylum, shall be defrayed by the said Counties so united, in the following Proportions, that is to say;

The County of A. Four-Ninths of the said Expences.

The County of B. Three-Ninths of the same.

The County of C» Two-Ninths of the fame [or as the Case may be].

And we do further agree, That the Committee of Visiting Justices to superintend the Building, Erection, and Management of the Said Lunatic Asylum, shall confiil of Eighteen [or, as the Case may be]; whereof the Justices of the Peace for the said County of A. shall appoint Eight, the Justices of the Peace for the County of B. Dull appoint Six, and the Justices of the Peace for the County of C. shall appoint Four: And hereunto we, the undersigned Justices of the Peace, being the major Part of each of the said Committees of Justices for the said Several Counties, do, on the Part and Behalf of the said Counties, Set our Hands and Seals, this JDay of in the Year

SCHEDULE N° II.

FORM of MORTGAGE and CHARGE upon the County Rates for securing the Money borrowed.

WE A.B. One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace and Chairman of the Court of Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County, &c. of [as the Case shall be] holden at

the Day of C.D. and E. F. Esquires, Two other of His Majesty'»

Justices of the Peace ailing for the said County, CsV. and assembled in the said Court, in pursuance of the Powers to us given by an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the 'Third, intituled, [&c. here insert the Title of the Act] Do hereby in open Court mortgage and charge all the Rates to be raised within the said County, [&c. as the Case shall be] under the Description of County Rates by the Laws now in being, with the Payment of the Sum of which G. H. of

hath proposed and agreed to lend, and hath now actually advanced and paid towards defraying the Expences of purchasing Lands for building, repairing, [&c. as the Case shall be] the Lunatic Asylum for the said County, [5cc. or the United Counties of, &c. as the Case may be] And we do hereby confirm and establish the fame unto the said G. H. "his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for securing the Repayment of the said Sum of and Interest for the fame, after the Katu

of per Centum per Annum, and do order the Treasurer for such County, &c. or other Person

[as the Case shall be] to pay the Interest of the said Sum of Half-yearly,

-as the same shall become due, until the Principal shall be discharged, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act.

48 Geo. III.

JT

47°

C. 97>98

A.D. 1808.

27G.C.f.

for farmin'* Duties 0» Hurfes, grant* d by

2: G. 3. c. 51. Schedule (B.) Said Duties repealed by 44 G. .3. c. ye. § I. 5.

New Duties under 44 G. 3. c. 98.

Schedule (A.)

Schedule (TJ.)

Farmed under 4i G. 3. C. $6.

Treasury may authorize the Gommi (Tamers of Stumps to let to Farm the Duties granted by 4 4 G. a. c. 98. for any Term not beyond 1 February 1812.

48° GEORGII III.

CAP. XCVII.

An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain> for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight.

[23d June 1808.]

Treasury may issue Exchequer Bills, in Manner prescribed by 48 G. 3. c. 1. chargeable on Supplies for 44 1808. § I. Clauses, &c. in recited Act, relating to Exchequer Bills, extended to this Act. §2, 3. Interest not exceeding $\d. per Centum per Diem. §4. Bills may, at the Expiration of Four Months after Date,

44 be taken in Payment of the Revenue. § c. Bank of England authorized to advance 6, 000, 000l. on 'Credit of this Act. $6."

CAP. XCVIII.

An Act for letting to Farm the Duties on Horses hired by the Mile or Stage, to be used in travelling, and 011 Horses hired for a less Period of Time than Twenty-eight Days, for drawing Carriages used in travelling Poll, or otherwise, in Great Britain, and for better securing the said Duties.

[23d June 1808.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled,

" An Act to enable the I*ord High Treasurery or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being) to let to Farm the Duties granted by an Act made in the Twenty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, on Her jet let to Hire for travelling Post and by Time, to such Persons asffjould be willing to conirad for the fame) the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury were empowered to let to Farm the several Duties on Horses let to Hire, therein particularly set forth and mentioned to have been granted by the said Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of His Majesty's Reign, for any Term not exceeding Three Years, under certain Regulations and Restrictions expressed and contained in the said Act of the Twenty-seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign: And whereas by an Act passed in the Forty-fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to repeal the several Duties under the Commissioners for managing the Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper in Great Britain, and to grant new and additional Duties in lieu thereof, the several Duties granted by the said Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of His Majesty's Reign, on Horses let toHire as therein mentioned, and extended in certain Cases by an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of His Majesty's Reign, for enlarging the Time for which Horses might be let to Hire without being subject to any annual Duty, and other Purposes, and also tire Duties granted by the said Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of His Majesty's Reign, on Licences for letting Horses to Hire in the Manner therein mentioned, were repealed, and in lieu thereof it was enacted, that from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and four, there should be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the several Duties following; (that is to say) for and in respect of a Licence to be taken out Yearly by every Postmaster or other Person in Great Britain who should let to Hire any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, for the Purpose of travelling Poll by the Mile, or from Stage to Stage, or who (being a Person usually letting Horses to Hire), should let to Hire fora Day or any less Period of Time than Twenty-eight successive Days, any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, for drawing any Coach or other Carnage used in travelling Poll or otherwise, the Sum of Five Shillings; and for and in respect of every Horse, Mare, or Gelding hired by the Mile or Stage, to be used in travelling in Great Britain, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny For every Mile such Horse, Mare, or Gelding should be hired to travel, and for and in respect of every Horte, Mare, or Gelding hired for a less Period of Time than Twenty eight successive Days for drawing on any publick Road any Coach or other Carriage used in travelling Post or otherwise, if the Difiance at the Time of hiring should be ascertained, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny for every Mile such Horse, Mare, or Gelding should be hived to travel; and for and in respect of every Horse, Mare, or Gelding so hired as lafi above-mentioned, in any Case where the Distanc# should not at the Time of hiring be ascertained, the Sum of One Shilling and Nine-peuce for each Day fir which such Horse, Mare, or Gelding should be so hired, with an Exception of Hcrfe3, Mares, or Geldings used in licensed Hackney Coaches, where the fame should be employed to go no greater Distance than Ten Miles from the City of London or Westminster, or the Suburbs thereof, which said several Duties are now by force of the said Act of the Forty-fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign secured, raised, levied, and collected by and under the Provisions and Regulations of the said Acts of the Twenty-fifth and Forty-second Years of His Majesty's Reign, relating to the said Duties so repealed as aforesaid: And whereas the said Duties granted by the said Act of the Forty-fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, in respect of Horses, Marcs, and Geldings, hired in the Manner aforesaid, are now let to Farm under the Authority of an Act passed in the Forty-fifth Year of His Majesty's Reign, for a Term of Years, which will expire on or before the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and nine, and it is expedient that the said Duties should be let to Farm for a further Term, and that feme further Provisions should be made for better securing the fame; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted, by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, Tint from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, for the Time being, and they are hereby empowered, from Time to Time, as it shall be necessary, either by themselves or by His Majesty's Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties, or feme of them, to be authorized for that Purpose, under the Hands of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, for tire Time being, to let to Farm the said several Duties granted by the (hid Act of the Forty fourth Year of His Majdby's Reign, for and in respect of Horse*, Mares aid

' b, GOOgk

m

A.D. 1808.

48° GEORGII III.

C. 98.

471

-ut

2 X -

so-

jv

-Wr-

f-'-v'i -

Sdn

3

W-f'

pr>-'

jSij:

Powers of

0; a. C. 2*. extended to ijki# Ad.

Deposit shall l»e inode \tf C on trad or* under Orders t Trtaiury or Stamp Office.

Ccldings hired in the Manner aforesaid, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing* to farm the fame after the Expiration of the present Leases thereof, in such separate and particular Didricts as shall be deemed proper And convenient, and under and subject to the Regulations and Riilrhtions contained in the said Act of the Tveenty-seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, with regard to the Duties thereby authorized to be let to Farm, so far as the same are applicable and not hereby altered: Provided always, that none of the said Duties shall be let to Farm for any longer Terra or Time than until the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

II. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Regulations, and Directions contained in and prescribed by the said Act of the Twenty-seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, shall be deemed and taken to be in full Force and Effect with respect to the said Duties hereby allowed to be let to Farm, and to the letting of the fame, and to the Farmers thereof, and to all other Matters and Things relating thereto, as far as the same are or shall be applicable and not altered by or repugnant to the express Provisions of this Act, as fully and effectually as if the fame had been herein repeated and specially enacted with Reference to the said Duties hereby allowed to be farmed.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or the said Commissioners of the Stamp Duties, authorized as aforesaid, 10 prescribe the Time for making a Deposit of a Sum of Money, and the Amount thereof, on account of the Rent to be paid by the Person or Persons who shall con trad to farm any of the said Duties hereby allowed to be farmed; and in case such Person or Persons shall fail to make such Deposit within the Time prescribed, or shall fail to execute a proper Contract in Writing, and to give Security for the due Performance of such Contract in the Manner directed by the said Act of the Twenty-seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, within the Time to be appointed for that Purpose, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, authorized as aforesaid, to declare the Contract void, and to cause the Duties comprised in such Contract to be again put up to be let to Farm, pursuant to the Directions of this and the said Act of the Twenty-seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, and so from Time to Time, as often as any such Failure shall be made.

IV. And be it further enacted, That notwithstanding any Thing to the contrary contained in an Act of Stamp Duty o« the present Section, for repealing the Stamp Duties on Deeds and other Instruments, and for granting new Deputation* t# Duties in lieu thereof, bo Deputation or Commission to be hereafter granted pursuant to the said several herein- Collector* shall before mentioned Acts, or any of them, appointing any Person to be a Collector of the said Duties on Horses, not 'xr, : c<i Mares, and Geldings hired in the Manner aforesaid, shall be charged or chargeable with any higher Stamp Duty than One Pound and Ten Shillings.

V. 'And, for better securing the Duties granted by the said Act of the Forty-fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, in respect of such Licences as aforesaid, ' be it further enacted, That the several Licences for letting Horses to Hire, which shall have been granted pursuant to the said herein-before mentioned Acts, or any of them, and shall be in force at the Time of passing this Act, and also such as may be granted after the passing of this Act, and before the Thirty-Aril Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nine, shall respectively 31 continue in force until the said Thirtydirst Day of January inclusive, and no longer; and that from and after " Jr< that Day all Licences for letting Horses to Hire, which shall be granted in pursuance of the said Acts or any

of them, between the Thirty-first Day of January and the Sixteenth Day of March in any Year, shall be dated on the First Day of February, and all Licences for letting Horses to Hire, which shall be granted in pursuance of the said Acts or any of them, at any other Time, shall be dated on the Day on which the same shall be granted, and all such Licences respectively shall have Effect and continue in force from the Day of the Date thereof, until the Thirty-first Day of January following, both inclusive, and no longer.

VI.*And, for better securing the Duties granted by the said Act of the Forty-fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, in respect of Horses, Mares, and Geldings hired in the Manner aforesaid, ' be it further enacted, That from and after the Tliirt y-lirlt Day o {January One thousand eight hundred and nine, where Persons Horded any Person or Persons who shall be licensea to let Horses to Hire in the Manner aforesaid, in pursuance of the to J, '|^said herein-before mentioned Acts or any of them, shall keep any Carriage or Carriages used in travelling, to y

be furnished at the same Time with any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, Horses, Mares, or Geldings, by him, her, or them let to Hire by the Mile or Stage (other than mid except Mourning Coaches used to attend Funerals, which shall remain subject to the fame Regulations as heretofore) he, she, or they shall, before any such Carriage shall be so furnished, cause every Carriage kept by him, her, or them, for the Purpose aforesaid, to be numbered with a different Number, beginning with Number One, and proceeding upwards successively to the higlieft Number of Carnages which he, she, or they shall so keep, and shall also mark or paint, or caufl to be marked or painted, in one or more straight Line or Lines, on the outside Pannel of each Door of every such Carriage which shall have a Door thereto, and on fume conspicuous Part of each of the Outiides of every such Carriage which shall not have a Door then to, his, her, or their Christian and Surname, and the Name of the City, Town, or Place where he, she, or they shall keep such Carriages to be furnished as aforesaid, and the Number of every £irch Carriage, iri large and legible Characters and Figures of Black or White, whichever shall most differ from the Colour of*. lie C Triage whereon the same shall be marked or painted, each Letter to be at least One Inch in Length, and each Figure °t lead One Inch and an Half in Length, and both Letters and Figures to be of a proper Breadth in proportion to the Length thereof reflectively, and shall continue the fame 011 every such Carriage ?.s long as i\: ch Carriage shall be kept for the Purpose aforesaid, varying the Numbers on such Carriages from Time to Time as Occasion shall require, so as to make the fame correspond with the actual Number of such Carriages which he, she, or they shall then keep; and if any Person or Persons ioI,

so licensed as aforesaid shall neglect or omit to number, mark, or paint any such Carriage in Manner aforesaid, or shall mark or paint, or cuule to be marked or painted thereon, any falie or fictitious Lame or Place, or any

iP

ll. 10c.

Period of Licence* fi# Jetting Horl'ec* 31 January

; faaJ' number t!je jbinr, a id paintir Nameu4. Place ol Ale* tlmreon.

472

C. 98.

48° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1808.

Particulars to lie insertctl in the Stamp Office Weekly Account iuftcad of those required by 35 G. 3. c. 51. 5>7.

Penalty 101.

Persons charging a specific Sum for the whole Distance shall be accountable for One fourth vf the Amount as the Duty imposed by 44G. 3. C. 98.

Licensed Persons letting Horses to hire by the Mile, &c. shall enter Particu !ars in Weekly Accounts on the Day of letting.

Persons not licensed so letting shall be accountable for the Duties under 44 G. 3. c. 98. and deliver Account to the Collector, ou Notice, and fAjf the Dune*.

higher Number than the greatest Number of such Carriages which he, she, or they shall then keep, or shall keep Two or more such Carriages with the fame Number marked or painted thereon, or shall continue any Number upon any such Carriage after he, she, or they shall cease to keep a Number of such Carriages corresponditig therewith, he, she or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Tea Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Thirty-first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nine, all and every Person and Persons so licensed as aforesaid shall, instead of the Particulars required by the said Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of His Majesty's Reign to be inserted in his, her, or their Stamp Office Weekly Account, insert and set forth therein the several Particulars following; (that is to say, ) whenever he, she, or they shall let to Hire by the Mile or Stage any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, Horses, Mares, or Geldings, to be used in travelling, the Number of Horses, Mares, or Geldings so let to Hire, the Number of Miles which the same shall be hired to go, the Names of the Towns or Places from which and to which the same shall be hired to go, the Month and Day of the Month and Week when the same shall be hired, the Sort or Description of every Carriage, and the Number of every Carriage hereby required to be numbered, which he, she, or they shall furniffi, together with any such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, Horses, Mares, or Geldings, and the Christian and Surname of every Postillion or Driver employed therewith, and also the Amount of the Duty payable for and in respect of the fame upon every such Hiring; and whenever he, she, or they shall let to Hire, for any Period of Time Iefs than Twenty-eight successive Days, any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, Horses, Mares, or Geldings, for drawing any Carriage used in travelling as aforesaid, the Number of Horles, Mares, or Geldings so let to hire, the Month and Day of the Month and Week when the same shall be hired, the Sort or Description of every Carriage, and the Number of every Carriage hereby required to be numbered, which shall be furnished therewith, the Christian and Surname of every Postillion or Driver employed with the fame, the Time for which the same shall be hired, and the Number of Miles which the same shall be hired to go, where the Distance shall be ascertained, and also the Amount of the Duty payable for and in respect of the fame upon every such Hiring; and in .case of any Refusal or Neglect to insert the said several Particulars, or any of them, in any such Weekly Account as aforesaid, he, she, or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds, and all the Regulations* Directions, Forfeitures, and Penalties contained in the said Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of His Majesty's Reign, relative to the Stamp Office Weekly Accounts, and not hereby altered or varied, shall be deemed and taken to be in force, and to apply to such Accounts, with such Alterations and Variations as are herein-before directed and required to be made therein.

VIII.*And, for preventing Frauds and Evasions of the said Duties granted by the said Act of the Forty* 'fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign', be it further enacted, That from and after the Thirty-first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nine, where any Person or Persons so licensed as aforesaid shall let to Hire, by the Mile or Stage, any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, Horses, Mares, or Geldings, to be used in travelling, and shall charge the Person or Persons hiring the fame a specific Sum of Money for the whole Stage or Distance which the same shall be hired to go, and not after the usual or any certain Rate per Mile, the Person or Persons letting such Hoise, Mare, or Gelding, Horses, Mares, or Geldings, shall be accountable for One fourth Part of the Sum of Money so to be charged by him, her, or them, as and for the Duty imposed by the said Act of the Forty-fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign in such Case, and shall deliver to the Person or Persons hiring such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, Horses, Mares, or Geldings, the like Stamp Office Ticket as if the fame had been charged for per Mile, except that instead of the Number of Miles there shall be therein expressed the specific Sum charged for the fame; and the Person or Persons letting such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, Horses, Mares, or Geldings, shall also enter in the Stamp Office Weekly Account required to be kept by the said Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of His Majesty's Reign, One fourth Part of the Sum so to be charged as aforesaid, as and for the Duty payable in respect of such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, Horses, Mares, or Geldings, and shall pay the same accordingly to the Collector or CoIIedors who shall be authorized to receive the said Duties; and if any such licensed Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect so to do, he, she, or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Thirty-first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nine, all and every Person and Persons so licensed as aforesaid, who shall let to Hire by the Mile or Stage any Horse, Mare, or Gelding to be used in travelling, or shall let to Hire for any less Period of Time than Twenty-eight successive Days, any Horse, Mare, or Gelding for drawing any Carnage used in travelling as aforesaid, shall enter, or cause to be entered in his, her, or their Stamp Office Weekly Account the several Particulars by this Act required to be inserted therein, on the same Day on which he, she, or they shall let such Horse, Mare, or Gelding to Hire as aforesaid; and in Default thereof he, she, or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons not being licensed as aforesaid, shall, after the said Thirty-first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nine, let t? Hire by the Mile or Stage ar.y Horse, Mare, or Gelding, to be used in travelling, or shall let to Hire for any Period of Time Iefs than Twenty-eight successive Days, any Horse, Mare, or Gelding for drawing any such Carriage as aforesaid, he, she, or they shall be chargeable with and accountable for the Duty or Duties granted by the said Act of the Forty-fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, for and in respect of every Horse, Mare, or Gelding so to he let to Hire, in such a <d the same Manner as if he, she, or they had obtained such Licence as aforesaid, and had received such Duty or Duties of and from the Person or Persons hiring such Horse, Mare, or Gilding, and /ha) from Time to Time, upon a Week's Notice in Writing for that Purpose given by any Collector of the said Duties for the County, District, or Place where he, she, or they shall so let any Horse, Mare, or Gelding to Hire as aforesaid, deliver to such Collector, whenever by him requested, after the Expiration of Inch

1, Notice*

A.D. 1808.

473-

48* Georgii nr. 0.98, 99.

Notice, a true Account in Writing, signed by him, her, or them, of every Horse, Mare, and Gelding, which he, she, or they shall have let to Hire in the Manner aforesaid, and shall not then have already accounted for, and of the Duty or Duties payable in respect thereof, and shall thereupon pay to such Collector the Amount of such Duty or Duties; and in case of any Refusal or Neglect so to do, then he, she or they shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds for every Default in not so delivering such Account, and double the Amount of the Duty or Duties which he, she, or they shall be then chargeable with for the Non-payment thereof: Provided always, that where any such Notice shall have been given, and Request made for the Delivery of such Account as aforesaid, then upon the Delivery of such Account and Payment of the Duty due thereon in pursuance of such Notice and Request, the Person or Persons so delivering and paying the fame, shall be indemnified and discharged from any Penalty or Penalties which he, she, or they may beuhen liable to, in consequence of having let to Hire any Hone, Mare, or Gelding, in the Manner mentioned in such Account, without having obtained such Licence as aforesaid.

XI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Thirty-first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nine, where any Person and Persons liable to account for and pay any Duty or Duties granted by the said Act of the Forty-fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, for and in respect of any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, Horses* Mares, or Geldings, by him, her, or them let to Hire as aforesaid, shall refuftvor neglect to account for and pay the same according to the Directions of the said herein-before mentioned Acts, or any of them, oro/ this Act, to the Collector appointed to receive such Duties for the County, District, or Place where he, she, or they shall have let to Hire such Horse, Mare, or Gelding* Horses, Mares, or Geldings, and such Duty or Duties shall not exceed the Sum of Five Pounds, it shall be lawful for such Collector, first obtaining a Warrant for that Purpose, under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace residing near the Place where any such letting to Hire shall have been made, (which Warrant shall be granted by such Justice or Justices on Complaint made to him or them, and on due Proof of the Sum due and owing for such Duty or Duties as aforesaid, by the voluntary Confession of the Party, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, ) to distrain such Person or Persons by his, her, or their Goods and Chattels, for the Amount of such Duty or Duties, and the Distress so to be taken, to detain and keep for the Space of Four Days, at the Costs and Charges of such Person or Persons; and if he, she, or they shall not within that Time pay the Amount of such Duty or Duties, with the Coils and Charges of taking and keeping such Distress, then the Goods and Chattels so distrained shall be sold by such Collector, who shall render the Overplus of the Money arising by the Sale thereof, if any shall remain after deducting and retaining the Amount of such Duty or Duties, and the Coils and Charges of taking, keeping, and felling such Distress, to the Person or Persons lo to be distrained as aforesaid; and it shall also be lawful for such Collector for the Purpose of taking such Distress, to break open in the Day-time any House er Place where any Goods or Chattels of such Person or Persons shall be, being thereunto authorized by such Warrant as aforesaid, and calling to his Assistance aConilable, Tythingman, or Headborough of the County, Shire, Stewartry, City, Town, or Place where any Refusal or Resistance shall be made, which said Officers are hereby required to aid and a (Till therein.

XII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, all pecuniary Penalties amounting to Ten Pounds or upwards, and not amounting to Fifty Pounds, imposed by this Act, or by the said Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of His Majesty's Reign, may be sued for, recovered, and levied, either in the Manner prescribed by that Act with regard to Penalties amounting to Fifty Pounds, or in the Manner thereby prescribed with regard to Penalties not amounting to Fifty Pounds: and all pecuniary Penalties not amounting to Ten Pounds, imposed by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, and levied in the Manner prescribed by the said Act of the Twe ity-fifth Year of His Majesty's Reign with regard to Penalties of the fame Amount.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act all pecuniary Penalties imposed by this Act and by the said several herein-before mentioned Acts, in anywise relating to the said Duties hereinbefore particularly mentioned, which shall be sued for within Six Calendar Months after the same shall be incurred, shall be divided and go in the Manner following; that is to say. One Moiety thereof shall go to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof, together with full Cods of Suit, shall go to the Person or Persons who shall inform and sue for the fame; and it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever to inform and sue for the fame within the Time aforesaid, not with (landing the Provisions to the contrary contained in the said Act of the Forty-fourth Year of His Majesty's - Reign, or in any other Act or Acts; and all such

v Penalties as shall not be sued for within the Time aforesaid, shall go and belong wholly to His Majesty, His-> Heirs and Successors.

0 Act may be altered this Session. §14."+

CAP. XCIX^y

An Act for depositing Prize Goods liable to Duty in Wareooufes under the Care of the Officers of the Custoras and Excisej and for reducing Spirits condemned as Prize to a proper Strength, for Home Consumption*[23d June 1808.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled*.

?v An Act for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes <with respect to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in Great Britain during Hostilities, it was enacted, that any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize which should have been taken as Prize (ince the Commencement, or might be taken during the Continuance of

Hostilities, and which had been or might be brought into Great Britain, by any of His Majesty's Ships of

War, or by any Private, or other Ship or Vessel having Commission from the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the Time being, or which had been or might be seized by any Non-commissioned Vessel, or othemife as Droits of*

Admiralty.

Penalty 10?. and double Duties.

Duties net exceeding 5?. may be recovered: by Distress.

Recovery of Penalties.

Application of Peuahita.

43 G. a. C. 134.

474 c-99-

48° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1808.

Ton igtf Spirit*,

Wine, N.C. ami other Kxciuabie Goexis taken as Prize shall on landing be secured in Warehouses under the King's Look, Surh Goods shall be in Charge of Customs and Excise till delivered for Home Constimp-tion or Exportation.

Officers of Ex rile shall gauge and keep Account of such Goods.

5»ueh Goods delivered out for IIo; ne ('oufuinp-tion shall be accompanied with an Exeifc Permit, and Goods lor Exportation (bull he shipped in Prefenee of Officer, &»e.

Admiralty fhoffid and might upon Condemnation thereof, as lawful Prize be landed in any Port in Great Britain, and secured under the King's Locks in Warehouses provided at the foie Expence of the Captors, with the Privity and Approbation, and under the Care and Inspection of the Commissioners, or other Principal Officer- for collecting and managing the respective Duties of Customs, and by the said Act certain Rules, Regulations, ' and Provisions are prescribed, settled, and established for placing such Goods under the Care and Management of the Commissioners of Customs in Manner in the said Act mentioned: And whereas it is expedient that all 1 Foreign Spirits, Wine, Coffee, Cocoa Nuts, Tea, Tobacco, Snuff, and other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize of a Sort or Kind, in respect whereof any Duty of Excise is by Law imposed, taken as Prize which shall upon 1 Condemnation thereof as lawful Prize have been or shall be landed in any Part of Great Britain, shall be secured in such Warehouses as are herein after in that Behalf mentioned be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eight, all Foreign Spirits, Wine, Coffee, Cocoa Nuts, Tea, Tobacco, Snuff, and other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize of a Sort or Kind, in respect whereof any Duty of Excite is by Law imposed, taken as Prize, which shall upon Condemnation thereof as lawful Prize, have Ken or shall be landed in Great Britain, shall be secured under the King's Lock in Warehouses provided at the Expence of the Captors, with the Privity and Approbation, and under the Care and Inspection of the Commissioners, or other Principal Officers of the Customs and Excise respectively.

B<>rort on flujjping Wine and Spirits lor Exportation.

Treasury may authorize ( uni-mitfioncp! of J*\cifc to inerrafe or'At^nniilh the .Siremith of i'azc Spirit*.

Such Spirits

subjr<sted f Regulations of Warehoutiin? Ati*.

43 G. 3. c. ioa, 45 G, 3. c.

46 G, 3, c. iay.

II. And be it further enacted, That all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, so secured in any such Warehouse, shall be and remain under the Charge, Custody, and Management of the said respective Commissioners, and the proper Officers of the Cuiloms and Excise respectively, until the same shall be regularly delivered from and out of such Warehouse for Home Consumption, or shall be actually shipped for Exportation and exported, or shall be delivered out of any such Warehouse for any other Purpose, under the Authority and with the Leave of the Commissioners of the Customs and Excise.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Officers of Excise or any of them, from Time to Time to inspect, examine, gauge, weigh, and take and keep Accounts of all such Good?, Wares, and Merchandize in the same Manner as any such Officer or Officers is or shall be authorized or empowered by any Act or Acts of Parliament to do with respect to Goods, Wares, or Merchandize of the fame Sort or Kind regularly imported.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, subject to a Duty of Excise, which shall be delivered or taken out of any such Warehouse for Home Consumption, shall be accompanied by an Excise Permit granted according to the Laws in that Case made and provided, and in case any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall be delivered or taken out of any such Warehouse for Exportation, the fame a«d every Part thereof shall forthwith and without any unnecessary Delay, and in the Prefenee of the proper Officer* of Excise be carried to and put onboard the Ship or Vessel, in which the same are intended to be exported; and in case the fame or any Part thereof shall be altered in Quantity or Quality, after being delivered from or out of the Warehouse, and before the same shall be exported, or shall not be actually put on board such Ship or Yell'd, or if the Whole or any Part thereof, shall after being so shipped be unlhi^ped, or put into any other Ship or Vessel, or into any Boat (Shipwreck or others unavoidable Accident excepted), or shall be relanded in Great Britain, all such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, the shipping of which shall be so omitted or neglected, or which shall be altered in Quantity or Quality, shall be unshipped or relanded, shall together with the Package* containing the fame be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

V. And be it further enacted, That in respect of Wine and Spirits respectively condemned as Prize,

and which shall be taken out of any such Warehouse to be shipped for Exportation, Security shall be given by Bond, as in the Case of Wine and Spirits respectively, which shall have been or shall be regularly imported in the usual Course of Trade, and exported from Great Britain to Foreign Parts by Way of Merchandize.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall be found necessary or expedient to increase or diminish the Strength of any Prize Spirits condemned as aforesaid, in order to render the lame fit and proper to be sold for Home Consumption, it shall and may'be lawful to and for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three of them, by Warrant under their Elands to authorize, empower, and direct the Commissioners of Excise to cause any Prize Spirits duly condemned as aforesaid, to be brought to such Strength as shall be thought proper, to render the fame fit for Sale for Home Consumption, either by the Admixture of One Part with another, or with Water, or by Re-dillillation and Adjustment at the Expence of the Captors, Agents, Purchasero, or Proprietors of such Spirits; and all such Spirits so made or brought to such Strength shall be subject and liable to such Rules, Regulations, and Conditions as are herein after mentioned.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all such Foreign Spirits so made or brought to such Strength as aforesaid, under the Authority of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, shall be subjrd to all ami Angular the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions, contained, provided, settled, or established in or by an Act made in the forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for permitting jcertain Goods imported into Great Britain, to be secured in Warehouse without Payment of Duty, or in or by another Act made in the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, intituled, An Act toauik-rize the Lords Commissionters of His Majesty's Treasury, to permit certain Articles to be warehoused in dfrcnl Ports in Great Britain, upon giving Security for the Payment of Duties upon the Articles mentioned, or in or by another Act made in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reignof His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to extend tit Powers of an Act made in the Forty-third Fear of His present Majesty, for permitting certain Articles to he vert* housed in fjreat Britain> t§ other Articles not therein mentioned> and to alter the Condition of the Bond dirxkJnh

A.D. 1808.

48° GEORGII III.

475

C. 99 — 102.

riven by an Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, by the Masters and Owners of Vessels and Boats tieenfed by the Lords of the Admiralty, as the Case may require, for or in respect of Brandy, Rum, Geneva, or other Spirits respectively, so far as the said Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions, in or by the said Acts can or may be applied to such Brandy, Rum, Geneva, or other Spirits.

CAP. C.

An Act for extending the Provisions of an Art made in the Forty-seventh Year of His present 4? G. 3. ft.9 Majesty, so far as respects the Payment of Prize Money arising from Captures made by Foreign in c*47* conjunction with British Ships, to Captures made by the Land Forces of Foreign States in conjunction with the British* [23d June 1808.]

' Money in hand arising from the Capture of Malta, or from other Captures made by Land Forces belonging* to any Foreign States in conjunction with His Majesty's Forces, shall be paid over to the Ministers of such4 Foreign States respectively for the Benefit of the several Captors.'

CAP. Cl.

An Act for extinguishing the Right of Way over a Lane or Road leading across the Exercising Ground See flat. 44 G. s> in front of Chatham Lineiy and for veiling the Soil thereof in His Majesty, His Heirs and c-'y' Successors.

[23d 1808.]

CAP. CII.

An Act for appointing Commissioners for carrying into Execution an Art of this Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions and Offices in England; and an Art made in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

[23d June 1808.]

4 YT7 I1EREAS by an Art made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing to 4bG.0. c. 2.

His Majesty certain Duties on J\IalI, Sugar, Tobacco, and Snuffy in Great Britain, and on Pensions and Offices in England; and for repealing so much of certain Acts as relate to certain Duties of Sixpence and One Shilling respectively on Offices and Pensions; and for re-granting the said Duties of Sixpence and One Shilling rej'pechvely; and the said other Duties, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eighty it wai enabled, that all and every the Persons, who, in and by certain Arts therein mentioned, made in the Forty- 45 G. : ).<?. 49.

fifth and FuTty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, were named and appointed Commissioners 46 G. : j. c. rnr.

1 (duly qualifying themselves) for putting the several Acts therein specified into Execution, within the several Counties, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, Divisions, and Places of England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, should be Commissioners for putting the said Art into Execution, so far as the fame relates to the Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, unless before the Day therein appointed for the first Meeting of the Commissioners for putting the said Act into Execution, so far as the fame relates to the Duties on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, some Act or Acts of Parliament should be made for naming and appointing Special Commissioners for putting the said Art into Execution, so far as

the fame relates to the Duties on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates: And whereas it is expedient, that

other Commissioners should he appointed for putting into Execution an Art made in the Thirty-eighth Year 09 G. 3. c. 3.

4 of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a I.and Tax to be raisedin Great Britain, Jar the Service oj the Year One thousand seven hundred and nitiity-eight; of which Art,

certain Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were continued for ever, by an Art made in the same Year, intituled, An Act for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase in the Manner therein asG.a. c. 60 4Jhited, the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax for One Teary from the Twenty-

fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every the Persons hereafter named and mentioned; (that is to say, )

£Here follow the Names ^f the Commissioners for England and Wales.]

Bring first duly qualified to art as Commissioners of the Land Tax, in Manner herein directed, shall be and are hereby declared to be Commissioners for putting into Execution the said recited Act made in this Session of Parliament, so far as the fame relates to the Duties on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, and also such of the Powers, Provisions, Clauh-s, Matters, and Thing*, contained in the said recited Act made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be rniftd in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand fven hundred and ninety etja, as are continued for ever by the said recited Act made in the same Year within the several Counties,

Riding'1, C tics, Boroughs, Cinque P<. rts. Towns, and Places respectively, in that Part of Great Britain, called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed.

ii. And be it iurther enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Person and Persons hereafter named and mentioned; (that is to say, )

[//err follow the Names of the Comnvffoners for Scotland.]

Being duly qual fad to art as Commissioners of the Land Tax, shall be and they are hereby declared to be CommilLui.eu, for putting into Execution such of Jae Powers, Proviffoas, Clauses, Matters, and Things of the

OjininllTiootrs

35 G, J. c. 3.

C omn*wlTi<'rn, »V afpomwi fur ScutLnd.

the

47

' Qualifications to be the same as required by

38G.-3. c. 5.

3* G. 3. c. 48.

"Qualified Persons; in Cities, X. c. rated to the 17my on Pensions, &. c. may act as (Jomniilliouers.

/Justices may act as Commissioners though not .spettally named.

"Irish Acts,

Ql&22G.: }. c. 16. for eftah I idling the Rank ot Ireland.

§ OO.

HI G. 3. c. 22.

5.

G. 3. C. 50.

4*, 7-

9, 10.

.102, 103. 48° GEORGII in A.D. 1808.

the said recited Act made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as are continued for ever by the said recited Act of the same Year, within the several Shires, Stewartries, and Places respectively, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several and respective Person* hereby appointed Commissionen, shall have such and th? fame Qualifications, as are required by the said recited Act made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting jn Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be ratfed in Great Britain for the Service of the Tear One thousandjevm hundred and ninety-eight; and also of an Act made in the same Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to alar and amend so much of an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, <An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land lax, to be ratfed in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred 1 4 and ninety-eight, as relates to the Qualification of Comnufjioners f and shall be subject to the several Penalties and Forfeitures contained in the said recited Acts respectively.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where in any City, Liberty, or Place, the Qualification of a Commissioner to act therein shall coniift of Personal E/late, it shall be lawful for any Person having a Personal Estate of the Value required by the said Acts, or either of them, to act as such Commissioner in all Cases where such Person shall have been taxed, and shall have paid for such Personal Estate by and upon the lad Assessment then made for such City, Liberty, or Place, by virtue of any Act, for continuing and granting <0 His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates.in England, passed before the making of such Assessment; any Thing in the said Acts, or either of them contained to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided also, That all Persons who shall act as Justices of the Peace of or for any County, Riding, Shire, or Stewartry in Great Britain, being duly gualified as aforesaid, may act as such Commissioners, although not specially named in this Act.

Cap. cm.

An Act for further extending the Provisions of several Acts, for establishing the Bank of Ireland; and for empowering the Governor and Company of the said Bank, to advance the Sum of One Million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, Irish Currency, towards the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight.

[25th June i8c8.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS in pursuance of an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Twenty-first and < W Twenty-fecqnd Years of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for establishing a Bank by the Name of the Governor and Company of the Bank, of Ireland, the Sum of Six hundred thousand Pounds wai subscribed and paid by Debentures issued from His Majesty8 Treasury of Ireland; and the Persons who subscribed and paid the fame, .were, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Ireland, incorporated by the 1 Name of "The Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland " lo have perpetual Succemon, subject to a Proviso or Condition of Redemption in the said recited Act contained; And whereas by an Act passed is ' the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty-first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for extending the Pro* 1 visions of the said Act of the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Years of His Majesty's Reign, the said

Governor and Company were empowered to receive Subscriptions for enlarging their aforesaid Capital Stock

or Fund of .Six hundred thousand Pounds, in any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Four hundred thousand

Pounds, so as to make their whole Capital Stock the Sum of One Million: And whereas the said further Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds was accordingly subscribed and paid: And whereas by the said recited Act of the Thirty-first Year aforesaid, so much of the said Act of the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Yean

of His present Majesty's Reign, as related to the ceaiing and determining of the said Corporation, wif

repealed 5 and it was provided, that the said Corporation might be dissolved upon Twelve Months Notice

after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, upon the Terms and Conditions in

the Act of the Thirty-first Year aforesaid mentioned and specified: And whereas by an Act made in the

Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for further extending the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Years, the said Governor and 1 Company were empowered to receive Subscriptions for enlarging the said Capital Stock or Fund of One

Million, in any Sum not exceeding the further Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds Capital Stock, foal ' to make the whole Capital Stock the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds; and the said further Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds was accordingly subscribed and paid; and by the said recited Act of the Thirty-seventh Year aforesaid, it was provided that the said Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds should be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer of Ireland as a Loan, and that there ftiouldbe paid from the Exchequer of Ireland to the said Governor and Company an Interest or Annuity of Twenty-five thousand

Pounds, being a Sum equal to the Amount of the whole Interest on the said Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds, after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum; and also that there should be paid from the said Exchequer to the said Governor and Company, a further Annuity of Three Powids Twelve Shillings and

Sixpence, for every One hundred Pounds of the said Five hundred thousand Pounds, for Nineteen Years, from the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven; and by the said recited Act of the Thirty-seventh Year aforesaid, an Annuity or yearly Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds was made

payable to the said Governor and Company, for the before-mentioned Sum of Six hundred thousand Pounds;

And whereas it will promote the Extension of publick Credit, and tend to the Furtherance of Commerce in Ireland, if the Capital Stock of the said Bank were increased.by the Addition of a further Sum not exceeding

the Sum of One Million, and if the Term for the determining of the said Corporation were extended upon A Xhe Terms and Conditions herein after mentioned.; And whereas the said Governor and Company are willing

A.D. 1808.

48° GEORGII III. C. 103. 477

' an-] have agreed to advance towards the Supply granted to Your Majesty, for the Service of Ireland, for the«Yv.ir One thousand eight hundred and eight, the Sum of One million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds,

4 Ir'tfl: Currency, upon the Terms and Conditions herein after in that Behalf mentioned: Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so So much of

much and such Part of the Provisions contained in the said recited Act of the Parliament of Ireland, made in ai c. 2+.

the Thirty-firtt Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as relates to the determining of the Annuity in the said Act mentioned, and to the iliffnlving of the said Corporation of the Governor and Company of the Bank of the Annuity

Ireland^ upon the Notice and Payments in the said Act mentioned, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed; therein

and that the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, and their Successors, for ever, shall remain, mentioned, §mt

continue, and be one Body Corporate and Politick, by the Name of "The Governor and Company of the to die difToMiig

" Bank of Ireland" aforesaid, and shall for ever have, receive, and enjoy the said several Annuities ot Thirty

thousand Pounds and Twenty-five thousand Pounds in the said recited Act of the Thirty-seventh Year aforesaid g^kfl\jlrera»i»

mentioned, and shall also have, receive, and enjoy the said Annuity after the Rate of Three Pounds Twelve*(^potation.

Shillings and Sixpence for every One hundred Pounds of the said Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds, for

Nineteen Years from the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, in the said Ell recited Act also mentioned; together with all Abilities, Capacities. Powers, Authorities, Franchises,

Exemptions, Privileges, Profits, and Advantages whatsoever, to which the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland now are or before the passing of this Act were entitled by the said several herein-before recited Acts, or any of them, and by their Charter 5 and the said Governor and Company, and their Successors, shall be and are hereby freed and discharged from the said Condition of Redemption: Subject nevertheless to the Conditions and Provisions in this present Act mentioned and contained.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be Not<o*ffc& deemed or taken to extend in anywise to alter, prejudice, or affect the Coultrudion, Effect, or Operation of Irish Ad, the Act of the Parliament of Ireland* of the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His Majesty, intituled, An Act 33 G. 3. c.ai. for the Relief of His jMtjfy's Popish or Roman Catholic Subjects of Ireland, touching any Right or Privilege M to whatsoever, of which His Majesty's said Subjects are by the said Act rendered capable.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Governor and Company of the Bank «npow«-ed Bank of Ireland, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, so soon as they shall think proper, to receive hiereafe theix Subscriptions from any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politick or Corporate, for enlarging

their Capital Stock or Fund of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, so as to make the whole Capital ^MuoiuL Stock the Sum of Two millions five hundred thousand Pounds, and for providing a further Sum of Two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds towards completing the afore-mentioned Sum of One million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, provided the Whole thereof shall be subscribed and paid on or before the Twenty-fourth Day of June* One thousand eight hundred and nine, which Subscriptions shall be made at the Rate of One hundred and twenty-five Pounds Irish Currency, for every One hundred Pounds of such additional Stock 5 and the Money for such additional Stock shall be paid in such Manner and Form, and by such Instalments or Proportions, as the Court of Directors of the said Bank shall from Time to Time appoint, so as that the Whole of the said Subscription shall be subscribed and paid on or before the said Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred ami nine; and the Capital Stock of One Million subscribed and paid for, shall from and after the Time of such Payment be deemed and taken as and for a Part of the Capital Stock of the said Corporation; and the Subscribers thereto, from and after the Time of making full Payment for inch additional Stock, and their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall at all Times be Members of the said Corporation, and incorporated therein, and shall be entitled unto, and have, hold, and enjoy all Benefits, Privileges, Advantages, and Immunities, and be luhjeA and liable to all Regulations, Rules, and Orders, to which the present Stockholders and Members of the said Corporation, in respect of the Stock held by and belonging to them are respectively entitled, subject, and liable unto, by the said several Acts of Parliament herein-before, recited, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament, Grants or Charters whatsoever now in force, or by any Bye Law of the said Corporation or otherwise howsoever; and the said additional Stock Hull he transfvrrable and assignnhle in like Manner, and the Proprietors and Holders thereof Avail hold their respective Shares of the said additional Stock in like Manner as the respective Stockholders of the said Corporation now do, and hereafter shall hold and enjoy the respective Sums belonging to them in the present Capital Stock of the said Corporation, and the same shall in all Respects be consolidated and united as One Joint Stock.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Corporation shall and may from Time to Time make and pay Dividends shall the like Dividends to the Proprietors of the said additional Stock, as they shall make and pay to the Proprietors

and Holders of the present Stock of the said Corporation; the fir it of which Dividends shall commence from adJiuoual Stock; such Time r»s shall be specified in the Proposals or Terms to be offered for such Subscription by the said Court of Directors.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said Court of Directors shall and they are hereby required IV.'Vrmce to give the Option and Preference in luhfcribing for the said additional Stock, to such Persons as shall hold the hv ani*i» in Stock of the said Bank at the Time or Times of such Subscription as aforesaid, so far as and not exceeding upon ' 1

the Whole of the said Sum of One Million, the Amount of Sixty-six Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four-pence i»Wprietoi«. per Centum on the said present Capital Stock of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, which shall be then held by each Stockholder so subscribing, and in the same Proportion for any Sum lets than the said Sum of One Million, which may from Time to Time be subscribed for and paid; and all Executor*, Ad mini lira tors,

Guardians, and Trustee*, shall be indemnified in making such Subscription* and Payments.

VI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in case any Person, after having subscribed, shall fail to make Penalty on

any of the Payments agreed, at the respective Times appointed for making such Payments, then and in every Persons failing i*. such Case all Deposits and Payments made by such Defaulters previous to such Default shall be forfeited to their

and become the Property of the said Corporation; and in case all the Proprietor* of the said Capital Stock of VUicaU*

48 Geo. III. 3 Q L

47*

Ptran^ers maybe Subscribers.

Whf*n One Million is subscribeil,

Corponcinn may burrow Money.

Bank empowered to lend 1, 2>O, O0L'l. to Government by Inflahncui*.

Interest on

lnitulments at 51. ptr Cent.

and alter Baijmm of the Whole, an Annuity ot' t>-2, 500b payable Hu!l-)tar!y.

Batik Corporation may be diliolved on Notier, ahtr ltt January lb 37.

K so; d Sum of 1, 250/yOOl. not

C. 103.

48° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1808.

One million five hundred thousand Pounds, shall not subscribe for their respective Proportions of the said Sum of One Million, then such Deficiency shall be disposed of to such other Personsas shall be willing to subscribe for the fame in such Proportions as aforesaid; and in case any Proprietor or Proprietors shall refuse or neglect to subscribe and pay his, her, or their Share of the Monies so to be paid at the Time or Times aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, and their Successors, not only to flop the Share or Dividend of the Funds, Stocks, or Profits of the said Company, which shall from Time to Time become payable to such Member or Members so neglecting or refuting, and to apply the fame from Time to Time for or towards Payment of the Share of the Money so called for, and which ought to have been paid by such Member or Members so neglecting or refusing, until the same shall be satisfied, but also to /top the Transfers or AssignmcnU of the Share of every such Defaulter, and to charge every such Defaulter with an Interoll after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum for the Monies io by him, her, or them, omitted to be paid, from the Time the lame were appointed to be paid, and the Intereil thereof; and in case the Principal and lute red shall be unpaid by the Space of Three Months, then the fa; d Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland Pauli have Power to fell so much of the said Stock of every such Defaulter as shall satisfy and pay the same, rendering the Overplus to the Proprietor, if any be.

VII. And be it further enacted, That from the Time the said Sum of One Million shall be subscribed and paid in under the Provisions of this Act, the fnjd Corporation may borrow or give Security for any Sum or Sums, so that they shall not owe at anyone Time more than a Sum equal to the iaid Sums of Two millions five hundred thousand Pounds, and of Two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds; any Thing in the said hereinbefore recited Acts or any of them contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland to advance and lend to His Majesty, at the Receipt of the Exchequer of Ireland, the afore-mentioned Sum of One million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, Irish Currency, any Thing contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding; and that the Whole of the said Sum of One million two hundred and iiity thousand Pounds, shall be paid on or before the Fourth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nine, by such Instalments as are herein after mentioned; that is to say, Ten Pounds per Centum on or before the Sixth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight; the further Sum of Ten Pounds per Centum on or before the Twentieth Day of June then next following; the further Sum of Ten Pounds per Centum on or before the Ninth Day of July then next following; the further Sum of Ten Pounds per Centum on or before the Ninth Day of Auyujl then next following; the further Sum of Ten Pounds per Centum on or before the Tenth Day of September then next following; the further Sum of Ten Pounds per Centum on or before the Tenth Day of October then next following; the further Sum of Ten Pounds per Centum on or before the Tenth Day of November then next following; the further Sum of Ten Pounds per Centum on or before the Tenth Day of December then next following; and tlvc remaining Sum of Twenty Pounds per Centum on or before the Fourth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nine; and the said Sum of One million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, as the same shall be so paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer of Ireland, shall be a Loan to His Majesty towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, for the Service of His Majesty in Ireland for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight.

IX. And be it further enacted, That there shall be paid and payable at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, for each and every Instalment of the said Sum of One million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, from the Day of tile Payment of such Instalment, until the Fourth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nine, an Intereil alter the Rate of Five Pounds by the Year for each One hundred Pounds, and from and after the said Fourth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nine, and the complete and full Payment of the Whole of the said Sum of One million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, an Intereil or Annuity of Sixty-two thousand five hundred Pounds Irish Currency, being a Sum equal to the Amount of the whole Intereil of the said Sum of One million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum tier Annum; which Sum shall be paid thenceforward by two equal Half-yearly Payments, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, without any Defalcation or Abatement; the Firil Payment of the said Annuity or Intereil to be made on the Fourth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That at any Time after the Firil Day of January which will be in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven, upon Twelve Mouths Notice to be published in the Dublin Gazette, by Order of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, that the said Corporation of the Bank is to be diJolved, and upon Re-payment by Parliament to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, or their Successors, as well oi the said Sum of Six hundred thousand Pounds in Debentures mentioned in the said recited Act of the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Years of His present Majesty, 115 also of the said Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds in Money, mentioned in the said recited Act of the Thirty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as also of tire said Sum of One million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds in this present Act mentioned, and also of all Arrears of the fevered Annuities of Thirty thousand Pounds and Twenty-five thousand Pounds, mentioned in the said recited Act of the Thirty-seventh Year, and of the said Annuity after the Rate of Three Pounds Twelve Shillings and Sixpence for each One hundred Pounds, for Nineteen Years, if any such Arrears fluid then be due, and of the

Ireland for the Time bei-c.g; then, and in such Case, the said several Annuities shall, from and after the Expiration of Twelve Months after such Notice published, cease and determine, and the iaid Corporation shall be difiolvt J.

XI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if the Whole of the said Sum of One million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds flia.ll not be paid into the Exchequer of Ireland before the Fourth Day of January One

5 v thousand

A.D. 1803. 48° GEORGII III. C. 103, 104.

thousand eight hundred and nine, or if the Whole of the said Subscription of One million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds shall not he subscribed and paid iato the said Bank, in Manner herein-before mentioned, 011 or before the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, then, and in any such Case, the said Governor and Company of the said Bank of Ireland, or the Proprietors of the said Stock thereof, shall not receive any Benefit by this Act, and the said Corporation shall be subject to be difiolved at the Time mentioned in the said recited Act of the Thirty-Aril Year aforesaid, in the Manner and on the Terms mentioned in the said recited Acts of the Thirty-firit and Thirty-seventh Years aforesaid, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and in inch Case every Person who shall have subscribed and paid any Sum towards the said Sum of One million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, under the Provisions of this Act, shall be entitled to and shall receive from the said Governor and Company such Sums as shall have been subscribed for and paid by them respectively, with such luterest or Dividend for the Proportion of the fame, which is intended to be a Part of the Capital Stock, from the Time the same shall have been paid, as any Proprietor of any Part of the said Capital Stock of One million five hundred thousand Pounds shall be then entitled to in respect thereof, and with an In tore It after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum for such remaining Part thereof, as (had have been subscribed towards completing the Execfs of the said Sum of One million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds above the Sum of One Million Capital Stock.

XII. Provided also, and be it enacted, Tint if at any Time before the said First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven, the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or the Commissioners for executing the said Oihce for the Time being, shall be deilrous and intend to redeem the said Annuity of Sixty-two thousand five hundred Pounds on Re-payment of the said Sum of One million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds Irish Currency in Money, and of such his or their Delire and Intention shall give Six Months Notice to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury to repay the said Sum of One million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds to the said Governor and Company; and upon such Re-payment, together with all Arrears of the said Annuity of Sixty-two thousand five hundred Pounds, the said Annuity shall cease and determine; any Thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in case the said Annuity of Sixty-two thousand five hundred Pounds shall be redeemed by Re-payment of the said Sum of One million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, upon such Notice as aforesaid, the said Sum of One million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds shall forthwith, ou Receipt thereof by the Directors for the Time being, be inverted by them in Government Securities, for the Use of the said Governor and Company of the Bank, and shall remain so inverted during the Continuance of the said Corporation under this Act; and the Intercrt, Dividends, and Produce of such Government Securities so to be purchased with the said One million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, Hull be received by the said Governor and Company, and for their Use, in like Manner as the said Annuity of Sixty-two thousand five hundred Pounds to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XIV.*And whereas the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland are willing and have agreed to

continue the Management in Ireland of the publick Debt of Ireland, and of all Loans which shall at any Time he made for the Service of Ireland, free of all Charge and Expence whatever for such Management, or for

their Trouble, in the Payment of the Intercrt of the National Debt of Ireland, from Time to Time during the Continuance of the said Corporation, under the Provisions of the said recited Acts and this Act p be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland shall, from Time to Time, and at all Times during the Continuance of their Charter, and until the said Corporation shall be diffuived pursuant to the Provisions of this Act, pay and continue to pay all Intercrt, Annuities, and Dividends payable at the said Bank, in respect of the National Debt of Ireland, or in respect of any Fund or Stock created ot to be created in consequence of any publick Loan for the Service of Ireland\ without making any Charge to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or to the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treattiry of Ireland, for their Trouble or Expence in so doing; any Law, Usage, or Cuilom to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. CIV.

An Act for the better Regulation of Pilots, and of the Pilotage of Ships and Vtfkls navigating the British Seas.

[25th Jane 1808.]

W PEREAS Ships and Vessels have frequently been wrecked, and many Lives and much Property have been loll, from the Ignorance and Misconduct of Persons taking Charge of such Ships or YULE as

Pilots: And whereas the Corporation ot Trinity House of Deptford Strand have, as well by ITnge for nmre than, Three Centuries as by Grants from the Crown, and under the Authority of an Act passed 111 the Fifth f Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King Ge: r-e the Second, been empowered to appoint Pilots, Loadfmen,

or Guide?, to conduct Ships or VeflbN into and out of and upon the R iwr of Thames throe ghthe h\rth Cl at r/l

to or by Orfnrdness and round the Loti" Sand Head through the Queen's Channel or oth r Chaim* Is into the

Downs, and from and by Oifordncfs, and up the Ar: rfh Ch ime!, au.l up the Rivers Tames and Mid-j'ry, and the frverni Creeks and Channels belonging or running into the fame, and to make such Orders and Court tuitions

as should be needful for the wholesome Government of Seafaring Men and Me.h»tenai.cc and Increase of Navigation, and of all Seafaring Men within the l.v'd River ol / lames; in pursuance of which Powers the said Corporation have from Time to Time appointed a fu fliciwnt Number of Pilots for the Purposes before ivn.ntinned: And whereas there hath been Time out of Mind, and now is, a Society or Fellow, flAp of Pilots of the T'.laity I loufo of Dor r, Deal. and the Isle of l iar l, who have had the Pilotage and Loiubnanage of all Ships from the f ud Places up the Rivers Thames and Medway; which said Society or Fellowship have been

confirmed by variou? Acts of Parliament for regulating the Pilots of the Society or Fellowship of Pilots of Dover, Dud, ?>.d the Die rf I'har-t, commonly called Cinque Pori Pil ls, notwithstanding which mmy

Persons not having Licence or Authority, or competent Knowledge or Expcriciicq^jh^uken upon them.

3 Q 2 feivtftj

479

paii before

4th January 1SO0, ice. B-JtikCorj anition jvsjy he ilil'olved, ni tinder 0 1 C*. <d*C..J.

Treasury mar repay the L<an to the Lank at any Time on Si* Months Notice.

On such It*payment, the said Sum fh«.lt be vrited in fun eminent Securin'*, for the Ur ot iUc Lank.

Bank shall

num.'^r 1 he P'iUk k Drift 1/ Ir-laml, an pay Di\Hcii'ls wit limit l\jv nre 10 (fovornium.

Ot 'I li.iit v

li.mfeor D.-ptJord Stroud.

IN f tit T.meri

the 'I rinity Hoilc of Dover,

Ie

A.D. 1808.

480

IVovision* in former A&a relating to Pilots repealed.

(*£re Statutes9G. 1. c. 13.

7 G. 1* c. 31.

G. 2. c. 20.

43 G. 3. c. 152. 47G-Q.fi. 3.

C. lxx.]

From Oct. 1, 1808, the Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford shall ticcnfe fit Persons ns Pilots to conduit all Vessels within Certain Limits, and none others shall act, except as herein excepted.

Pilots heretofore duly appointed, may eonliuue to

Rates in

Schedule (A.) jmay he demanded by Pilots.

Flints <\ all annually Three Guineas to the Corporation of T rinity Iluufe of Jept-ford ou P; nalty ot Suspeuiion.

C. 104. 48° GEORGII III.

felvca to act as Pilots for conducting Ships or Vessels to and from and upon the said Rivers, to the great Hazard of such Ships or Vessels and their Cargoes, and the Lives of their Crews: And wl\ereas the Provriions of the said Acts have been found inadequate to the Regulation of Pilotage and the Prevention of Inch M: schiefs, and it is therefore necessary that further and more effectual Regulations should he made for that Purpose,

and that all the Provisions and Regulations relating to the several Descriptions of Pilots aforesaid should be repealed: And whereas Acts of Parliament have been passed for establishing separate and peculiar Jurisdictions in relation to Pilotage in certain Ports and on different Parts of the Coast of England} which by reason of the fame being limited have been found insufficient to answer the good Purposes intended thereby, and it is 1 therefore necessary that more effectual Regulations should be made in relation to Pilotage on the Coails of England: And whereas it is necessary for duly enforcing the Laws respecting Quarantine, on which the Health of His Majesty's Subjects essentially depends, that the Names and Places of Re li dr nee of all Pilots in*England should be known by those whose Duty it is to convey Information respecting those Laws from Time to Time to them: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every the Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things relating as well to Pilots appointed by the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond as to Pilots of the Fellowship of Dover, Deal, and the Isle of Thanet, and to the Pilotage by and Regulation of all such Pilots as aforesaid, and also as to the Conduct of all Persons in Matters of Pilotage, within the Jurisdiction of the said Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond and the Liberty of the Cinque Ports, which are contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament heretofore made, shall be and the same are hereby repealed, except only so far as such Acts relate to* any Rates of Pilotage due or to become due before the Commencement of the respective new Rates to be ellabliftied under the Provisions of this Act, or to any Penalty or Forfeiture incurred or to be incurred, or any other Act, Matter, or Thing done or to be done before the Establishment of the new Rules and Regulations which are to be made under the Provisions of this Act, or before the Commencement of the Operations of any of the Provisions of this Act in relat ion to any such Matters as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and eight, it shall be lawful for the Mailer, Wardens, and Assistants of the Guild, Fraternity, or Brother* hood of the Most Glorious and Undivided Trinity and of St. Clement in the Parish of Deptford Strond in the County of Kent, (commonly called The Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strand, ) and they are hereby required to appoint and license under their Common Seal, fit and competent Persons, duly skilled, as Pilots, for the Purpose of conducting all Ships and Vessels failing, navigating, and passing up and down or upon the Rivers of Thames and Medway, and all and every the several Channels, Creeks, and Docks thereof or therein, or leading or adjoining thereto, as well between Orfordness and London Bridge, as from London Bridge to the Downs, and from the Downs westward as far as the Isle of Wight, and in the English Channel from the Isle of Wight up to London Bridge, which Vessels shall be conducted and piloted by such Pilots so appointed and licensed, and by no other Pilots or Persons whomsoever, except Pilots appointed by the Society or Fellowship of the Trinity House of Dover, Dealy and the Isle of Thar.et, (commonly called Cinque Port Pilotsy) so far as such Pilots are hereby authorised to pilot Ships and Vessels from the Westward up to London Bridge, and from London Bridge downwards to the Westward; that is to say, from any Port or Place between the Isle of Wight and the said Bridge, according to the Provisions in that Behalf herein after contained, and also save and except, as well all Colliers as also all Ships and Vessels trading to Norway and to the Cattegat and Baltic, and likewise round the North Cape and into the White Sea, and lave and except all constant Trades inwards from the Ports.between Boulogne inclusive, and the Baltic, such Ships and Vessels having British Registera, and coming up or going down the North Channel by Orfordness, but not otherwise; and likewise save and except all Coailing Vessels, and all Irish Traders using the Navigation of the River of 'Thames as Coasters: Provided always, that it shall be lawful, after the passing of this Act, for any Pilot or Pilots heretofore appointed by the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, ct by the Society or Fellowship of the Trinity House of Dover, Deal, and the JJle oJThanet, to pilot or conduct any Ship or Vessel within such Limits as such Pilot or Pilots might lawfully have conducted and piloted the fame before the passing of this Act, under and by virtue of the Licences or Authorities granted to such Pilots respectively as aforesaid, which respective Licences shall continue in force notwithstanding this Act, so that such Pilots respectively do in all Things conform themselves to the Provisions of this Act, and the Rules and Regulations to be established under the same.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and eight, the respective Rates or Prices herein after enumerated in the Table marked (A.) in the Schedule to this Act annexed, may be lawfully demanded and received by any Pilot licensed by the said Corporation of Trinity House of Dtp ford Strond, for the piloting or conducting of any Ship or Vessel from Place to Place, as exp relied in the said Table; and that no greater Rates or Prices, or other Reward or Emolument, shall, under any Pretence whatsoever, be demanded, solicited, or received, than such Rates or Prices.

IV. And be it further enacted, That each and every Pilot already appointed or to be appointed by the said

Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Stroud, under the Authority of this Act (except only such Pilots as shall be appointed by the said Corporation, upon their receiving Certificates of Examination by any Sub-Commissioners of Pilotage, as hereby directed) shall from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter pay or cause to be paid to the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same on their Behalf, the Sum of Three Guineas, in the Month of January yearly, which Payment shall be accepted by the said Corporation in lieu and Satisfaction of and for all the ancient and accustomed Duties payable by such Pilots to the said Corporation, under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of George the Second, or any other Statute or Charter whatever, and ihtill be applied for the Use and Benefit of the Poor of the said Corporation (after first defraying thereout the Expences incurred by the said Corporation) from Time to Execution; and in

Case

A.D. 1808.

48° GEORGII III.

C. 104.. 481

case such annual Payment shall not be duly made by the said Pilots respectively, it shall be lawful for the said

Corporation to suspend the Persons so making Default from acting as Pilots, until due Payment shall be made ol such annual Sums.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be Licensed by the said Corporation of Tru.-tv I*Ionfe of Deptford StronAy as a Pilot for the Iv.vers of Thames or Menway, or the Channels lending tA t o'* tly i\ i. n, under the Provisions of this Act, who shall not have served as Mate for Three Years on beard a iq .nr -t. I Vessel, or shall not have been in the actual Command of a square-rigged Vessel for One Year, 1 rv, , .o shall: at have been employed in the Pilot Service of the Corporation or Trinity House of Deptford Sirota for Seven Years, or v; bo shall not have served an Appremieeship of Five Years to i« me Pilot VdlVl licensed ir dor this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be lice: fed or be allowed to take charge as a Pilot of any Ship or Vessel drawing more than Fourteen Feet Water in the Rivers of Thanus or Midway, or any of uic Channels thereof, until such PevL.i shall have been licensed, and shall have acted as a Pilot for Three ars under lawful Authority, on pain of lorfeiti .£ Ten Pounds for every such Offence, as well by the Pe fou«ting as such Pilot, as also by the Matter or Commander, or other Person having charge ol such Ship or Vessel, who shall permit any such Per ion to take charge as a Pilot of the fame, contrary to the Provision aforesaid.

Penalty 10! onVia i and Captain.

VII. And be it furt-'^r enacted, That no Person shall, from and after the First Day of Ofiolcr One thousand No C inque eight hundred and eigh-, take charge of any Ship or Vessel as a Pilot belonging to the Society or Fellowship P FI- ft of pilots of Dovr, Deal, and the I fie of 'I '/ninety commonly called Cinque Port Pilots, before he shall be examined by the Matter and Two Wardens, or by Four Wardens of the said Society or Fellowship for the Time being, touching his Abilities, and shall be approved and admitted into the Society or Fellowship of the Trinity House of Dover, Deal, and the IJh of Thanet, at a Court of Loadmanage, holden by the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports, for the Time being, or his Deputy, and the Commissioners for Loadmanage for the Time being; and if any Person shall presume to act as a Pilot belonging to the said Society or Fellowship,

without having been io examined, approved, and admitted as aforesaid, every such Person shall for the Fir It Offence forfeit Ten Pounds, for the Second Twenty Pounds, and for every other Offence Forty Pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted, Tint the Matter and Inch Wardens of the said Society or Fellowship of Oath of Maftrr Pilots of the Trinity House of Dover, Deal, and the JJle of Thanet, as shall be appointed from Time to Time, ar al \Vaidrmof to examine into the Skill and Ability of any Person on his being first admitted as a Pilot into the said Society ? or Fellowship, shall take the Oath marked (C.) in the Schedule hereunto annexed, to be administered to him by the Registerof the Court of Loadmanage, who is hereby authorized to administer such Oath.

IX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and eight, the respective Rates or Prices herein after enumerated in the Table marked (B.) in the Schedule to this Act annexed, may be lawfully demanded and received by any Pilot licensed by the Society or Fellowship of Pilots of Dover, Deal, and the JJle of Thanet, for the conducing of any Ship or Vessel from Place to Place, as expressed in the said Table; and that no greater'Rates or Prices, or other Reward or Emolument shall, under any Pretence whatever, be received than such Rates or Prices.

X. And be it further enacted, That a proper and sufficient Number of Pilots of the Cinque Ports, not Ms than Eighteen at any one Time, and in Succession from Time to Time, without IntermilTion or any unnecessary Delay, shall, at all fensonable Times by Day and Night, constantly ply at Sea, or be afloat between the South Foreland and Dungcness, to take charge of Ships and Vessels coming from the Westward, and proper Signals shall be established, to be made at and from Signal Houses now erected, or which may be ereitted on commanding Situations near to Dover, to give Notice of Fleets ol Vessels coming from the West-ward; and upon the making of any Signals, giving Notice of the Approach of any Fleet from the Westward,

No Person (lull

In- licvnferl os ft P.Lt nttless

141 fie -i as herein ipcofied*

Till a Plot has

lirH'll 'i lirr.j Years ne I all nor pilot a hUtp dra..', 1 no; more than I it. men I Yet Yvhr.i-r.

shall of any Sh.ip till lit- has been admitted.

Penalty 1 ol. 20l. and 40l.

Dover, exa-mini , Pilots. Sdiemtlc (C.)

Katrj io

Schedule (B.) may be demanded by such Licensed Pilots.

A fuflficient Number of C inque Port Pilots shall con* (lantly ply to take C hd'ge of Ships coming

1 - c>*r>'o o > i.- from lilt* Well-

811 Cinque Port Pilots not on Duty at the Time, shall, according to inch Ruler, and Regulations as to Number,«*d; d

-'* ... '* ... " on making

Signals of Fleet*

First Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and for the Second the Offender shall he suspended from a&inp

Rotation, or otherwise as shall be made in that Behalf, forthwith prepare to go afloat, and shall go off in raa^Jl^ sufficient Time to fall in with such Ships and Vessels, on pain of forfeiting, in case of Negledb herein, for the

' mty Pounds, and for the Second the Offender shall he suspended from acting as \/Ml ward, all

a Pilot for Twelve Mouths, and for the Third Offence shall forfeit his Licence to act such Pilot, and shall Pilots shall be rendered thereby incapable of acting thereafter as a Pilot. prqiare to olf. Penalties 20l. &c*

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Matter or other Person having the Command of any Ship or Vessel Matter* ol Ship* coming from the Westward, and bound to any Place in the Rivers of Thames or Medway, not having a duly qualified Cinque Port Pilot on board, shall, on the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel off Dungcnfs, and until she a OiiquePort shall have passed the Buoy of the Brahe, or a Line to be drawn from Sundown Cattle to the said Buoy, (unless p, |ott n1Hu in the mean Time she shall have received a proper Cinque Port Pilot on board) display and keep flying the usual display aSignal Signal for a Pilot to come onboard; and if any duly qualified Cinque Port Pilot shall be within hail, or tt>r one, and approaching and within Half a Mile, with the proper distinguishing Flag or Vane flying in his Vessel or Boat,*lL ll., taU' the Mutter or other Person having the Command of such Ship or Vessel shall, by heaving to in proper Time, on

or by all practicable Means, conlittently with the Safety of the Ship or Vessel, facilitate such Pilot getting on board, and shall give the Charge of piloting of his Ship or Vessel to such Cinque Port Pilot; and every Person commanding any such Ship or Vessel, who shall del-line to take any such Cinque Port Pilot on board, or to give such Charge of his Ship or Vessel to such Pilot, or who shall not heave to, or otherwise facilitate such Pilot coming on board as aforesaid, shall be subject to the Penalties by this Act imposed for neglecting or declining Cinque Port to take on board a Pilot, and for navigating his Vessel without a Pilot, contrary to the Provisions of this A(ff: Pilots may

Provided always, that if any Ship or Vessel bound to the Rivers Thames or Medway, shall anchor any where repair on board in the Downs between the South Foreland and a Line drawn from Sandonvn Cattle and the South Buoy of the Brake, having any Licensed Pil6t other than a Cinque Port Pilot on board, it shall be lawful for a Cinque Port Distanees, not Pilot to repair on board the fame, at any Time before such Ship or Vessel shall have been at an Anchor One having such Hour, with the Signal for a Pilot flying, and to take Charge of her up the said Rivers, but not otherwise. Pilot ou U*nL

3 x by ^?0(5^lC

A.D. 1808.

48 2

Penalties on I i' quo l'ort

Pil ns quilting Ship-, I.c'.', ire yXrriv.il iu Vince of J'-'-rtit.-.tion m Thames cr I^IciUv.in, without Confe: t ok' the M iiier.

Af .1 Court of Load manage, llu'rs shall he made for en-orchii' the Oi)ft t vance of tins A cl, iS.r. by Cinque. Port Pilots.

Pules {Vail lie tranl'.nittcil n> t lie ( tifioni

House, London,

If lueh Pules Pull itOf he fhilv nnde ami transmitt'vl, ur

frail he »le-

'fnvhe, the Pii\ y Council fba'l or i-r proper Pules to be drawn up, and diiiributed.

The Number of

( jtuflie Port

Pilots (kill he jlKKalcJ.

Increased Number of Fib ts shall be h< j*t up: hut ittef a Definitive Trr.ny of Peace with France, Vacancies dial I be sided up otilv by petmilfiou of I'livvl tuna il. Pilots fl ail qmtih ti-.cm-selves tm umh: A, And lb a 11 conduct

C. 104. 48° GEORGII III.

XII.«And whores, <rrent Convenience to Trade will arise by putting a.t End to the present prevailing

UTage of Cinque Port Pilots quitting Ships or Vessels at Gravcfatd, or elsewhere in the Thames or Ale a way,

at their Difcrctionp be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Expiration of Twelve Months next after the passing of this Act, if any Cinque Port Pilot, taking Charge of any Ship or Vessel into the Thames or ATtdway, shall quit such Ship or Vessel at Gravesend, or in any other Part of thc7'/wwrj, or in any Part of the M: dway, before such Ship or Vessel shall have arrived at the Place to wh.ich inch Ship or Vessel is bound in the said Rivers 'Thaiv.es or Medway respectively, without the Confeat of the Captain or other Per foil having the Command thereof, unless some other duly qualified Pilot shall, with such Confait, come on board, and shall take the Charge and Conduct of inch Ship or Vessel for the Roiidue of the Pilotage to be performed, every such Pilot shall forfeit for every such Offence all Pay or Reward to which he might be entitled for having conducted or piloted such Ship or Vessel into the Rivers Thames or Medway, and shall also he fuhjed to such other Penalty or Punishment as by virtue of any of the Provisions of this Act, or of the Rules and Regulations to be established in pursuance hereof, any Pilot shall be liable to for quitting a Ship or Vessel before the shall arrive at her Place of Destination.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Lord Warden of the Cinque Torts for the Time being, nr his Deputy, with the A (Tent of the Commissioners of Loudmanage, and of the Mailers and Wardens of the Society or Fellow ship of Pilots of Dover, Deal, and the Hie of 'Thanet, or the major Part of them, at an Assembly commonly caked y/ Court of Loadm mage, to be held by the said Lord Warden or his Deputy, Avail, v, itida Four Calendar Months after the puking of this Act, proceed to make and shall make sufficient Rules and Orders for enforcing the due Observance cd' the Providers of this Act by all Cinque Port Pilots, and for providing lor the good Government and Regulation of all such Pilots, as well relating to the Services of the said Pilots in going 01T to and taking Charge of and conducting and navigating His Majesty's Ships and Vestrls, and the Ships and Vessels in LI is ?»IaieAyN Employ, and also all Ships and Vessels whatever and wherefeever, within the proper and usual Limits of such Pilots, or wherein they shall for the Time being aft or be, and for effectually Retiring the Performance of all the Duties and Services of such Pd its all Tunes; which Rules and Regulations when so made shall be foi tliwith printed and transmitted to the Cuilom House in London, that the fame may be seen by all Pnrfous inteiviled therein; and Copies thereof shall be delivered to every Member of the said Society, and also to every new Member of the said Society on Ins Election; and a Copy or Extract thereof shall be annexed to or intlorfed upon the Licence or Warrant of every Pilot belonging to the Cinque Ports, as well those already admitted and licensed as all others hereafter to be linen fed as luck Pilots; and it shall be lawful in Inch Rules and Regulations to eflnblish Penalties and Forfeitures for the enforcing such Rules and Regulations and better ordering of the said Pilots, and for iufpeaih' g or depriving any of the said Pilots for breaking fuc'i Rules or Ordeis, or omitting to do any Thing required by the same to be done, or for ailing in any wile contrary to such Rules or Orders.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if such Rules and Regulations in relation to Cinque Port Pilots shall not be made and transmitted as aforesaid, within Four Calendar Months after the passing of this A cl, or if such Rules and Regulations, when made and transmitted, shall appear to be in any material Point erroneous, insufficient, or detective* it shall be lawful for any Owner of Ships, or otlmr Pc; ions interclled in the Matter of such Rules or Regulations, to apply to His Majesty's Moll II0110ural.de Privy Council, who shall thereupon canfe proper and iunicient Rules and Regulations to be drawn up for the Purpuies afureiaiJ, in case no such Rules and Regulations shall have been made and transmitt* d as aforesaid, or dull amend, correct, or enlarge any such Rules and Regulations as shall have been made and transmitt- d; which Rules and Regulations so made or so amended, corrected and enlarged, shall be distributed, published, and made use of in f ch Manner as His MajestyN said Privy Council shall in that Behalf appoint and direct, and the lame shall take Edict from such Time as in the said Rules or Regulations shall be expressed in regard to the Commencement thereof.

XV.*And whereas under the Pmvisions of an Act passed in the TliirTt Year of His late Majesty Ring

George the First, The Number of Pilots of the Cinque Ports was to be One hundred and twenty at the le.nl, ' and it has been found by Experience, that the said Number is inadequate to the increased Trade and Nnvi- gation of this Kingdom be it therefore enacted, That within Four Months after the passing of this Act, the Number of Cinque Port Pilots shall be increased to One hundred and forty at the leak; to which Number of One hundred ami forty, Twenty more shall be added, whenever such further Addition shall be directed to be made by an Order of His Majesty's Privy Council, upon Application made to Kis Majesty in Council f>r that Purpose by the Corporation of Trinity House oh Deptford Stroud; and that a further Addition of Twenty Cinque Port Pilots shall be made to the Number above-mentioned, increasing the whole Number to One hundred and eighty, by the like Authority, whenever such lull-mentioned Addition shall be applied for by the Corporation of the Trinity Flo use of Deptford Stroud to His Majesty in Council.

XVI. And be it further enactctl, That whenever the increah d Numbers of tlm said Pilots shall resprflively take place as herein-before provided, the Numbers so increased shall from thenceforth be kept up from Time to Time by the Appointment of Pilots in Succt flion, as often as any Vacancy or Vacancies shall happen by Death, Incapacity, or DifmuTion; pro\ided that after the Conclusion of a Definitive Treaty of Pence \v; th France, i; o Vacancy shall be filled up as aforesaid, without a special Permission in tint Behalf given by His Mqjdty's Privy Council, upon the Recommendation of the said Corporation of Trinity Ploufe, unless the Number of Pilots shall at any Time by Death or otherwise be reduced below One hundred and forty, in which Case tile Veen; cas shall be filled up from thenceforth from Time to Time, so as not to exceed One bundled and forty i.i the Wk-k*.

XVII. ' And whereas certain Harbours near the Downs have become much frequented as Pbtces of Sahty, ' and Ships and Vessels lying in nr tailing through the D.zunt are oftentimes compelled to run Rr those Ilarbt i: rs, ' and it is therefore necesiury to make Provili on for the Pilotage of such Harbours; be it tiiwvfore entwTr-il, That all Pilots, whose .Licences or Warrants Audi authorize them to pilot Ships or Vessels from any Place tn the Well ward up to London Bridge, shall qualify themselves, and shall be examined as to thdr Our!.flr.itNil and Ability to conduct any Ship or Vessel into and out of Kan fate Harl/tfuTq^nd.t^lHruours of Ihver,

S, aJw:; U

A.D. 1808.

48° GEORGII III. C. 104. 483

Sandwich, and Margate, and shall be obliged to pilot any Ships or Vessels into and out of the said Harbours; and if any such Pilot shall refuse to take charge of or conduct any Ship or Vessel into or out of any of the said Harbours, such Pilot shall forfeit all Pay and Reward to which he nvght otherwise be entitled for the Pilotage of any such Ship or Vessel, and shall be subject to such Fine or other Punishment as shall be established in that Behalf by the Rules and R emulations of the Corporation or Society to which such Pilot {lull belong.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every licensed Pilot who shall take charge of ami conduct any Ship or Vessel into or out of I I amfg ate Harbour, or into or out of Dover, Sandwich, or Margate, shall he entitled to and shall receive for such Pilotage at and after the Rate of Five Shillings for every Foot of the Draught of Water of the Ship or Vessel so piloted and conducted by him into or out of any such Harbour, it such Ship or Vessel shall have been so piloted and conducted into or out of the fame in moderate Weather; but if under any Circumstances of Distress, then such Pilot shall be entitled to such further Sum of Money, to be calculated according to the Extent and Circumstances of such Difinds, as the Commissioners of Salvage established under the Loid Warden of the Cinque Ports shall upon Application either of the Pilot, or Owner, or Mailer of any such Ship or Vessel, upon enquiring into all such Circumstances direct; and such Commissioners shall and they are hereby required upon any such Application made, to enquire into all such Circumstances, and to determine the Amount of the Sum so to be p ud for the Pilotage of any such Ship or-Vessel into the said Harbours respectively, without any Fee or Reward for so doing.

XIX. Provided al ways, That on the Arrival of any Ship or Vessel, and as loon as she shall be moored in any of the said Harbours, it shall be lawful for the Pilot to demand the Pilotage due to him as aforesaid, and to quit the Ship forthwith.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Corporation of Trinity House of D.'jVjord Strond, and they are hereby required to appoint from Time to Time (as often and for such Periods as they in their Discretion shall think fit) proper and competent Persons at such Ports or Places in England as they may think requihte (except within the Liberty of the Cinque Ports, and all such other Ports and Places within or for which Provision shall have been made by any Act or Acts of Parliament, or by any Charter or Charters for the Appointment of Pilots) not to exceed Five nor leis than Three Persons at each Port or Place for which any such Appointment shall be made, which Persons so to be appointed shall be called Sub-Corn-nu(Turners of Pilotage, and shall take the Oath in the Schedule hereunto annexed marked (D.) for the faithful Discharge of their Duty, and such Persons so to be appointed shall and they are hereby authorized (so long as their respective Appointments shall not be revoked or iupcrleded by the Appointment of other Persons in their Places) to examine into the Qualification of Persons to act as Pilots for such respective Ports and Places, and the adjoining Coails specified in their respective Appointments as aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for the said Corporation, upon their receiving a fathfaclory Certificate under the Elands of any Three of the Persons lo to he appointed, where the whole Number for any Port or Place shall conliit of Four or Five, and by any Two where the whole Number shall cor.fill of Three, that the Person examined as aforesaid is duly qualified to act for such Port or Ports and the adjoining Coails, to give a Licence to inch Person to act as a Pilot within the particular Limits (ddcribing the fame) for which he shall have passed such Examination, which Licence shall be granted in the lirft Iiiftance for One Year, and shall afterwards from Year to Year be subject to Renewal-and Confirmation, or otherwise, at the Discretion of the said Corporation of Trinity House.

XXI. Provided a'ways, and be it further enacted, that nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to prevent any Ship or Vessel which shall be brought into any Port or Ports in England by any Pilot duly licensed, from being afterwards removed in such Port or Ports by the Matter or Mate thereof, or other Person having the Command, for the Purpose of entering into or going out of any Dock, or for changing the Moorings of such Ship or Vessel.

Ships in*0 and out of lUmfguie, Di ver, Sandwich, and Muriate Harbours.

It; its for such Pilotage.

niotarrp payable'when Ship U

moored.

Trinity House t>l Deptford shall appoint Sub-Coumuffiowrs of Pilotage to examine 1'crfon* to act as Pilots at the requisite Ports, and ou Certificate of their bt in* qualified may*grant them Licence*.

Ships in Port may be removed by the aMalter.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That when and as soon as the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford S/rmd lira 11 have licensed Pilots for any particular Port or Poris, and the respective Coails near the same as aforesaid, they shall cause Notice cf such Appointment to be published, by fixing up such Notice in Writing at the Trinity House, and at the Cuttom House in London, and also at the respective Cullom Houses of the Ports for which and for the Coaflt near the fame inch Appointment shall be made, and shall also afterwards cause such Notice to be published in th' London Gazette* and in one or more Newspapers circulated in that Part of the Country where tie* Ports shall respectively be situated, which Publication in the London Gazette shall be good and sufficient Evidence of the Notice having been given; and trem and after a Time or Times to he limited in the said Notices, which fluiil not in any Case or in relation to any Ships or Vessels whatever, be Ids than Six \Y< eks from the Publication thereof as aforesaid, and shall be proportionally more at the Discretion of the said Corporation, in relation to Ships and Veflcu engaged in Foreign Voyages at the Time of such Publication, all Ships and Vessels fading, navigating, or passing into or out of the said respective Ports or upon the Coalts thereof, shall he conducted and piloted by such Pilots only as shall be so licensed as afjrefa'd, and by no other Pilots whomsoever.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person fu foe ruled or deprived of his Licence as a Pilot, shall, during the Time of such Sulpenfio.i, or after such Deprivation, take upon himl'elf to conduct any Ship or Vessel except in Cases of Dillrefi, and in Cases where no licensed Pilots can be found, such Person shall be liable to all such Penalties, to be recovered and applied in like Manner and Form as are provided by this Ac t, again it any Person who shall conduct or pilot any Ship or Vessel without ever having been licensed to act as a lhlot.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Pilot who shall be suspendedor adjudged to have forfeited his Licence, and every Person, who having complained of any such Pilot, shall be dihatisded with the Adjudication made upon the Matter of such Complaint, by the Corporation, Society, or Persons who shall have Cognizance of such Complaint, may appeal to Li is Majesty's Privy Council, who shall thereupon hear the Appeal, and confirm or annul any former Determination or Adjudication in the Premises, or, at their Discretion, make any particular and special Order relating thereto, and to the Flutter of such Appeal, as th Case may require.

aS£3fL?l

Notice of, Appointment

ol'P.Iut* at panic ultr fort

shall !>e nxe<l up at tiu* Trinity House, Ne. in , 1 limited

Time; alter which n«' urh-r ' lhu.il act.

Pilots fuss ceded

<u .! priv d, liable to Penalties a* imhrctUVd Potions.

Pilot. l'u(pended XwC. n.tyuppe.d

to Privy Council.

llu?'

484

Omers, &c. not answerable for Loss, flnviu^h want of i'iloi; unless in case of Neglect.

Exception of Shij* of War.

VefTds not exceeding 60 Ton*.

Remcdv by Civil Action rcferveil.

Trinity Hon 'e Dept fool, shall Jioi aif H'itliiit any DiUri^s having f'jurate Jurisdiction.

Matter, &c. of Ihijx, refilling at Dover, S. c. may pilot their own Ships-Licensed Pilot# may fupcifede unlicensed. Penalty on Wallers continuing unlicensed Pilots, &c. 50l. to 20l.

Trinity House Deptford shall efbMifh Rues of Pilotage, which shall l»e l)i: ng up t the respetime Custom Houses.

Majority of Pilots or Ovrners jnay appe; f aerainst Hates to the Privy Council.

Trinity Housenay null Bye I>awa, and annex Pena'ties to Bremen ol thiin.

C. 104. 48° GEORGII III. A.D. 180S.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Owner or Mailer of any Ship or Vessel shall be answerable for any Loss or Damage, nor shall any Owner or Owners of any Ship or Vessol or Consignee of Goods, be prevented from recovering any Loss or Damage, upon any Contract of Insurance of the fame; or upon any other Contract relating to any Ship or Vessel, or any Cargo on board the fame, by reason of no Pilot being on board of any such Ship or Vessel, (unless it shall be proved that the Want of a Pilot shall have anfen from any Refusal to take a Pilot on board, or from the Negligence of the Mailer of the Ship or Vessel, in not heaving to for the Purpose of taking on board any Pilot, who shalibe ready, and offer to take Charge of such Ship or Vessel.)

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to any Ships or Vessels belonging to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further Enacted, That none of the Clauses, Provisoea, Penalties or Regulations of this A el, shall extend or be construed to extend to any Vessel not exceeding the Burthen of Sixty Tons, having Brit'jlj Regiib rs, nor to any Maiter or Owner of any such Vessel in respect thereof, or of the navigating of the fame in any Channel, River, Port, or Place whatever.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to deprive any Persons of any Remedy by Civil Action against Pilots or other Persons, which they might have had if this Act had not been passed.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend or be con (trued to extend, to give any Authority to the Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strand, within any Ports or Diflridh having separate Jurisdiction in Matters of Pilotage under any Act of Parliament or Charter, or to alter or repeal any Provriioris contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Pilots of any Ports or Diflridts, in relation to which Provisions shall have been made in any Act or Acts of Parliament as to Pilots or Pilotage, or the Pilotage within the Limits prescribed by any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Pilotage, for such Ports, other than and except as herein particularly provided.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to prevent or hinder the Mailer or Mate of auv Ship or Vessel, or Owner or Part Owner, residing at Dover, Deal, or the Isle of Thanet from conducting or piloting his own Ship or Vessel up or down the Rivers Thames or Medway, or into or out of any Port or Place within the Jurisdiction of the Cinque Ports.

XXXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any licensed Pilot to supersed# any Verson not licensed as a Pilot, in the Charge of any Ship or Vessel within the Limits of his Licence; and every Maiter of any Ship or Vessel who shall continue any unlicensed Person, or any licensed Person acting out of the Limits for which he is qualified as a Pilot, after any Pilot licensed to act within the Limits in which such Ship or Vessel shall then actually be, shall have offered to take Charge of the Ship or Vessel, and every Person nffumingor continuing in the Charge or Conduit of any Ship or Vessel without being duly licensed to act within the Limits in which such Ship or Vessel shall actually be, after any Pilot duly licensed and qualified to ad in the Prernifes shall have offered to take charge of such Ship or Vessel, shall respectively forfeit for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds nor less than Twenty Pounds.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, and they are hereby authorized and required to establish, vary and alter, from Time to Time, as Circumstances shall render the fame necessary, regular Rates of Pilotage, in relation to all Pilotage performed in any River, Port, or Place, or upon any Coall whatever, by any Pilot or Pilots who shall be liceuled by the said Corporation, upon their receiving Certificates of Examination from any Sub-Comruillioners of Pilotage hereby directed to be appointed; which Rate shall be regulated by and proportioned as well to the Size and Draught of Water of the Vessels as to the Distance piloted, the Detention and Responsibility of the Pilot, and such other Circumstancea as the said Corporation may think fit to take into Consideration in fixing and establishing such Rates, of which Establishment or Alterations of Rates of Pilotage Notice shall be given by hanging up printed Tables thereof, corrected from Time to Time as Variations therein shall be made, at the several Cuilom Houses at the Ports to which the said Rates shall apply.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the major Part in Number of the Pilots who shall he licensed by the said Corporation of Trinity House of Dtp ford Strjid for any particular Port or Place in consequence of their receiving Certificates of Examination as aforesaid, shall be difiatislied with the Rates io established or altered, or in case any Owners of Ships or Vessels interfiled in any such Rates shall be dissatisfied with such respective Rates, it shall be lawful for such Parties respectively to appeal to the Lords of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council; and it shall be lawful for any Committee of such Privy Council, calling to their Assistance any such Persons as they may think lit, to hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal or Appeals, and to settle, alter and regulate such Rates as to them shall appear to be expedient, in case the Matter of such Appeal ihal: , in the Discretiou of the said Committee of Privy Council, appear to require the making any Orders therein,

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Persons licensed to act as Pilots or in Pilot Vessels by the said Corporation of Trinity House by virtue of this Act, shall from Time to Time, and at ail Times hereafter, be subject to the Regulation and Government of the Mailer, Wardens, and Assistants of the said Corporation, who are hereby authorized and empowered, as well for enduring the good Conduct and couilant Attendance of such Pilots upon their Duty, as for enforcing the general Purposes of this Act, from Time to Time to make and frame all such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, Regulations, and Ordinances as they shall think fit, therein specifying and directing also what annual or other Sums shall be paid by any fuel) Pilots to the Sub-commissioners of Pilotage for the Examination of such Pilots, and for granting and renewing or confirming their Licences from Time to Time; and it shall be lawful for the said Mailer, Wardens, and AiTiflants of the said Corporation respectively, to annex such reasonable Penalties and Forfeitures for the Breach of such 13ye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Ordinances when made, as to them shall feerr expedient in that Behalf, and from Time to Time to ffunul, alter, and amend, all or any of the cxilling Bye Laws, and to make such other and new Bye Laws, Rules,

VjUUVLk Orders,

A.D. 180S. 48° GEORGII III. C. 104.

Orders, and Ordinances as they shall think proper, so a? such Bye Laws, Rules, Regulations, and Ordinances be made conformable to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and shall not be repugnant to the Laws of this Realm: Provided always, that no Bve Laws shall have Force or E.Test before they shall have been examined, fan&ioued, and approved by the Chief Justice of His Majesty's Court of King's Bench, or by the Chief Jail ice of His Majesty's Court of Common Pleas, the Sanction and Approbation of either of which Chief Justices shall be verified under his Hand and Sval; and all and every such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Ordinances when so made and confirmed as aforesaid, shall h" ohlcrved and kept, and put in Execution, and have the fame Force and Effect and Operation, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were respectively enacted by this Act.

XXXV. 4 And, in order that all such Bye Laws, Rules, and Regulations, may be previously examined by the Parties interclled therein be it enacted, That Copies of all such proposed Bye Laws, Rules, and Regulations, shall be transmitted to His Majesty's Privy Council and to the Commissioners of Customs in I.cndon, Three Calendar Months before the same shall be submitted to such Chief Justice as aforesaid, and the Commimouers of the Customs are hereby required, upon the Receipt of such G'pics, to cau'V the same to be printed and hung up, as soon as the fame can be done, in the several Custom Homos of the principal Ports in Great Britain, to be open to the Inspection of all Persons interested therein at all seasonable Times.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Copies of such Bve Laws, Rules, Orders, and Ordinances, as shall be so made and confirmed as aforesaid, shall he printed and shall be hung up in some publick or conspicuoua Place in the several Custom Houses of the Ports in England, within the Limits for which the Pilots respectively shall he licensed, and also at the Trinity House in London.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That even* Person who shall apply for a Licence to eft as a Pilot by virtue of this Act, shall, before any Licence shall be granted to him, execute a Bond in a penal Sum at the Discretion of the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strand, or the Society or Fellowship of Pilots of Dover, Deal, and the Isle of Thanet, in an Amount not exceeding One hundred Pounds, to be paid to the said Corporation or Society, their Successors and Assigns, with a Condition subjoined thereto for better securing the due Obedience of such Pilot to the Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, Regulations, and Ordinances which shall be made and framed pursuant to this Act; which Bonds shall be capable of being given in Evidence in any Court of Law or Equity, without being stamped according to the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Mailer or Person commanding any Ship or Vessel bound to the River of Thames, and which shall repair to Standgate Creek for the Performance of Quarantine, shall pay the full Charges of Pilotage up to Gravefeml or St and gate Creek; and every Pilot conducting any such Vessel to Stand-gate Creek, shall be entitled to such Pay per Diem for the Days he shall be obliged to remain on Quarantine as shall be in that Behalf allowed for such Detention by the Rates of Pilotage to be established by virtue of this Act.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Pilot taking charge of any Ship or Vessel into the Rivers Thames or Medway, shall quit such Ship or Vessel at Standgate Creek before such Ship or Vessel shall have arrived at the Place to which such Ship or Vessel is bound in the Rivers Thames or Medway respectively, without the Consent of the Captain or other Person having the Command thereof, unless some other duly qualified Pilot shall come on board and shall take the Charge and Condnftof such Ship or Vessel for the Residue of the Pilotage to be performed; every such Pilot shall forfeit for every such Offence all Pay or Reward to which he might be entitled for having conducted or piloted such Ship or Vessel to Standgate Creek, and shall also be subject to such other Penalty or Pui.ishment as by virtue of any of the Provisions of this Act, or of the Rules and Regulations to be established in pursuance hereof, any Pilot shall be liable to for quitting a Ship or Vessel before (he shall arrive at her Place of Deft in at ion.

XL. And be it further enacted, That a particular Description of the Person of every' Pilot shall be indorsed on the Back of his Licence; and every Captain or Mailer, or other Person having the Command of a Ship or Vessel, on receiving a Pilot on board, shall inspect his Licence, and if he shall have Reason to think that such Pilot is not the Person to whom the Licence was granted, such Captain or Master, or other Person having the Command of such Ship or Vessel, is hereby required forthwith to transmit a Copy of such Licence to the Corporation or Persons by whom such Licence shall have been granted, dating the Date thereof, together with such Account and Description of the Person producing such Licence or Warrant, as may lead to the Discovery of the Offender.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Eirfl Day of December One thousand eight hundred and eight, if any Pilot licensed by virtue of this Act, or otherwise duly licensed, shall keep or be concerned in keeping, either by himself or any Ag'mt or Servant, or other Person, or shall in any way be interested in keeping of any Publick House or Tavern, or PP-ce of publick Entertainment, or in the felling of any Wine or Spirituous Liquors, or Tobacco or Tea 1 unless Inch Pilot shall have kept, or been concerned or interested in the fame before the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, and shall he duly authorized by the Corporation or Authorit'* under which such Pilot shall act, to continue in such Business or Employment); or if any Pilot licensed as aforesaid shall be couvidHd of any GJbiice agninfl any Law or Laws relating to the Revenues of Customs or Excite, or shall be concerned in, or shall wilfully connive at any indirect Practices or Frauds agair.ft the Revenues of Customs or Exofe, or shall procure, abet, connive at, or participate in any Dcftniction, Spoil, Cone: alrnent. Fraud, Exaftio », or corrupt Practice relating to Ships or Vessels, or Persons in Dillrels it Sea, or by Shipwreck, or relating to the Turkic, Apparel, or Furniture, or the Cargoes of such Ships or Vessels, o" relating to the Crew or PalT ngers belonging thereto, or the Monies, Goods, or Chattels of any of them, then am) in every such Case every such Pilot shall (over and above all other Punishments, Mulfts, and Penalties, foriu !. Odor; s) he dihniffed f»*om being a Pilot, or shall he suspended from acting as such, at the Discretion of ti>" Coryou'.tmv w oth*r Authority from which such Pilot's Licence was derived,

XI.

II. And b* 11 in: t) -r r-vch d, Th it no Person shall take Charge of any Vessel, 'or in any Manner aft as a Pilot, or rerftvm m v G>mpe. fation ur acting as a Pilot, unless he shall be authorized thereto, by some lawful Licence, nor. tint if such Licence shall have been regifUred by the principal Officers of the Custom House of the.48 Geo. III. 3 R by vjiOQw

485

Byp Lwd (M

he (YiYiom'd by Chief Jnliice of Bench or Common Picas.

Copies of all proposal Bye La; vs shall be previously tran'imiueiUo die Privy Council,

& c.

Copies (jf Bye La» 5 confirmed flail he hung up in Cullom Hoofes, &c. Bond oi Persons applying for Idee uces, to obey Bye Laws.

Masters of Vessels iter-forming Quarantine (Pali pay lull Charges of Pilotage, &.r. Penalty; on Pilots quitting Ships performing Quarantine.

Description of the Pilot's Period shall heinrlorted on his Licence, &c.

Pilot keeping Publick Houl-'y &c. (unless authorized; or ©fleiuiinc ajairft the Revenue Laws, Ke. shall hr difmiifct! or suspeaelvd.

No Pilot shall aft till his Licence has been retnf-tered by OAcxrt

486

cF the Cofbms,

ir>r a about havi >r Liconr*

' in his Cuiio ly.

[Penalty.]

On Death of Pi! >1, ui.s Licence shall <jc li.iiveicd ut). Penalty sol. to

All Corporation* or fV.tons authorize to»Petnfe Pilots may Jicrntc WflHn lor having Pilots in Artendanr* on them at Sea, and a Joint Stock Company may l»e constitmed For providing them, &c.

All Pilot Boats shall he Fitted as herein speri fieri, with the Name and Number of the principal Pilot painted thereon.

Penalty for

concealing Name r»r Number 20l.

All Boat* «anying Pilots shall shew a Hag.

Penalty for carrying Y'xz wi; hour a Pilot on hoard.

Penalty on Pilots declining to take Charge of YefieU, or ex.1 Mi tig more tlun the alknved Pec, or heitvr on Ity uf i'riyleft,

Brtmkenuc/v*4'. j otd. to lOl. and Pufpi'nliou, Kc.

JVr.aHy on Pilot* lor r mployiMg, nr requiring

MafUn to

C. 104. 48° GEORGII III. A.D. 180S.

Place at or neared to which such Pilot shall reside, which Officers are hereby required to register the fame without Fee or Regard, nor without havinghis Licence at the Time of his so acting in his personal Custody ready to be produced, and which he shall actually produce to the Mailer of any Ship or Vessel, or other Person who shall be d< firous of employing him as a Pilot; nor shall any Person, although duly licensed to act as a Pilot, aft in that Capacity out of or beyond the Limits expressed in his Licence, or beyond the Extent of his Qualification therein expressed; on pain of forfeiting a Sum not exceeding Thirty Pounds nor less than Ten Pounds for the First Offence, and for any Second or subsequent Offence any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds norless than Thirty Pound 5.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That on the Death of any Pilot, his Executors and Administrators, or One of them, or the Person or Persons to whose Hands the Licence of such deceased Pilot shall come, shall, without wilful Delay, trans.nit inch Licence to the Corporation, Company, or Persons by whom such Licence was granted, on pain of forfeiting for any Neglect therein, or for Refusal to deliver the fame when lawfully demanded, a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, and also for the said Society or Eel low'fh ip of Pilots of Dover, Deo/, and the JJIe of Thanet and also for all other Corporate Bodies, or other Persons having lawful Authority to appoint Pilots within the Limits of their respective Jurisdictions, to license Vessels of such Size and Description as shall appear to them to be proper for the Purpose of having Pilots coullantly in Attendance in such Vessels at Sea; and for the better Support of such Pilot Vessels, it shall be lawful for any Number of Pilots licensed by virtue of this Act, or otherwise lawfully licensed, with the Consent of the said Corporate Bodies, or Persons by whom respectively such Pilots have been or shall be appointed as aforesaid, to conttitute a Joint Stock Company or Companies for the providing and maintaining of such Pilot Vessels; which Companies, and the said Vessels, shall at all Time* be tub; eft to such Rules and Regulations as shall from Time to Time be sanctioned and approved in that Behalf by the said Corporate Bodies, or Persons by whom respectively such Pilots shall respectively have been licensed.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That every Pilot Boat or Vessel, or other Boat or Vessel in the Pilot Service of any Corporation or Society established by Law in relation to Pilotage, or of any Persons authorised to act as a Pilot by such Corporation or Society, shall at all Times and on every Station be fitted with Black Sides, and have the upper Strake next the Gunwale painted White, and shall while afloat carry a Vane at the Matt Head, or else a Flag on a Sprit or Staff, or in iomc other equally conspicuous Situation; which Vane or Flag shall be of large Dimensions, proportioned to the Size of the Boat or Vessel carrying the fame, and shall be half Red and half White, in horizontal Stripes, of which the uppermost shall be White, and the same shall at all Times be kept and preferwd iri a clean anti distinct Condition, so as to be easily discerned at a proper and sufficient Difiance, and every such Boat or Vessel shall also have the Name of the Principal Pilot thereof for the Time being, painted in broad White Letters of Three Inches in Length on a Black Ground on her Stern, and on each Bow such Number as shall be expressed in the Licence of such principal Pilot; which Name and Numbers shall not be hid or concealed by any Person at any Time, on pain of forfeiting the Sum of Twenty Pounds for such Omission or Evasion, to be paid by such principal Pilot, who shall at all Times be answerable for the du« Observance of the Matters aforesaid, by every Person on board such Boat or Vessel; and every other Boat not in the Service of any Corporation or Society carrying off a Pilot, shall exhibit a hmilar Flag on a Sprit or Mali, to distinguish that /he has a Pilot on board.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Boat or Vessel, not having a licensed Pilot on board, shall without lawful Authority carry such distinguishing Vane or Flag as aforesaid, the Owner or Owners, or the Master or other Person having Charge of inch Boat or Vessel, dilplaying or carrying any such Vane or Flag, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That every Pilot licensed by virtue of this Act, or othenviie duly licensed, who shall, when disengaged or on any frivolous Pretexts, decline to take charge of any Ship or Vessel, unless such Cause shall he shewn by the Pilot as shall jufiify his not taking charge of the Ship, or who shall decline, on being required by any Captain of any of His Majesty's Ships, or the Matter or other Person having the Charge of any Ship or Vessel, to come on hoard of any Ship or Vessel, or who shall decline, when required by any Commissioned Officer in His Majesty's Navy, or by any Principal Officer of His Majesty's Customs, or by any other Person or Persons interdict! as Principal or Agent for or on Behalf of any Ship or Vessel wanting a Pilot, to go efi to and take charge of any Ship or Vessel when it shall be safe so to do; or who shall exact or demand, or bargain for any greater Fee or Reward, or any greater Price or Hire for Pilotage than as are or shall be allowed by such Rales or Rules as are or shall hereafter be legally dlablished in that Behalf; or who shall in anywise delay going 011 board any such Ship or Vessel, or taking Charge thereof when on board or alongside thereof, or who shall quit any such Ship or Vessel, or decline the piloting thereof after he has been engaged or after going alongside thereof, without Leave of the Owner, Mailer, Captain, or Person having the chief Command of such Ship or Vessel, or before the Service shall have been performed for which he was hired, or shall by Drunkenness render himself incapable of conducting such Ship or Vessel, or shall negligently or wilfully run such Vessel on Shore, or lofc the fame, or do any Injury to the fame or to the Tackle or Furniture thereof, or who shall lend his Licence to any uuliceufed Person, to enable or assisi him towards acting or claiming to act as a licensed Pilot, shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds* nor less than Ten Pounds, and shall be liable to be di knitted from being or suspewded from acting as a Pilot, at the Diieretion of the said Corporation of Trinity House of D pi ford Strond, or at the Discretion of such other Corporate Body, or Person or Persons by whom such Pilot, was licensed.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Pilot licensed by virtue of this Act shall employ or make use of, or shall compel or require any Person having the Command or Charge of any Ship or Vessel, to employ or make use of any Boat, Anchor, Cable, Hau ler, or any other Matter or Tiling in or for the Service or pretended Service of such Ship or Vessel, beyond what flail aftUiilly and fond jidt be necessary and proper

48° GEORGII III.

0.104. 487

Rial, Ce. 50l. to lOl,

Penafry for

compiling any Veil'd into Danger, or Aiuwvcirariljr

for the Use thereof, with Intent thereby to enhance or increase the Charge or Expence of Pilotage or Pilot employ, any Afiiflauce of inch Ship or Vessel, whether for the Gain and Emolument of such Pilot, or for the Gain or "nneccflaiy Emolument of any other Person or Persons whomsoever, then and in every such Case the Person so offending shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds nor less than Ten Pounds, and shall also be liable to he deprived of his Licence, or to be fuf; ended from acting as a Pilot fi>r a limited Time, at the Discretion of the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strondf or other Authority by which he is or shall be licensed.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person licensed to act as a Pilot by virtue of this Act, or otherwise duly licensed, or any Person not being a Pilot, but acting under pretext or colour of Pilotage, shall wilfully and knowingly conduct, lead, decoy, or betray any Ship or Vessel into Danger in any Manner not already provided again! by any Statute or Statutes; or shall unnecessarily or improperly cut any Cable or Cables of or belonging to any Ship or Vessel, or enuie or procure the same to be cut unnecessarily and improperly; or if any such Pei ion shall, by wilful Mifrcpresentation of any Circumstances upon which the Safety of any Ship or &c,

Vessel shall appear materially to depend for the Time being, obtain or endeavour to obtain the Charge and tool, to aoI, &c. Conduct of any Ship or VefTd, then and in every such Case the Person lo offending, or who shall aid in, procure, abet, or connive at the committing of any such Offence or Offences, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds, nor let's than Twenty Pounds; and in case the Person so offending shall be a Pilot, he shall be either dilmilfed from being a Pilot, or suspended from acting a9 such for a limited Period, at the Discretion of the Corporation or other Authority by whom such Pilot was licensed.

L. And be it further enacted, That if any inch licensed Pilot Vessel or Boat shall run before any Ship or pilot Boats Vessel, not having a licensed Pilot on board, for the Purpose of directing the Course of such Ship or Vessel until running before a Pilot can he put on board, the Pilot on board such Pilot Vessel, or the Person having Charge of her, Vdlels not Audi be entitled to the full Pilotage for the Distance run, until a duly licensed Pilot shall be put on board, as if en^lo such Person had been actually on board such Ship, and had the Charge of her as a Pilot. Pilotage.

LI. And be it further enacted, That no Pilot shall be taken to Sea by the Commanding Officer of any of jsj0 p; |ot His Majesty's Ships, or by any Mailer of any Ship or Vessel in the Merchant Service, without his free Consent, taken to Sea except in case of absolute and unavoidable Necessity; and in such Case every Pilot so taken to Sea shall have without his and receive Ten Shillings and Sixpence per Diem* until he shall be returned to the Port or Place where he was Consent, except-taken on board, or until he shall have been discharged from the Ship for a sufficient Time to have enabled him &c

to return there. % # HiTpayv

LII.*And whereas it is expedient that the surplus Rates of Pilotage imposed by this Act on Ships not % having Brit'ish Registers, should be applied for creating a Fund for such Pilots belonging to the Trinity House of Defitford Strond, and of the Fellowship of the Cinque Ports as shall be superannuated be it enacted, Sur >lus Ratos of That all such Excess of Rates as aforesaid, which shall pertain to the Establishment of the Trinity House, shall Pipage on Ship* he paid to a Receiver or Receivers, to be appointed in that Behalf by the said Corporation at some Place or not havingBririftt Places convenient for the making of such Payment within the Port of London, and shall be applied by the said Krgiftprs shall be Corporation in the Manner herein after directed; and if such extra Rates of Pilotage shall peitain to the -P*'dtoRrerivers, Establishment of the Cinque Ports, then the same shall be paid to a Receiver or Receivers, to be in that Behalf un*

appointed by the Lord Warden and the Court of Loadmanage, at some convenient Place or Places for the infirm Pilow and Payment thereof within the said Port of London, and shall be applied by the said Court in the Manner herein- an Account after in that Behalf directed; that is to say, in both Cases to create a Fund for the better Support and thereof shall be Maintenance of such Pilots as shall become incapable of discharging their Duty from advanced Age, or from any annually laid Accident, or permanent Infirmity, to be applied and distributed in such Manner, and under such Rules and 3

Regulations as the Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strand^ and the Lord Warden and the Court of Loadmanage of the Cinque Ports shall respectively order and provide, of which Receipts and Appropriations the said Corporations and Courts respectively shall annually lay an Account thereof before Parliament, within Ten Days after the Commencement of each Session.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money which shall become due to any licensed Pilot for How Pilotage f Pilotage, shall and may be recovered from the Owners or Mailers of Ships or Vessels, or from the Consignees Ships, not or Agents thereof, not being Foreign Ships or Vessels, who shall have paid or made themselves liable to pay Forttgn, may hr any other Charge foT the Ship or Vessel in the Port of her Delivery, and shall and may be levied in such and Tec0VCT*d. the like Manner according to the Amount of any such Sums of Money respectively, as any Penalty or Penalties may be recovered and levied under and by virtue of this Act, Demand thereof being made in Writing at leail Fourteen Days before such Levy.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That the Consignees or Agents of all Foreign Ships and Vessels, who How Pilotage of shall have paid or engaged to pay any Charge whatever in relation to such Ship or Vessel, shall be liable to the Foreign Ships Payment of, and shall pay all Sums for Pilotage outwards, due to the Pilot or Pilots who shall have piloted may he such Ships or Vessels, on Proof being made within Fourteen Days after such Pilotage shall have been performed, recovered, on the Oath of such Pilot before any Justice of the Peace, that the fame has not been paid by the Captain of such Ship or Vessel; and in such Case the Sums of Money so due for Pilotage shall be recoverable in like Manner as any Penalty under the Suin of Ten Pounds may be recovered by virtue of this Act; and such Conii^eet of Consignees or Agents of Foreign Ships or Vessels are hereby authorised and empowered to retain in their Foreign hhip* Hands respectively, out of any Monies which they may have received for or on account of such Foreign Ship may retain or Vessel, or the Owner or Owners thereof, so much as shall be sufficient to pay and discharge such Pilotage Llotage. outwards, and any Expences attending the same.

LV. And be it further enacted, That the Mailer of every Ship or Vessel which shall be piloted or conducted penalty on

by any other than a duly licensed Pilot, within any Limits for which Pilots have been or shall be appointed of

by any lawful Authority, shall forfeit Double the Amount of the Sum which would have been demandable for piloted by the Pilotage of such Ship or Vessel, together with Five Pounds for every Fifty Tons Burthen of such Ship or Vessel; Provided always, that nothing in this Act shall extend to subject to Penalties any Mailer of aoy VtieugcV

£bip or Vessel who shall act himself as Pilot in passing up and down the En^lish Channel) or elsewhere in 51. p*t

3 R a by VjiOUS by 50 To*.

ij.8 8 C. 104.

48° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1808.

Exception.

Penali y for reporting 10 Pilot* a ialfe Account of the Draught of Water of Vessels, &c. aool.

Controvert# respecting the Draught of Water of VeflVIs shall be settled by Trinity House.

by any Part of the Coast of England, in the Course of any Voyage, or within the Limits of the Port or Place to which his Ship belongs, not being a Port or Place in relation to which Provision hath heretofore been made by any Act or Acts of Parliament, or by any Charter or Charters for the Appointment of Pilots, or who shall employ any Person as a Pilot, or who shall act himself as such for the Conduct of his Ship or Vessel, in any Case where and so long as a duly qualified Pilot shall not offer Assistance or make a Signal for that Purpose: Provided also, that this Act shall not extend or be construed to extend to hinder any Persons from assisting any Ship or Vessel in Distress at any Time or Place, nor shall subject such Persons, or any Mailer of any Ship or Vessel employing such Persons, to the Penalties of this Act, in respect of such A Hi (I a nee given during the Distress of such Ship or Vessel, or in consequence thereof, or under any Circ 11mRanees which Avail have rendered it necessary for such Mailer to avail himself of the best Assistance which at the Time could be procured; any Tiling herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That every Person having the Command or Charge for the Time being of any Ship or Vessel, who shall report, or be privy or consenting to any other Performs reporting to any Pilot taking the Charge of such Ship or Vessel, a ialfe Account of the Draught of Water of such Ship or Vessel* shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence, in addition to the Payment of the full Rate of Pilotage to the Pilot entitled thereto, double the Amount of such Pilotage; and any Person having the Command or Charge for the Time being of any Ship or Vessel, or having any Interest, Share, or Property therein, who shall fraudulently alter any Marks on the Stem or Sternpoll thereof, denoting the Draught of Water, or shall be privy to and consenting thereto, shall for any such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds. LVII.*And, in order to prevent or settle Controversies concerning the Draught of Water of Ships and

Vessels which shall be from Time to Time in the River of Thames (not having British Registers)/ be it enacted, That whenever any Difference about the Draught of Water of any Ship or Vessel shall arise between the Mailer or other Person having the Command of any such Ship or Vessel; and any Person who shall have piloted the fame into the said River, or who shall be required to pilot the fame therefrom, pursuant to the Directions of this Act, the said Corporation of Trinity House, or some proper Officer or Person appointed by them, shall admeasure the Draught of Water of such Ship or Vessel, and shall settle and determine the fame between the Parties, upon Application made by either of them to the said Corporation within Twelve Hours after such Ship or Vessel shall have arrived at her Moorings in the River, or before the Cargo thereof shall be begun to be unladen, or before such Ship or Vessel shall quit her Moorings on any outward Voyage; for which Admeasurement the Officer or Person making the same shall be paid One Guinea, if the Ship or Vessel shall be below or in the Pool, and Half a Guinea if above the Pool, by the Person requiring such Admeasurement, or making Application for the same to the said Corporation.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Mailer or other Person having the Command for the Time being of any Ship or Vessel required to be piloted according to the Directions of this Act, shall, on coming into the Port of London, and in making the Entry or Report of his Ship or Vessel Inwards, insert or cause to be inserted in such Entry or Report the Name of the Pilot or Pilots employed or engaged by him, or by the Owner of such Ship or Vessel to pilot the fame into the said Port of London, and which Insertion shall be made (without Fee or Reward) by the proper Officer of the Customs, in the said Entry or Report, who Avail also report the same to the Corporation of the Trinity House monthly; and also that the Principal Searcher or Clearing Officer of the Customs at Gravesend shall demand and take the Name or Names of the Pilot or Pilots of all Ships or Vessels clearing outwards from the Port of London, and shall transmit monthly Lists of such Names to the said Corporation of the Trinity House, on pain of forfeiting a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings, to be paid by every Person who shall neglect to comply with the foregoingt Gravcfrml shall Regulations respectively. rep >rt Vessels clcaringoutwards.

Tift* of all Pilots

LIX. And be it further enacted, That Lists of the Christian and Surnames, Ages, and Places of Residence, {halt be annually Of ap pilots in England, shall, with the Dates of their Appointments, on or before the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and eight, be transmitted to the Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, at their Court House in London, distinguishing the Limits within which such Pilots are appointed to ad respectively, and thenceforward from Time to Time as each Appointment of a Pilot shall take place; and also Duplicates of such Lifts to the Commissioners of the Customs in England, annexing to the Lifts to be transmitted to the Trinity House the Rates of Pilotage, and also Rating the Rules and Regulations made and established in relation to such Pilots, in case such Rules and Regulations shall have been made by any other Authority than by Act of Parliament, or by the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, and the fame, when so completed, shall be transmitted as aforesaid by the respective Bodies Politick and Corporate, and other Persons authorized to appoint Pilots in any of the Ports, Harbours, or Rivers, or on any of the Coasts of England, by whom such Pilots shall have been appointed respectively; and the said Bodies Politick and Corporate, and other Persons authorized to appoint Pilots as aforesaid, shall and they are hereby required to transmit to the said Corporation of Trinity House, at their said Court House in London* annually on the Thirty-Aril Day of December, or within One Calendar Month afterwards, a List corrected up to the said Thirty-first Day of December annually, of the Names and Residence of the Pilots within their several Jurisdictions, and Hating such Alterations as may have been made (if any) in the Rules and Regulations for governing Pilots within the respective Districts.

LX. 4 And whereas by Two Acts passed in the Forty-fifth and Forty-sixth Years of His present Majesty,

for the more effectual Performance of Quarantine, Pilots are required, on going on board Ships arriving from Foreign Parts, in certain Cases to give Information to the Commanders thereof respecting Proclamations and

Orders in Council relative to the Performance of Quarantine, which renders it necessary that Notice of such

Proclamations and Orders, which may have been issued subsequent to the Departure from England of such Ships, should be previously communicated to all Pilots throughout England; be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of the Customs shall, within One Month, from the Thirty-first Day of December One

T.thousand , -

Names of Pilot# shall be inserted in Report of

Ships coining into Port of London, by Officer of Customs, who shall report the fame monthly to the Trinity House.

Clearing Officer

transmitted to the Trinity House ami the Commissionen of Customs.

45 G. 3. c. 10. A6 G. 4. c. 98.

Commissionert of Customs fh^ft

A.D. 1808.

48° GEORGII III.

C. 104.'489

transmit to their Officer* at the fev: nil Port# in

Ei; !au<l the Nnuus ami

Kt: f«!cp.CC of she riict* who n.r.ii refute within the Limits ot each Port.

Prmifions of 8 F.li/. c. 1; i. &<* for Prtfmation of Beacons cx-trtulcil to Wfiels appointed to exhibit Lights, N.C. Penalty for running fou), &c. of such \YlTe!s» or any Buoy or Boueva.

09 G. 3. C. lxix.

the West India Dock Company, SOl. to aol., ixc*

thousand eight hundred and eight, transmit to the principal Officers of the Revenue under their Management at the several Ports in England, the Names and Places of Residence of such Pilots in the Lifts so traniniitted to them a=. ftudl reside within the Limits of each Port respectively, and so from thenceforward the Name of each Pilot of whose Nomination they shall receive Notice from the proper Authority, in order that the said principal Oliicers at the several Ports may be enabled to communicate to every Pilot within the Limits of the Ports respectively all Proclamations or Orders in Council respecting the Performance of Quarantine by Ships arriving from infected Places, which the said Officers are hereby required to do.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That all the Provisior.s, Clauses, Penalties, and Forfeitures, contained in an A&patted in the Eighth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, or any other A Cl or Acts made and in force for the Preservation of Beacons and Sea Marks, shall extend and be con timed to extend to all Vessels duly appointed to exhibit Lights therein for the Preservation of Ships and Vessels at Sea, and to all Persons removing, injuring, or destroying such Vessels or Lights; which Offences may be laid and tried in any County in England*

LXII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who (hnl! ride by, make sass to, or remove, or wilfully or negligently run down, or run foul of any Vessel appointed or placed to exhibit Lights, or any Buoy or Beacon belonging to the said Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond, or belonging to or placed by any other Corporation having lawful Authority to place the fame, shall forfeit for every Inch Offence any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds nor less than Ten Pounds, together with the Expence of replacing or making good any Damage occasioned by such Misconduct.

LXIII. 4 And whereas by an Act passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled, j4n /Id for rendering more commodious and for better regulating the Port of London, the Dock Mailer or Dock Mailers appointed by the West India Dock Company, under and by virtue of the said Act,

have full Power and Authority to direct the mooring, unmooring, moving or removing of all Ships and other Vessels, Lighters, and Craft, as shall be within the Distance of Two hundred Yards from any Entrance out of the said River there into the Works of the said Company, as to the Time or Times, and Manner of their

Entrance into, lying in, or going out of or from the same: And whereas the Powers given to the said Dock Mailer or Dock Mailers, under and by virtue of the said recited Act, have not been found sufficient to enable him and them to enforce Obedience to his and their Orders and Directions, to Pilots having the Charge or Direction of navigating Ships and Vessels within the aforesaid Distance of Two hundred Yards of the respective

Entrances into the said Docks from the River Thames p be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Penalty on Pilot* passing of this Act, if any Pilot or Pilots having the Charge or Direction of navigating any Ship or Vessel or within the aforesaid Distance of Two hundred Yards from the respective Entrances into the said Docks from Matter of*

the River Thames, and either intended to go into, or having recently come out of the Docks, Batons, or other Works of the said Company, shall neglect or refuse to obey such Orders or Directions as shall or may from Time to Time be given to such Pilot or Pilots by the said Dock Mailer or Dock Mailers under and by virtue of, and agreeably to the Powers vested in him and them by the said recited Act, touching or relating to the mooring, unmooring, moving, or removing of such Ships or Vessels so being under the Charge or Direction of such Pilot or Pilots as aforesaid, then and in every such Case every Pilot so offending shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds and not less than Twenty Pounds; and every such Pilot shall be liable to he dismissed from being a Pilot, or suspended from acting as such, at the Discretion of the Corporation, or other Authority by whom such Pilot was licensed.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond, and LiftofVclTeri the Court of Loadmanage of the Cinque Ports, and all other Corporations for managing or directing Pilots in employed for any Put of England* under the Authority of any Act of Parliament or Charter, shall annually, within One Month after che First Day of January in ever)' Year, transmit to the Office of the Receiver of the Sixpenny Duty in the Port of London* a List of all the Vessels, of every Description, employed by them, or by Persons under their Authority, for the Purposes of Pilotage, with the Number of Men and Boys belonging to or (erving in any such Vessel. the Receiver of the tub Duty in the Pori of Lomlon.

LXV. And be it farther enabled, That all Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures by this Act imposed or to be Recovery of imposed by any Bye Law made under the Authority thereof, the Manner of levying whereof is not herein directed, and which shall not exceed Twenty Pounds, or in respect of which any Stun less than Twenty Pounds may be awarded at the Discretion of any Justice hearing the Offence, may be levied and recovered within Six Calendar Months after the Offence or Offences committed, or within such other Time as is herein after in that Behalf directed, before any Justice or J offices of the Peace for the County, City, Division, or Place where the Offence shall be committed, or if committed by any Pilot, before any Justice of the Peace or Magi (Irate of the City, Town, or Port to which such Pilot shall belong; or if committed by any Owner or Mailer of any Ship, by any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate of the Com ty, City, Town, or Port at wlfch such Owner ot Mailer shall reside, or to which the Ship of such Owner or Master shall belong; or if committed by any Pilot of the Trinity House of Dp ford St rend, or the Cinque Port q or by any other Person on any Part of the Sea from Fclkjhne to the Mouth of the River Thames, or up the Rivers Thames or Medway, then by any Justice of the Peace of the Counties of Kent, Surry, Essex, or M'uldlcfex, or by any Magiftmte of the City of London; and' such Justice and Justices is and are hereby empowered and required, upon Complaint to lmu or them made, to grant a Warrant to bring before him or them such Offender or Offenders at the Time or Place in such Warrant specified; and if on Conviction of the Offender or Offenders rtf pc/lively, or on his, her, or their Confefuon, or on the Evidence of any One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to administer) such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices to commit every such Offender to the common Gaol or House of Correction for the County, City, or Place where the Offender shall be committed, there to remain without Bailor Mainpriie, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months nor left than Twenty-one

5^Days,

>vu!i

the Number of Hands, shall be annually transmitted to

kVnultics not exceeding 2i)L*

C. 104. 48° GEORGII III. A.D. 1808.

Days, until such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be Sooner paid: Provided always, That no Justice or Mag ill rate shall in any Cale award any Sum exceeding Twenty Pounds.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Fir.es, Penalties, or Forfeitures exceeding the Sum of Twenty-Pounds by this Act imposed, for any Offence or Oli'ences committed against this Act, or in which any greater Sum may be award' d than Twenty Pounds, and in which the Party prosecuting such Offence shall proceed for any greater Sum than Twenty Pounds, shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of I i is Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, or any more than One Imparlance shall be allowed, within Twelve Calendar Months next after the Offence or Offences shall be committed, or within such other Time as is herein after in that Behalf directed: Provided always, that in case the said respective Periods of Six Calendar Months and Twelve Calendar Monthly or either of them, within which Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures are to be sued for as aforesaid, shall in any Case or Cafc3 elapse and run out before any Prosecution hereby authorized or directed shall have been commenced for the Recovery of such Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures; and if it shall in Manner herein after mentioned be made to appear, as loon after as the Circumstances of the Case shall reasonably admit, that the Commerce* ment of the Prosecution 1ms been delayed by reason of the Absence of any Party or Parties, whether offending or complaining, or by the Absence of any uecessary Witness or Witnesses; then upon such Circurostances being Hated by Aflidavit, in Writing, made before any Judge of any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at West* wlnjhr, it shall thereupon be lawful for any such Judge or Judges to order or authorize the Commencement of such Prosecution, within such further Time as such Judge shall think fit to limit in that Behalf, and in such Case the Prosecution or Prosecutions so ordered or authorized, shall and may be commenced and prosecuted within the Time or respective Times so limited, in like Manner and with the like Fltfeft, in all Respects, as if lor such Prosecutions had been commenced and prosecuted within the said respective Periods of Six Months and Courtl(rf, IWn ° Twelve Months hereby limited: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to affect or impede Loadmana^o, the Jurisdiction of the Court of Loadmanage, as far as respects the Pilots appointed under the Authority of the and Admiralty said Court; and provided also, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to Court. affect or impair the Jurisdiction of the High Court of Admiralty.

Justice of any

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person against whom a Warrant shall be issued by any

County whither Justice or Justices, before or after any Conviction for any Offence against this Act, shall escape, go into, orf< a^e°or Vhere re^e» or in any other County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, not of the Jurisdiction Ls Gcxx^r(hail ^u^ice or Justices granting such Warrant or Warrants; or if the Goods and Chattels of any Offender

he, mav indorse convicted of any Offence in pursuance of this Act, shall be in any County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, the original Town, or Place, other than where the said Party was convicted, or Warrant of Dill refs granted, it shall be Warrant, which lawful for any Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place into twlwoOftic-eri which such Person shall escape, cither before or after Conviction, or where his Goods and Chattels shall be to execute it after such Conviction, and they and every of them are hereby required, upon Proof made upon Oath of the fc.c,Hand-writing of any Justice or Justices granting such Warrant or Warrants, to indorse his or their Name or Names on such Warrant; and the fame, when so delivered, shall be sufficient Authority to all Peace Officers to execute such Warrant in such other County, Riding, Division, City, Town, or Place out of the Jurisdiction of the Justice or Justices granting the said Warrant; and any Justice or Justices respectively, on the Offender or Offenders being apprehended and brought before him or them within their respective Jurisdictions, may proceed to hear and determine the Complaint, in the same Manner as if it had originally arisen within his or their respective Jurisdictions, and may direct the Offender or Offenders to be carried to the Justice or Justices who granted the original Warrant, to be dealt with according to Law.

Application of

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That One-third of all Fines or Penalties to be levied in pursuance of Penalties. this Act, or under any Bye-Law made in pursuance thereof, by whomsoever incurred, shall go to the Person who shall inform or sue for the fame, and the Remainder of all such Fines or Penalties shall be paid and applied to the Fund of the Trinity House at Deptford Strond, and shall be applied, after defraying thereout the Expences of carrying this Act into Execution, in such Manner and for the like Purposes as the other Funds of the said Corporation are by Law or Usage applicable, in case such Fines or Penalties shall be incurred by Pilots licensed by the said Corporation, or by any other Person or Persons, in relation to any Matters wherein such hlU mentioned Pilots shall be in anywise concerned; and in case such Fines or Penalties shall be incurred by Pilots of the Cinque Ports, or by any other Person or Persons in relation to any Matters wherein such last-mentioned Pilots shall be in anywise concerned, then the remaining Two-thirds of such last -mentioned Fines or Penalties shall go to such Fund as hath been or shall be established by the Persons having the Direction of the Cinque Port % Pilots, and shall be applied to the Use of such respective Funds, after defraying, out of such Funds and Penalties, the respective* Expences incurred in carrying this Act into Execution.

TVitT^flV. not

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall be summoned as a Witness before any

ppeanu" may Justice or Justices of the Peace, shall refuse or neglect to appear at the Time by such Summons appointed,

tticTioufe of*having no jl'ff Cause for such Neglect or Refusal, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices, on Proof of

Correction. such Summons having been served, and of a Tender of reasonable Expences having been made to such Person on his being served with such Summons, to issue his or their Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, to bring such Person before him or them; and if on Appearance, or on being brought before any Justice or Justices, such Person shall refuse^to be examined on Oath concerning the Premises, without having

some just Cause for such Refusal, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices, by Warrant under his Hand

and Seal or their Hands and Seals, to commit such Person to the House of Correction of the County, City, Division, or Place where any such Person shall be apprehended, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Six Months a<)r less tlijin Fourteen Days, as any such Justice or Justices shall direct.

e

490

Rrrovfry of

iVt'nUies al /ove 291.

48° GEORGII III.

C. 104. 491

LXX. And be it further enacted, That every Person, who in any Examination upon Oath under the Penalty of Pnwilions of this Act, shall wilfully give false Testimony or a faife Account of the Matter sworn to by him, P^jwy on false Unll be liable to be prosecuted for the fame by Indictment; and, if duly convicted of false Swearing in the ^vwience* Premises, shall be subject and liable to such Punishments, Disqualihcations, and Disabilities, as any Person would be subject or liable to for wilful and corrupt Perjury in any other Case by the Laws and Statutes of the Realm.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That where any Distreflcs shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Pistress not Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor shall the Party unlawful on or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on account of any Defcdt or want of Form vfJraot

in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or the Proceedings relating thereto; neither shall the Party 0 o^nl, or Parties be deemed a Trespa(Ter or Trespassers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards committed; but the Party or Parties aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover the full Satisfaction for the special Damage sustained in an Action on the Case.

LXXII. ' And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, ' be it further Form of enabled, That all and every Justice and Justices of the Peace before whom any Person shall be convicted of CouwdUons# any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up according to the following Form; videlicet,

gE it remembered, That on the Day of in the Year of our

Lord A.B. is convicted before me [or, us]

One [or, Two, as the Case may be"] of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the

fere specify the Offence, and the Time and Place when and where committed, as the Case may be] contrary to 1 an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [here insert the

Title of this Given under my Hand and Seal [or our Hands and Seals] the Day and Year first

above written/

And no Certiorari or other Writ or Process, for the Removal of any such Conviction, or any' Proceedings thereon, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster> shall be allowed or granted.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons so convicted by any Justice or Justices of the Peace before mentioned, of any Offence or Offences against this Act, or against any Rule, Order, or Bye J«aw made in pursuance thereof, within Three Calendar Months next after such Conviction, to appeal to the Justices of the Peace assembled at the General Quarter St (lions holden for the County, City, or Place where the Matter of Appeal shall arise, first giving Ten Days Notice of such Appeal to the Person or Persons appealed against, and of the Matter thereof, and within Fourteen Days next after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for such County, City, or Place, with sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and for abiding the Determination of the Court therein; and such Justices shall, upon due Proof of such Notice having been given, and Recognizance entered into, hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal, and may cither confirm or quaffi and annul the Paid Conviction, and award such Cods to either Party as to them shall seem just and reasonable, and the Decision of the said Justices therein shall be final, binding, and conclusive; and r.o Proceeding to be had or taken in pursuance of this Act shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form only, or be removed by Certiorari or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any' of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Suit or Action shall be brought or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Thing done or to be done in pursuance of this Act, in every such Case the Action or Suit shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, and not afterwards, and shall he laid or brought in the County, City, or Place where the Cause of Action arises, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, Not Guilty, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear so to be done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time limited for bringing the same, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited or suffer a Ddcontinuance of his, her, or their Action or Actions, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and (h: 11 have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Coils of Suit in other Cases by Law.

LXXV. Provided alway's, and it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prejudice or take away any Right, Pnperty, Authority, or Jurisdiction of the Mayor of the City of London, or of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, to, in, and upon the River of Thames aforesaid.

[Publick Act.]

§ 76."

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be in force for Four Years from the passing ttercef.

No Ccritoracj,

Appeal to Quarter Sessions, who may award Colls.

Proceedings not to be quashed loT want ot Form, nor removed by Certiorari, limitation of Actions,

Six Months.

General Issue>

Treble ct.fU.

Saving Right# of the City of London.

Continuance oC

Aa.

SCHEDULES

48 GEORGII III.

A.D. 1808.

C. 104.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE A.

A TABLE of the RATES of PILOTAGE for piloting Ships from the River to the Downs, and up and down the North Channel from and to Hofely Bay; or from off the Entrance of the Thames to London, and to Sea from the River.

FROM TO Under 7 Feet. From 7 Feet to 10 Feet. 11 Feet. it Feet. 13

£ x. d. £ X. J. £ X. d. £ /. d. £ d.

( Nore or Warps 4 0 0 S 10 0 5 O 6 16 0 7 5 0

From the Sea, Or- \ Gravesend, Chatham, Stand- 1 7 10 8

fordness, the Downs, J gate Creek, or Blackflakes J 5 0 0 0 5 O90 09l5 0

Hofely Bay, and vice J versa - - / Longreach 5 5 0 7 15 0 8 12 09to 0 10 $ t

W oolwich or Blackwall 5 0 3 5 095 0 10 0 0 11 0 0

V Moorings or London Docks' - 6 6 0 8 11 09lS 0 10 IO 0 it 10 0

From the Nore or j'Gravesend or Standgate Creek - 2 2 0 2 0 3 5 0 3 12 0 3 18 0

Warp, or thereabouts, < and vice versa -)Longreach or Chatham Woolwich or Blackwall.Moorings 6r London Docks - 2 3 3 10 0 10 0 0 0 3 4 4 3 0 10 0 0 0 3 4 55 5 0 0 0 4 4 5 5 18 J5 0 0 0 4 5 6 10» / 5 0 6 0

Upward:

r Longreach - 0 10 0 1 7 6 1 12 6 Y7 6 2 2 6

Woolwich or Blackwall 1 5 0 2 0 0 2 8 0 2 18 0 3 8 0

From Grave fend J Moorings or London Docks - 1 10 0 2 10 0 3 0 0 3 10 0 4 0 0

React), and vice versa j Downward:

Sheerness or Blackflakes 3 0 0 3 10 0 4 0 0 4 10 0 5 0 0

I Chatham 3 10 0 4 0 0 4 10 0 5 0 0 5 10 0

Upward:

r Woolwich or Blackwall 1 0 0 1 10 0 2 0 0 2 10 0 3 0 0

Moorings or London Docks - 1 10 0 2 0 0 2 JO 0 3 0 0 3 10 0

From Longreach - 4 Downward:

Sheerness or Blackflakes 3 10 0 4 0 6 4 JO 0 5 0 0 s 10 0

Chatham - - 4 0 0 4 IO 0 5 0 0 5 10 0 6 0 c

Upward:

Moorings or London Docks - 1 0 0 1 ro 0 1 12 6 1 l5 090 0

Downward:

Sheerness or Blackflakes 4 0 0 4 10 0 5 0 0 5 6 10 0 6 0 0

Chatham ... 4 10 0 5 0 0 5 IO 0 0 0 6 10 0

1

: 1 I

£hips not having British Registers to pay One fourth more of the Rates of Pilotage than dated in the above Table, except chiefly laden with Com or other Provisions.

For Half a Foot exceeding the above Draughts of Water the medium Price between the two Limiti. For intermediate Distances a proportionate Rate.

For removing a Ship or Vessel from Moorings into a Dry or Wet Deck:

£ /. d.

For a Ship under 300 Tons -0150

300 to 600 — - - 1 1 0

6ooto 1, 000 — - - i 11 6

above 1, 000 — - -»1 0

48" GEORGII III.

C. 104. 493

SCHEDULE A. — continued.

I A TABLE of the RATES of PILOTAGE for piloting Ships from the River to the Downs, and of and down the North Channel, from and to Hofely Bay; or from off the Entrance of the Thames to London, and to Sea from the River.

a

14 Feet. 15 Feet. 16 Feet. 17 Feet. 18 Feet. 19 Feet. 20 Feet. 21 Feet. 22 Feet. 23 Feet 3c upwards.

u- ' I £ s. A. d £ X. d. s. r/. £ /. </. c. s. d & d. r. x. d £. s. d.

I 0 0 8 10 0910 0 IO 5 0 I I 16 O 12 10 0 H 0 0 — I 1 -

10 10 0 II 5 0 12 0 0 125 05 6 0 18 2 0 21 0 0 23 2 ! 0 1 4 0 27 6 0

10 17 6 I I 15 0 12 10 04 6 6 16 16 0 20 4 0 23 2 03 O 1 0 27 0 0 29 0 0

12 0 0 12 15 0 13 10 0 8 07 0 21 5 0>4 0 0 27 O 0 —

n 10 0 13 10 0 5916 0 0 18 10 0 22 6 0 2S 3 0 -

4*0 4 10 0 4 18 0 5 10 0 6 6 0 7 0 0 8 8 099 0 IO 10 0 ir 11 0

4 H 6 5 2 0 3 J4 0 6 6 0 7 7 0 8 0 0 10 10 0 11 11 0, 12 12 0 x3 x3 0

5 18 0 6 6 0 6 15 0 7 0 8 18 0 10 0 0 j 2 12 033 Qi -

65 0 7 5 0 73 0 85 0 10 0 0 12 0 0 x4 0 05 0 oj "

7 6 2 12 6 2 17 6 3 2 6 3 7 6 3 12 6 3 x7 6 -

j 18 0 4 5 0 4 J.3 0 5 2 0 3 10 0 65 0 8 5 0 -

410 0 5 0 0 5 10 0 6 0 0 6 10 0 8 0 0910 0

5 to 0 6 0 0 6 10 0 7 0 0 7 IO 0 8 0 0 8 10 0 -

6 0 0 6 10 0 7 0 0 7 10 0 8 0 0 8 IO 090 0

I 10 6 4 0 0 4 10 0 5 0 0 3 12 6 6 6 0 7 0 090 O —

4 0 0 4 10 0 5 0 0 5 12 6 6 6 0 7 0 0 8 0 0 10 0 0

6 0 0 6 10 0 7 0 0 7 10 0 8 0 0 8 10 090 0910 O — > —

6 10 0 7 0 0 7 10 0 8 0 0 8 IO 090 0910 0 10 0 0 "

3 S 0 2 10 0 25 0 3 0 0 3 5 0 3 IO 0 35 0 -

6 10 0 7 0 0 7 10 0 8 0 0 8 IO 09 0910 0 -

7 0 0 7 10 0 S 0 0 8 10 090 09IO 0 10 0 0

Li the River Thames above Gravesend:

For a Boat of a Class carrying an Anchor of above- 4 cwt. with a corresponding Towline, the Rate - - "

Ditto with an Anchor above 2 cwt. and corresponding Towline Ditto with an Anchor under 2 cwt. &c.

And for each Man's Service in those Boats, 101. 6d. per Tide.

£ r. d. 1 per Trip for the whote Didance

2 2 0 1 [ from Gravesend to London, and

1 11 6I [ in Proportion for any Part of

t 1 Oj I that Distance.

48 Geo. III.

3 S

SCHEDULE

vO

4-

SCHEDULE (B.)

A TABLE of the respective RATES to be received by the Pilots of the Cinque Port EfUblishment, according to the Regulations established by this Act.

FROM TO Under 7 Feet. From 7 Feet to 10 Feet. 11 Feet. 12 Feet. 13 Feet. 14 Feet. 15 Feet.

£. s. d. £. s. d. £. j. d. £. s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d £. s. d.

- Nore, Sheemefc, 1 I j

Standgate Creek, > 500 7 10 0 8509009l5 0 10 10 0 11 50

Gravesend j

The Downs

Longrcach 5 10 6 806900915 0 10 12 6 11 76 12 6 O

Blackball or London 6 6 0 8110915 O 10 10 0 11 100 I 12 50 1 13 7

Standgate Creek Gravesend 1 3 3 0 33 6 440 1, 14 6 h° 5 '5 6 j 6 60

16 Feet.

17 Feet. 18 Feet.

£. j. d.£» j.

12 15 o 15 60

16 17 6 18 90

7 17 6

9 Feet. 20 Feet.

£. /. d. £. j. d. 18 2021 00

20 4 023 20

22 6 025 4 o

8 8 o' 8 18 6

21 Feet

£. 1. d.

22 Feet. 23 Feet and upwards

£. j. d. £, s. d.

25 4 0 27 60

27 60 29 8 O

- —

- —

o

o

00

9

a

w

o

o

o

cq'

CD

CL

N.B. One Fourth Part is to be added to the respective Rates in the several foregoing Classes for Ships not having Britishi Registers.

For every Half Foot exceeding 10 Feet of the above Draughts of Water an increased Rate equal to the Medium between the Two Limits is to be paid. For intermediate Distances a proportionate Rate equal to Half the Difference between the Two Limits.

Ships and Vessels which shall be boarded by Pilots West ward of the Downs are to pay the several Rates following:

o

0

For putting a Pilot on board, and for Pilotage to the Anchorage in the < Downs.

1. From off Dungeness to the Downs -

2. From the Westward of Folkstone to the Downs

3. From the Westward of Dover to the Downs* -

4. From off Dover and Westward of the South Foreland to the Downs - «*.

5. From off the South Foreland and to the Northward of that Promontory to the Anchorage in thei

Downs, or for coming on board when at Anchor there - - - J

<€. j. d.

5 50

4 o

3 o

2 o

4

3

2

12 0

Ships not having Britidi Registers to pay One fourth more of the Rates of Pilotage than is stated in this Table, except such as are chiefly laden with Corn or other Rrovifiona.

To all the several Rates above mentioned shall be added £5 per Cent, when the Number of Cinque Port Pilots shall be increased to 140; £10 per Cent, when they shall be increased to 160; and £io per Cent, when they shall be increased to 180; of which increased Numbers respectively, Notice shall be given by the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports, or by his Authority, in the London Gazette, and iu one or more Newspapers, circulating in the Counties of Middlesex and Kent.

£. $ d.

In the River above Gravetend,

corresponding Ditto with an Anchor under 2 Cwt., 6cc,

And for each Man's Service in those Boats, 10s. 6d. per Tide*

£ate 2 2 0)1

1 11 6 I 1*X t Q I

O

{For a Boat of a Clas. carrying an Anchor of above Cwt, with a corresponding Tow Line, the Rate 2 2 o)per Tri for the whole Distance from -

Ditto with an Anchor above 2 Cwt. and corresponding low Line - - I n 6^; ----- 5?

Gravesend to London* and in proportion for any Part of this Distance.

OO

O

Op

48° GEORGII III.

C. 104 — 107.

SCHEDULE (C.)

OATH to be taken by the Mailer and Wardens of the Society of Cinque Port Pilots.

4 T A* B. do swear, That I will diligently and impartially examine and inquire into the Capacity and Skill*of in the Art of piloting Ships and Vessels over the Flats and

round the Longfand Head, and up the Rivers of Thames and Medway, and into Ramfgatcy Dover, Sandwich- and Margate Harbours, and also upon the Coails of Flanders and Holland; and will make true and speedy Return thereof to the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports for the Time being, or his Deputy, without Favour, Affection, Fee, or Reward. So help me GOD.*

495.

SCHEDULE (D.)

OATH to be taken by Sub-Commissioners for Pilotage.

I A.B. do fw'ear, That I will diligently and impartially examine into the Capacity and Skill of

4'in the Art of piloting Ships and Vessels into the Roaditcad, Port,

4 or Harbour, and upon the Coast following, videlicet, £ here describe the Limns within nuhich the Person examined is intended to act as a Pilot'l and w ill make true and speedy Return thereof to the Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, without Favour, AfTrdtion, Fee, or Reward, other than such Fee or

Reward as is allowed by the Bye Law's or Regulations duly established in that Behalf. So help me GOD.*

CAP. CV.

An Act to authorize His Majesty until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, to make Regulations respecting the Trade and Commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope [25th June 1808.]

[SVr 46 G, 3. c. 30. to which this Act is prccifcly similar.J

Cap. cvr.

An Act to remedy the Inconvenience which has arisen, and may arise, from the Expiration of Acts, before the passing of Acts to continue the same.

[25th June 1808.]

WHEREAS Bills for the continuing of A<rts in force only for a limited Time have sometimes not passed*\V before the Expiration of the Act intended to be continued; and great Inconvenience may arise therefrom; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That where any Bill may have been or shall be introduced into this present or any Wjipn future Session of Parliament, for the Continuance of any Act which would expire in such Sessions, and such continuing Act shall have expired before the Bill for continuing the same shall have received the Royal Assent, such con- Expiring Act* tinuing Act shall be deemed and taken to have Effect from the Date of the Expiration of the Act intended to not l*1* be continued, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such continuing Act had actually passed beiore the AcU before the Expiration of such Act, except it shall be otherwise especially provided in such continuing Act;

Provided nevertheless, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to affect any continued from Person or Persons with any Punishment, Penalty, or Forfeiture whatsoever, by reason of any Thing done or their Expiration j omitted to be done by any such Person or Persons contrary lo the Provisions of the Act so continued, betw een Kv*pt as to the Expiration of the fame and the Date at which the Act continuing the fame may have received or shall Penaihe$. receive the Royal Assent.

CAP. CVJI.

An Act to enable the Secretary at W.ir to enforce the making of Returns from Clerks of Subdivisions, and others, in relation to Fines, Half Bounties, and Residues of Sums due under certain Acts relating to the Defence of the Realm, for the Purpose of directing the Distribution thereof to the Persons entitled thereto.

[25th June tSo8.]

WHEREAS large Sums of Money have from Time to Time, under the Authority of the Acts relating

\Y to the Militia, and of a certain other Act, passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty,

intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty more effectuaV.y to ratfe and affvmble in England an additional Military utv»rr j\ a

y of the Uni tvJ Kingdom, and for the more v: gor: us Prof cation of the lie Forty-fonrth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for additional Force for the D fence of the Realm, and /' provide for aug-and for the gradual Reduction of the Militia rf E lgland, been paid into

_ __ _ 'v1'"1i*, £>*, t*' % w H4i 111/fiui ah n it ary

Force for the better Defuse and Security of the United Kingdom, and for the more v: gor: us Prof cation of the 'War, and of another A el, paired in the Forty-f<

1 fjlablishing and maintaining a permanent minting His Majesty's Regular Forces,

and now remain in the Hands of Clerks of Sttbdivilion Meetings, and other Persons; which Sums ought to be paid and distributed to the Persons entitled thereto: But by reason of the \n t of proper Returns, and of the insufficiency of the Returns made, and the want of adequate Powers for enforcing Returns relating to lueli Sums of Money, such Sums cannot be distributed; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Muj'div, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prclcwt Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Hull be la.xful for the Secretary at

'3 S 2

Att*; or uiulex the lAi dice

A ns,

4 \ (I. : j. c. 2; 44 G. .3. c.

Secretary at War may all lor Returns from Clerks of General or Subdivision Meetings, &c.

penalty on

iXpgloift in making Returns, or making fulfe Returns, 5ol.

On Order from Sc< retary War dm* Payment ILall oe made of Monies ipi*: ir'.ng by the Reiujns to be in the Hands of the said Clerks, ike.

For Recovery and Application of? enajues by Action.

Penalties, fcc. maybe recovered fuminarily in the Exchequer, autl levied by Diiiiingas.

Persons making Returns and pay ng Money Under this A cl indemnified from all former

reoakica.

C. 107, 108. 48° GEORGII III. A.D. 1808.

War to require all or any Clerks of General or Subdivision Meetings, or Persons who shall have acted as Clerkt of General or Subdivision Meetings in the Execution of any of the said recited Acts, or their Representatives, and also all and any Persons inwhefe Hands any Fines or Moieties of Fines paid under any of the said recited Acts, or any Monies arising from any Half Parts or Residucs of any Sums of Money paid by or on account of any Persons ballotted to serve in the Militia or additional Force, for the engaging of any SuMlitutes or Volunteers to be enrolled in their Rend, shall have been deposited, or to whom any such Fines, Moieties of Fines, Half Parts or Residues as afon laid, shall have been transferred or paid, to make such Return or Returns of all Monies arising from such Fines, Half Parts or Residues of any such Sums of Money as aforesaid, received by or paid to or deposited in the Hands of any such Clerks or ether Persons, and of all Matters and Particulars relating thereto, or the Payment of any Part thereof to any Persons entitled thereto, as the Secretary at War shall deem from Time to Time necchary for enabling him to make order for the Distribution thereof, and Payment of the fame, to the Persons ii it it led. thereto; and all such Returns shall be made out in such Form, and shall contain such Particulars as shall be directed by the Secretary at War, or the Deputy Secretary at War, for that Purpose.

II. And be it further cuaded, That every such Clerk or other Person, called upon to make such Returns as aforesaid, who shall wilfully refuse or neglect to make such Return for Ten Days after receiving any Requi* fition for that Purpose from the Secretary at War, or Deputy Secretary at War, or shall vvilfull iufert in any such Return any false Statement of any Matter required by the Secretary at War, under the Authority of this Act, to be Rated therein, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

III. And be it further euaded, That if it shall appear to the said Secretary at War, by any such Return, or otherwise, that any Monies are remaining in the Hands of any such Clerk or other Person as aforesaid, which ought to be distributed or paid over to any other Persons under any of the said recited Acts, n 1)1.11 be lawful for the said Secretary at War, or the Deputy Secretary at War, to make an Order upon such Clerk or other Person as aforesaid to pay over the fame; and every such Clerk or other Person as afoix said, having any such Money as aforesaid in his Hands, who shall wilfully neglect or refuse to pay over any such Money according to any such Order of the Secretary at War, or the Deputy Secretary at War, within Ten Days after receiving the fame, shall forfeit for every such Neglect or Refusal, the Sum of One hundred Pounds and double the Amount of the Money so remaining in his Hands.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, imposed by this Act, may be recovered either in the Manner herein after directed, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, at the Suit of His Majesty's Attorney General, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or the Court of Great Session in the Principality of Wales, or the Courts of the Counties Palatine of Chjltr, Lancaster, and Durham, as the Case may require, wherein no Effoigo, Privilege, Protection, Wagdr of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and such Fine, Penalty, and Forfeiture, when recovered, shall go and be applied to the Use of His Majesty.

V. Provided always, and be it further er.acted, That in every Case in which any such Clerks of Subdivision Meetings or other Persons whatsoever, having in their Hands any such Fines, Moieties of Fines, Half Parts, or Residues of such Sums of Money as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to make any inch Return as is prescribed by this Act within Ten Days after such Requisition as aforesaid, or shall make an untrue Return as aforesaid, or shall not, within Ten Days after receiving any Order for the Payment over of any Money as aforesaid, pay the same according to such Order, it shall be lawful for His Majesty's Court of Exchequer, and such Court is hereby authorized, on the Application of His Majesty's Attorney General by Motion to the said Court, in a summary Way to hear and determine the Matter of such Application; and if upon Notice of such Application to the Clerk of the Subdivision Meetings or other Person aforesaid, in respect of whom such Application shall have been made, no sufficient Cause shall be shewn for such Default, Neglect, or Omission as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Court of Exchequer to assess such Penalties and Fine respectively as are hereinbefore imposed, and to cause the fame respectively to be levied by D'iJInngas, or other Process applicable to, the Nature of the Case, according to the Rules and Practice of such Court.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every such Clerk or other Person, duly making all such Returns as shall be required of him under the Authority of this Act, and duly and faithfully paying over ail Money according to any such Order as aforesaid, shall be and is hereby indemnified aguinR and released and discharged from all Penalties, Forfeitures, and Suits to which he might have been liable by any former Acts, for any Neglect in making Returns, or in not paying over any such Money as aforesaid; any Thing in any Act or Ado to the contrary' notwithstanding.

CAP. CVIII.

An Act for carrying into complete Execution and Effvcl certain Provisions contained in an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of His prescrit Majesty, for making Compensation to the Patentee Officers of the Picas Side of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland, as fur as rMptds the Compen-fition to John M^Clintock, and William FJler AFClintoch Esquires, Patentee Officers of the O dice of Serjeant at Arms of the said Court of Exchequer.

[25th June i3o8.]

" 43 G. 3. c. 53. y 9, 10. recited. — Amount of Fees and Emoluments received by Messrs. M'CUntocl may be " ascertained as under y 9. of recited Act within Three Months after puffing this Act. St. - Commissioners u for auditing publick Accounts in Inland, shall enquire into Diminution of such Fees, and the Amount, on " their Certificate to the Treasury, shall become a Charge on the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, §2. (dr u §10. of recited /Id.) — Publick Act, §3/*

CAP. CIX.

A.D. 1808.

48° GEORGII III.

C. 109.

497

Brazil, &c. (not*

j'roKioited; i.upoited in 3 i mi in-built Ships or in " WUrU cl: l« ribcii in r*rit«-l Act may lie !uw'*-d on \ 'aVl; jt t C. ot tllC

low- li Duty, p.iva'-le on the like t i«.K»da from odu r lVrtign Count its; tit British <>r Forum Bottom*

rtipectively.

- ' CAP. CIX.

An Act to regulate the Trade between Great Britain and the Portuguese Territories, on the Continent

of South America.

[25rh June 1808.]

' 1 IT HER HAS by an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for perm): ling 49 G. D. c. 11*.

' thr mnoriaiitn of Goods from the Portuguese Territories cn the Continent cf South America, in Por- tu; ni eft* Sk: fs, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of the said«Territories and Pod ifiojis which are not prohibited by Law, to be imported from Foreign Countries: are 'permitted to he imported i: to th!s Kingdom, in such Foreign Ships or VefLds as are therein described; And whereas it is expedient that Relief should also be given with respect to the Duties payable on certain

Articles being of the Growth, Ptoduce, and Manufacture of the Paid Territories or Peffofiions, imported

'into Great Britain; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the f; or^sofrhe Ki Vs moll Ex eel lei it Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con feat of the Lords Spiritual and .Temporal, (iruUih of and Commons, in this present P Vumcut assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, being of the Growth, Produce, and Manufacture of Bra-zif or any other Territories or PofiVTions of the Crown of Portugal in South America (which are not prohibited by Law Irom being imported from Foreign Countries, and which shall have been or shall be imported directly into Great Britain, either in British-built Ships or Vessels, owned, navigat- d and reg Itered according to Law, or in Inch Ships or Vessels as are in the Paid recited Act particularly described, shall and may he entered and landed on Payment of inch Duties of Customs and Excite, and no higher, as are payable on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize of the like1 Denomination or Description, upon their Importation into Great Britain from a iy other Foreign Country; and in Cases where different Duties are uuposed upon Goods, Wares, or Merchandize of the like Denomination or Description, imported from dish ivnt Foreign Countries, then upon Payment of the loweit Duties which by Law are required to be paid 011 the Importation into Great Britain of any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize from any other Foreign Country: Provided always, that where any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize are imported from Braid, or a; .v of the fain Territories or Possessi >ns in any Ship or Vessel not being AY/7//Z>-built, owned, navigated and regiffeivd according to Law, such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize shall be f ibject and liable to the Duties due and payable on iinular Articles when imported in such Ship from any other Foreign Country.

II. And be it further enacted, That a .y Tobacco being the Growth or Prod u ft ion of Braid, or of any Brazilian Other Territories or Puff Hi >ns of the Crown of Portugal in South America, maybe imported into Great Britain 'D>ly. v'in British-bxuh Ships or Veflehs or in such Ships or Vessels as are described in the said recited Act, upon rlulifOut Payment of the lame Duties of Customs and Excite, as Tobacco imported by Briiijk Subjects from any British asToilami Colony or Plantation in America is subject to 5 and that any Snuff being the Manufacture and Production of; j, |>ort-J by Brazil, or of any of the said Territories or Po Hellions, may be imported into Great Britain in Manner before BriuOVn).je<5U mentioned, upon Payment of such Duties of Coltorns and Excise as S niff being the Production or Manufacture <ro, n |'r, lrtl ci Europe, imported from Europe, is or hereafter may be subject to, and may be warehoused and again exported without the Payment of any Duty on the Exportation thereof, except the Duties imposed by an Act, passed t(, ^ie lmC in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to His Maffly until the End of the next Session of ])u1y^if Parliament] Duties of Customs on the Goods, IVares, and Merchandise thei cm enumerated, in furtherance of the i m port nl from Provisons of certain Orders in Council, such Tobacco and Snuff to be iubj. cl respectively nevertheless to all and Europe, JCc. Angular the Regulations, Rcttnftions, Penalties and Forfeitures relating to th.e Importation and Exportation a, hl may be t'leteof, or in any other Resp ct relating thereto, of an Act, made and passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of 1 Ijs-present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for u, V)u(w»s umkr granting new Duties in lieu therenj; and of another Act, passed in the Thirtieth^ear of His p re lent Majesty's G. n. c. 26.. Krgn, intituled, an Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Se/Jion oj Parliament, intituled, 'An Act and under the ' for repealing the Duties cn 1 ohacco and S nrjf, and for granting ne-v Duties in lieu thereofor of any other Act fmee made relating thereto: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained, shall extend or be construed to extend to repeal or anywise alter the Duties of Package, Scnvage, Ralliage or Portage, or any other Duties payable to the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, or to the Lord Mayor of the said City for the Time being, or to any other City or Town Corporate within the Kingdom of Great Britain, or to repeal or any wife alter any Special Privilege or Exemption to which any Person or Persons,

Bodies Politick, or Corporate, is or are now entitled by Law.

M Duties shall be levied and applied as other Duties of Customs and Excise. §

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Good's, Wares, or Merchandize so imported from Brazil, PrawWks on or any other Territories or Possessions of the Crown of Portugal in South America, shall upon the Exportation Exjion.ition of thereof from Great Britain be entitled to the fame Drawbacks as are allowed by Law upon the Exportation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize of the like Denomination and Description, when exported from Great Britain; and that there shall be allowed and paid the fame Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize exported from Great Britain to Brazil, or any other of the Territories or Puflcflions of the Crown of Portugal in South ylmerica, or any of them, as are allowed by Law upon the Exportation of Goods, Wares*.

or Merchandize of the like Denomination or Description, to any of the Islands, Plantations, or Colonies belonging to the Cgwn of Great Britain, in America.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend or be construed to Goods Audi not extend to exempt any Goods, Wares, and Merchandize of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Brazil, be exempted or of any of the Territories or Dominions of Portugal on the Continent of America, from the Payment of any j'*: n 'he Duty of the Duties imposed by an Act of the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to 4^,

Hr^ulatious of 20 (». 3. c. 68. ar. l UO (i. 3.

C. 10.

(hk><; so im-and oil liritish (brfds to the JLbahU#

493

43 G. 3. c. 132.

Vommissioners of CulUnns nuiy (iircft Articles from the Brazils t< In- ft cured TV» Wilp'houiP* ot' the West India Dock*; nr Enidon Di.rk.s, Its tinder.

4-> G. a. r. JO-2, Schedule (A.)

After 1 .Tune 3 S00, Annual Bounty of; Jl. per To» not exceeding loo) mXJutiers 'or Hirers of certain RufTt-s employed in the TVe|» Sea Britishi \V lute Herring Fiftu*ry.

Wt.it Vt-PTc Is shall bt tlcenu d employed in the 7)icp Sea Fdhery.

Botinf v of 2s. per Barrr] on Wlufe Herrings IanuV.1 and nurd. (Act § M'.y \C.)

13 G. 1. c. 26. §18. and c. 30. §2. for appointing Tivrntt oi»e Truflrrs of I.men and Hemp Manufactures in £coiLaj*i.

C. 109, no. 48° GEORGII III. A.D. 1808.

His Majesty until the End of the next Session of Parliament, Duties of Customs on the Goods, Wares, and Mer-chandixe therein enumerated, in furtherance of th' Proviji'. tis of certain Orders in Council,

VI. ' And whereas by an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reig 1 of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for permitting certain Goods ire ported into Great Britain, to he secured in Warehouses without Payment of 4 Du*y; it is enacted, That certain Articles enumerated in the Table marked (A.) annexed to the said Act, may be secured in Warehouses belonging to the West India Dock Company without Payment of Duty: And whereas it is expedient to extend the said Indulgence, and to allow such Articles being the Growth and Produce of Braxil, or any other Territories or Possessions of the Crown of Portugal in South America, and ' imported directly from thence, to be secured in Warehouses belonging either to the London Dock Company or to the West India Dock Company; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England, or any Three or more of them, to direct any of the Articles enumerated or described in the Table marked (A.) annexed to the said recited Act, being of the Growth or Produce of Braxil, or any other Territories or Possessions of the Crown of Portugal in South America, and imported directly from thence, to be secured either in the Warehouses belonging to the West India Dock Company, or in the Warehouses belonging to the London Dock Company, without the Duties due on the Importation thereof being Pi rib paid, on Application being made for that Purpose to the said Commissioners, by the Owners, Proprietors, or Consignees of any such Good ', any Thing in the said recited Act, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that all such Goods so secured in any of the Warehouses belonging to either of the said Dock Companies, shall have the fame Benefits and shall be subject and liable to the fume Rules, Regulations, Conditions, Securities, and Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures, as the like Goods if secured in the Warehouses belonging to the IVrJl India Dock Company would have been, or would be subject and liable to, by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force at the Time of passing this Act.

CAP. CX.

An A<fl for the further Encouragement and better Regulation of the British White Herring Fishery, until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

[25th June 1808.]

WHEREAS the Improvement of the British White Herring Fisherics is an Object of most essential

Importance to the Wealth and commercial Prosperity, as well as to the Naval Strength of this Kingdom, for the Attainment of which it is expedient, that more effectual Regulations should be made, in ' order to the insuring a due and proper Attention to the curing, foiting, and packing of White Herrings,

that the Credit of lbe'British Fisheries in our Colonies and in Foreign Parts may be maintained; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fird Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, a Bounty of Three Pounds per Ton shall be paid annually in the Manner herein after prescribed, to the Owner or Owners of any whole decked Buss or Vessel of not less than Sixty Tons Burthen, being British-built, owned in Great Britain, and manned, navigated, and registered according to Law, which shall be fitted out for and be artually employed in the Deep Sea British White Herring Fishery on the Coasts of Great Britain or Ireland, in the Manner and under the Regulations prescribed by this Art; provided, .that such Bounty shall not, in respect of any Buss or Vessel, be computed or paid on any greater Number of Tons than One hundred, although such Buss or Vessel shall be of greater 'Burthen: Provided always, that if any Buss or Vessel properly fitted for the Deep Sea White Herring Fishery in the Manner required by this Art, shall be hired for carrying on the said Fishery, the Person or Persons hiring the same shall be entitled to the Bounty on the Tonnage thereof, in the same Manner as if such Person or Persons was or were Owner or Owners of inch Buss or Vessel.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Vessel shall be deemed or considered to be employed in the Deep Sea Herring Fishery, unless the Nets shall be attached to the Vessel while they are set, and shall be foot dirrrtly from and hauled into the fame without the Intervention or Use of a small Boat for that Service, the Vessel not being at Anchor while the Crew are (hooting the Nets, nor during the Time they are set, nor while the Crew are hauling or taking them in, nor ur.Iefs the Herrings caught or taken in the Manner aforesaid, shall receive their Firit Cure on board such Vessels in Barrels and not in Bulk.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, there shall be paid for every Barrel containing Thirty-two Gallons of White Herrings, caught in the British Fisherics and lauded in Great Britain, and which shall be cured and packed according to the Directions of this Art, a Bounty of Two Shillings.

IV. 4 And whereas by Two several Arts passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Firit, it was amongst other Things provided, that it should be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal, appointed by the Treaty of Union to be kept in Scotland in place of the Great Seal thereof, to nominate and appoint any Number of Persons re fid cut in Scotland, not exceeding the Number of Twenty-one, to be Trustees for overieeing, directing, and better improving the Linen and Hempen Manufactures within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, with Power to the said Trustees, or any Number of them, by the said Letters Patent to be determined, to aflVmbleat such Place or Places, and to make such Rules and Orders for the Improvement of the said Manufact uras, and for preventing Abuses therein, as they shall think expedient, confident with the true Intent and Meaning ol that Art, and with the Laws and Statutesof the Realm; and also to appoint the fame Number of Person* to be Trustees and Commissioners for managing and directing the Application of the Sums in the Iall-

Bvcntioned of the said Arts, according to the Plan and Method that should bj^settled antLeflablished as therein

7 r\r\C\\o 4 mentioned,

499

mentioned, and for executing the several Powers and Authorities which by the said Letters Patent shall tft them be committed by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors: And whereas it is expedient that the Number of Trustees or Commissioners by the said Acts so limited, Should, for the Purposes of this Act, be increased: be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal, appointed by the Treaty of Union to be kept in Scotland in place of the Great Seal thereof, to increase the Number of the said Trustees to Twenty-eight.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal, appointed by the Treaty of Union to be kept in Scotland in place of the Great Seal thereof, to nominate and appoint any Number of such Trustees or Commissioners as aforesaid, not exceeding Seven, to be Commissioners specially for overseeing, directing, and better improving the White Herring Fishery, with Power to them or any Number of them by the said Letters Patent to be determined, to execute or cause to be executed the Provisions of this Act in the Manner herein mentioned, and for that Purpose to appoint a Secretary, and such Clerks and other Officers under them (the Number of such Clerks and other Officers being first approved of by the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury or any Three of them) as they the said Commissioners to be appointed for the Herring Fishery shall think lit; and also that it shall be lawful for the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, to direct such Salaries or Allowances, and all such other Expences as shall be incurred in the Execution of this Act, to be paid to such Secretary, Clerks, and other Officers, as the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury shall approve of; provided always, that no Person shall act as a Commissioner under the Authority of this Act, who shall be concerned directly or indirectly in the White Herring Fishery.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for the Herring Fishery, to be appointed by virtue of this Act, before they proceed in the Execution of the Powers and Authorities vested in them by this Act (favc only the Power of administering the Oath herein after mentioned) shall severally take and subscribe the following Oath; that is to say,

I A.B. do swear, That I wrill faithfully and honestly, according to the bed of my Skill and Judgment* 1 1 execute the several Powers and Trulls reposed in me, by an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act [here insert the Title of this Acf\ according to the Terms and Purport of the said Act; and that I am not, directly or indirectly, concerned as an Adven-

turerin the White Herring Fishery orasa Curerof Herrings, nor will I, so long as I shall continue to act as t a Commissioner under the fad Act, be concerned, either directly or indirectly, as an Adventurer in the said«Fishery or as a Curer of Herrings. 4 So help me GOD. 1

Which Oath any One of the said Commissioners may administer to the other or others of them.

Number of said Trutters may be increase.i to

Twe ul\-eight.

His Majesty rt'Ay appoint Seven of the said Trustees to be Commissioner* foe the White Hurling Fishery

Oa'hof such Co.rmv.Uioner*

for the Ilerr.tig

Flihery.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for the Herring Fishery, appointed by virtue SaVGrni-of this Act shall, and they are hereby required to deliver in annually, on the First Day of June in every Year, to the Board of Trustees or Commissioners for Fisheries and Manufactures in Scotland, appointed in pursuance i^p^Totlie of the above recited Acts, a full and accurate Report of their Proceedings for the Year preceding, and shall c; en, .ri| i; ()ard also cause to be laid before each House of Parliament, within Fourteen Days after the Commencement ol every of Trull s and Session, a Copy of the said Report, signed by the said Commissioners of the Herring F'llhcry. loPailimnent.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to Admiralty shall

appoint a Commissioned Officer in His Majesty's Navy as Superintendant of the Fishery described in this Act as aP!; °!nt ^ava* the Deep Sea Fishery, for the Purpose of causing the same to be carried on according to the Regulations of aidant

this Act, and also as well for preserving Order among the Persons employed therein, as for protesting them and of ^thefoWl lXrp their VefieIs against Enemies, which Person so to be appointed Superintendant, shall annually proceed in a SeaBriofh proper Vessel or Vessels of sufficient Force, to be provided for that Purpose, to Brafy Sound in Shetland " bite Herring (which is hereby appointed to be the Place of Rendezvous of the said Deep Sea British White Herring Fiftierv) Hflicry.

so as to arrive there before the Fifteenth Day of June, and the said Superintendant shall remain with the VefleU which shall be employed in the Fishery during the Continuance thereof for the Season; and shall, as often as he shall be required transmit to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty and to the Commissioners for the Fishery, a List of the Busies or Vessels employed in the said Fishery, together with the Number and Ages of the Men employed on beard thereof, distinguishing the Capacities in which they respectively aft.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Officer who shall be appointed Superintendant as aforesaid, shall Oath of

take and subscribe the Oath following, which Oath any One of the Commissioners for the Fishery, or any Superiiiteouiint* JlHice of the Peace, shall be authorized to administer:

I A.B. do solemnly swear, That I am not, directly or indirectly, concerned as an Adventurer in the Wh'?e 1 Herring Fishery or in any other Fishery, or as a Curer of Fish; and that I will not be concerned therein,

either directly or indirectly, during the Time I shall act as Superintendant of the White Herring Fishery.

So help me GOD.*

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, to appoint Persons at the respective Places on the Coast of Great Britain, where Herrings are caught or cured, and at the Ports or Places where Vessels are usually fitted out for the firitijl Herring Fishery, and where Vessels employed in the said Fishery usually discharge their Cargoes, and also at the Ports of Exportation, to overlook the Curing of all Herrings caught, to take an Account of and clear out all Salt, Nets, Barrels, and other Stores shipped or put on board any Buss, Vessel, or Boat for the said Fishery, and to inspect and take Account of all Herrings landed or exported, and to certify whether toe Fish are properly pined, cured, and packed, so as to be entitled to the Bounty of Two Shillings per Ban 1

hereby.

Tit a fun*

a[ p u.i Oihcert-

01 die Kilhery.:

«lio ', W; 1 viiiey Orders ot die

Cominilfu'n*r*yf die Fiihay.

le

5©o

Oath of Officers of the Kithnry and Secretary* Officers and Clerks.

No Nrt shall be

tifed having a Mcfti ol lei* than One Inch.

Penalty 40l., &c.

How Bulks shall be fitted out to entitle them to claim the Bounty u Tonnage.

T)cfcnptlon of the Voyage to be made by BnHcs sto obtain the find Tonnage Jiouuty.

licffuhitunis'for fitting and i fi-ur-hng out Jiuller. at the Port of Out-

C. no. 48° GEORGII III. A.D. 1808.

hereby granted, or fit to be exported; pvovided always, that no Person shall be appointed an Officer for the

Performance of any of those Duties unless such Person shall have exercised the Trade of a Cooper, and been employed in the curing and packing of Herrings, and shall be fkilfyl therein, and fully qualified to execute the Duties which will be required of him under the Provisions of this Act, Certificates of which Qualification* shall be transmitted to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, by such Persons and in such Manner as shall be satisLcIory to the said Lords Commissioners; and every such Officer, so tope appointed, shall obey such Inffruttions, Orders, or Directions as he shall from Time to Time receive from the said Coirpniflioners for the Pierring Fishery, to be appointed by virtue of this Act, iigniiied under their Hands or under the Hand of their Secretary.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary, and every Clerk or Officer of the Fisheryto be appointed by virtue of this Act, shall be liable to be suspended or dismissed from his Office or Employment respectively, by the said Commissioners for the Herring Fishery, eitlicr for Incompetency or for Neglect of Duty; provided always, that every such Officer of the Fishery, and the Secretary, and every Officer and Clerk under the Commissioners for the Herring Fishery, appointed by virtue of this Act, shall, previous to his entering upon the Duties of his Office, take and subscribe the following Oath:

I A.B. do swear, That I will faithfully and honestly, according to the best of my Skill and Judgment, execute the Office and Trull committed to me, of [ the Name of the Office to be here mentioned'] and that*I am not, directly or indirectly, concerned as an Adventurer in the White Herring Fishery, or in any other Fishery, or as a Curer of Fill), nor will I, so long as I shall continue to act as [//; c Name of the Office to be here mentioned] be concerned, either directly or indirectly, as an Adventurer in the said Fishery or as a Curer of Fish.

'So help me GOD.

Which Oath any One of the said Commissioners for the Herring Fishery may administerto such Officer.

XII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Full Day of June One thousand eight hundred a d ni: .e, no Person shall life in any River or Lock or at Sea, in or on the Court of Great Britain, any Pierring Net, or any TrauL Net, Drag Net or other Sea Net for the taking of Herrings, which hath a Melh of left than One Inch from Knot to Knot, or any false or double Bottom Cod or Pouch, or shall put any Net, though of legal Size, behind the othqrs to dellroy the small Fill), and that every lYrfon offending herein shall forfeit every such Net as aforesaid, and the Sum of Forty Pounds for every such Offence; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Herring Fishery, to be appointed pursuant to this Act, to cause every such Net to be burnt.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Buss or Vessel shall be deemed to be properly fitted out for, and to be duly employed in the Brilfh Deep Sea White Herring Fishery, so as to entitle the Owner or Owners to any Bounty on the Tonnage thereof by virtue of this Act, unless such Buss or Vessel shall have on board (put up in new Barrels) Sixteen Bushels of Salt at the leafs for every Lart of Herrings which such Buss or Vo del shall be capable of containing, and also as many more new Barrels as such Buss or Vessel is capable of earn ing; nor unless such BuL or Vessel shall have on board Three hundred Square Yards of Netting at the least for every Ton of her Admeasurement, together with the customary Quantity of other Materials, for the Equipment and mounting of the Quantity of Netting hereby required to be provided; nor unless such Buss or Vessel shall he manned with the Number of Men following at the leafs: that is to say, with Ten Men if such Buss or Vessel shall not exceed the Burthen of Sixty Tons; if (he shall exceed the Burthen of Sixty Tons, and shall be under the Burthen of Seventy Tons, with Eleven Men; and if such Buss or Vessel shall be of the Burthen of Seventy Tons or upwards, then with One Man more lor every Ten Tons by which such Buis or Vessel shall exceed Seventy Tons, Two of which Number respectively may be foreign Seamen experienced in the Deep Sea Herring Fishery, any Tiling in any Law to the contrary notwithstanding; provided always, that no Buss or Vessel which shall exceed the Burthen of One hundred Tons, shall he required to have on board any greater Quantity of Salt, or of Netting or Materials for the mounting thereof, or any greater Number of Men, than a Vessel of the Burthen of One hundred Tons is hereby required to have on board, or any greater Number than Five hundred Barrels; provided also, that it shall not be deemed necessary for any Buss or Vessel to have on board the full Number of Men hereby required, until her Arrival at the Rendezvous of the said Deep Se* Fishery.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in order to entitle the Owner of every Buss or Vessel who shall claim any Bounty on the Tonnage thereof, to receive the same by virtue of tin's Act, such Buss or Vessel shall be cleaved out from the Port in Great Britain where such Buis or Vessel was bond side fitted for her intended Voyage, and shall proceed d ire til y to Braffiv Sound in Shei land, where (he shall arrive on or before the Twenty-second Day of June m each Year, and ttie Crew shall not (hoot or wet the Nets before the Twenty-fourth Day of the Cune Month, from which Day they shall continue to iilh in Manner herein described on the Courts of Great liritain or Ireland, until the Fifteenth Day of September following, uniris before the lull-mentioned Day the Quantity of Herrings taken in the said Bills or Vessel, and cured and packed on board thereof, shall amount to Four Barrels of Herrings not repacked, or in the State in which they are called Sea Sticks, for every Ton not exceeding One hundred Tons of the Admeasurement of such Buss or Vessel; and that no Fish other than Herrings shall be taken or cured by the Crew of such Buss or Vessel, nor shall any Fish not taken by the Crew thereof be received on board the fame, during the whole Course of the V yage, save only for the Suflenar.ee of the Crew; and that all the Herrings which shall be taken by the Crew of such Buss or Vessel, and cured and packed on board thereof, shall be landed in Great Britain.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Owner or Owners or any One of them, or the Agent of the Owner or Owners of any Buss or Vessel who shall intend to fit out the fame for the l)e*'p Sea Id', jh White Herring Fishery, and in respect thereof to claim any Bounty on the Tonnage thereof by virtue of this A<ff, shall give Notice thereof in Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, to the Officer of the Fishery appointed in that

Bchait'

48° GEORGII III.

C. no.

501

Behalf, at or for the Port or Place where such Buss or Vessel shall be intended to be fitted out, and shall in such fit to obtain the Notice specify the Name of such Buss or Vessel, the Port to which she belongs, whether file was actually built Nmna^c in the Br'itjb Dominions, or was taken and condemned as lawful Prize; the Name or Names of the Owner or uulP Owners and of the Mafier thereof respectively, the Tonnage thereof according to the Register, and the Date of the Regiilry of such Vessel; and shall also therein declare, that the said Buss or Vessel is fufiieient and in every Respect tit and proper for such Voyage and Fishing as aforesaid; and shall specify also the Quantity of Salt* the whole Number of Barrels, distinguishing those which are filled with Salt from those which are empty; the Quantity of Netting with Materials ior mounting the lame, and the Quantities and Sorts of Provisions for the Crew during the Voyage, which shall be intended to be shipped or put on board such Bills or Vessel; and the Officer to whom such Notice shall be given, or such other Officer as shall be thereunto duly appointed, shall go on board such Buss or Vessel, and view the Condition thereof, and shall examine the Register to ascertain the Accuracy of the Statement of her Tonnage, and also shall examine and take Account of the Quantity of Salt, and of the several and respective Sorts of Stores and-Provisions dated to be intended to be put on board such Buss or Vessel in such Notice, and shall fee the fame shipped or put on board accordingly; and if it shall appear to him that such Buss or Vessel is fufiieient, and in every Respect fit and proper for inch a Voyage, and is dored, victualled, and fitted out in Terms of such Notice, and according to the Regulations of this Act, the said Officer shall certify the fame on the Back of the Notice, and One or moVeof the Owners or their Agent, and the Mafier of such Buts Owner or or Vessel, shall reipcStively make Oath before an Officer of the Fishery, that it is truly his detefmined Purpose that an<l Mailer, such Buss or Vessel as then furnished and provided, shall forthwith, after Licence shall be granted, proceed to Brajfcy ^4aJ1 nukcOaih, Sound in Shetland, and be there on or before the Twenty-second Day of June, having on board not less than such a Number of Men (to be mentioned in the Oath) as such Buss or Vessel is hereby required to have on board, and shall not fiioot or wether Nets before the Twenty-fourth Day of the fame Month of June, and shall ffih for Herrings in the Deep Sea Fishery in Manner following; that is to say, the Crew shall shoot and haul the Nets directly from ind into the said Buss or Vessel, without the Intervention or Ufcof a small Boat, the Nets being attached to the Vessel while they are let, the Vessel not being at Anchor when t lie Crew are (hooting the Nets, during the Time the Nets are set, nor while the Crew arc hauling or taking them in; and shall cure all the Herrings taken or caught in the said Nets in Barrels and not in Bulk on board such Buss or Vessel, and that the Crew of the said Buis or Vessel shall so continue fishing in the Deep Sea BrUish White Herring Fishery, upon the Coasts of Great Britain or Ireland, in an orderly and regular Manner, and without impeding or obllrinffing the Crew of any other Vessel which shall be employed in the said Fishery, from the said Twenty-fourth Day of June until the Fifteenth Day of September in every Year, unless before the last-mentioned Day the Herrings taken or caught and cured in Manner aforesaid by the Crew of the said Buss or Vessel, shall amount to or exceed the Proportion of Four Barrels of Herrings not re-packed, or in the State in which they arc commonly called Sea Sticks, and that no Fifii other than Flerrings shall be taken or cured by the Crew of such Buss or Vessel, nor any Fish not caught or taken by the Crew thereof received on board the fame, during the whole Course of the Voyage, save only for the Sufienance of the Crew during the Voyage, and that all the Herrings which shall be taken by the Crew of such Buss or Vessel, and cured and packed on board thereof, shall be landed in Great Britain, which Oaths, subscribed by the respective Parties making the same, and also the said Notice, with such Certificate indorsed thereon as aforesaid, shall be transmitted by the said Officer to the Commissioners to be appointed pursuant to this A<R, and the Mafier of the said Buss or Vessel; and the Owner or One of the and give BontL. Owners, or the Agent of the Owners, shall with One or more fufiieient Surety or Sureties, enter into Bond to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in a Sum equal to Treble the Amount of the Bounty computed on the Tonnage of such Buss or Vessel (which Bond any Officer of the Fishery is hereby authorized and required to take, and which shall be exempt from the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Paper and Parchment) for the faithful dealing of the Mafier and Crew of such Buss or Vessel in respect of such Voyage and Fishing; ail which Requisites having been duly performed, the proper Officer of the Fishery, by Instrument in Writing under his Hand (setting forth the Particulars, which shall appear by the Notice and Certificate indorsed thereon ms herein mentioned, and also that Bond has been given according to the Direction of this Aci) shall give to the Mailer of such Buss or Vessel license to proceed on his Voyage to the Rendezvous of the said Deep Sea Britishi White Herring Fishery.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That upon the Arrival of such Buss or Vessel at Brajf y Sound, the Rendezvous hereinbefore provided for the said Deep Sea Fishery, the Mafier thereof shall enter such Buss or Vessel with the Superintendant of the said Fishery, and shall produce to him his Licence, and also (if required) the Register or Certificate of Regillry of the said Buss or Vessel, and shall deliver to him a Statement in Writing on what Day the said Buss or Vessel failed from the Port where (lie cleared out, and what Quantities of Salt,

Barrels, Nets, with Materials for mounting the lame, and of Provisions respectively, shall be then on board such Buss or Vessel, and to what Port in Great Britain he intends to return for the Discharge of the said Bulg or Vessel; and the said Superintendant shall then go on board inch Buss or Vessel, and as far as Circumstances will permit, shall inform himself whether the said Stores and Provisions are actually on board thereof, and Hull multer and take an Account in Writing of the Number, Names, and Descriptions of the Crew thereof, which shall be entered at the Foot or on the Back of the Licence; and if he shall be latislied that such Buss or Yelk- is completely llored, and has on board the Number of Men required by this Art, he shall, by a Certificate under his Hand, declare the said Buss or Vessel to be entitled to commence the said Dee]) Sea White Herring Fishery for the Tonnage Bounty.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Herrings taken, cured, and packed on each Day by the Crew Herrin* taken, of such Buss or Vessel, shall be difiinguiliicd from all other Herrings by a Mark or Marks, Character or curium! Chara&ers, to be set on the Barrel or Barrels in which the same shall be packed, of such Description and in such

Manner as shall be prescribed by any Regulation to be made by the Commissioners for the Fishery by virtue of this

Licence fiv rc-ujxni for the \'(»v; utc !.y Orivi r of the Fishery.

ufa'iorts for exanumig

HuiTcg ai die Rendezvous of tin Dtvp Se*

1 illicrv.

4S Geo. III.

JBanvL, &.».

C. no.

48° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1808.

Powers arid Duties of the Su|K- inteudant of 1 he Deep Sea Fishery.

Hemntrs may he trans-thij>jx*<i out of a Buss at t>\e Deep Sea Fishery into another Ytfiel, previously to the 16th Day of July, and tarried into Port.

Bnfs not a'rivma: it the Reieu-z v t>s.r not heyinmrrjj to fish at the Time prvhohetl, &. c. rony obtain the Tonnage Bounty on n Main

Couthiiuns.

AH, and shall denote on what Day such Herrings were so taken, cured, and packed, and whether the fame were cured and packed gutted, or were cured and packed ungutted, and Herrings gutted after the Day when the fame were taken shall be packed separately from oth^r gutted Herrings, and shall be distinguished by a Mark or Character to be set as aforesaid, which Marks or Characters shall not be at any Time effaced or

altered.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Superintendent of the Fishery, or any Person or Persons acting by his Orders, at all Times whenever he shall think fit, either at Sea, during the Continuance of the Fishery, or after the Return from the Fishery, to go on board any of the Vessels employed in the Fishery under his Superintendance, to inspeH the Licence and Certificate of Regiilrv of such Vessel, and the Journal kept by the Mailer, pursuant to the Directions of this Act (all which the Mailer of ever}" such Buss or Vessel, on being thereunto required, shall forthwith produce and deliver to the said Superintendant for his InipeHion and Examination, and the said Superintendant is hereby empowered to detain any such Buss or Vessel till all or any of the said Documents demanded by him shall be so produced or delivered to him) and to ascertain whether the Number of Men hereby required to be on board the said Buss or Vessd be actually employed therein during the Fishing, and until they be discharged according to the Directions of this Act, and to insped the Manner in which the Herrings are taken, cured, and packed, and whether the Mailer and other Persons on board the same are in all Respeds carrying on and prosecuting the said Fishery in the Manner hereby required; and if any Person or Persons shall impede or obstruH, or attempt to impede or obllrud, any other Person or Persons in the lawful Prosecution of the said Fishery, the said Superintendant shall require such Person or Persons so impeding or obflruding, or attempting to impede or obllrud any other Person or Persons, to delilt from so doing; and if such Person or Persons so required todciift, shall disregard such Requisition, it shall be lawful for the said Superintendant to employ such Force as shall be necessary to compel him or them to preserve Order; and if it shall appear to the said Superintendant that the Number of Men hereby required to be on board each Buss or Vessel, were not onboard thereof at any Time when they ought to have been, according to the Regulations of this Act, or that the Master or any Part of the Crew are or were not in all Respeds carrying on and prosecuting the Fishery in the Manner hereby required, or had impeded or obflruded, or attempted to impede or obllrud, any other Person or Persons in the lawful Prosecution of the said Fishery, the said Super-intendant shall report the fame fully and particularly to the Commissioners for the Herring Fishery to be appointed by virtue of this Act, and shall deliver one Copy of such Report under his Hand, to the Mailer of such Buss or Ve(H and shall transmit another .Copy to the said Commissioners by the first Opportunity; and if any Person or Persons shall refill or obstruH such Superintendant, or any Person or Persons acting under him in the Execution of any of the Powers to him or them given by this Act, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Mailer of any Buss or Vessel licensed and cleared out for the said Deep Sea Fishery, at any Time during the Continuance of the Fishing as limited by this Act, to tranship into any other Vessel not being licensed for the said Fishery pursuant to the Directions of tins Ad, any Quantity of Herrings which shall have been taken by the Crew of such Buss or Vessel, and by them cured and packed in Barrels on board the fame, and the said Herrings so transhipped shall be conveyed to and landed at the Port in Great Britain where such Buss or Vessel shall be intended to be cleared inwards, and shall be deemed and taken to be Part of the Cargo of such Buf3 or Vessel; provided that the Master of the Vessel in which such Herrings shall be carried into Port, shall bring with the said Herrings a Copy of the Licence of the Buss or Vessel out of which the said Herrings were received, with a Declaration under the Hand of the Mailer thereof (indorsed on such Copy) setting forth the Number of Barrels of Herrings so tran/hipped out of such Buis or Vessel, into such other Vessel as aforesaid, that the fame were taken and cured as aforesaid, specifying the Date of the taking, curing, and packing of the Heriings contained in each Barrel, and whether the fame were cured and packed gutted, or were cured and packed ungutted, and distinguishing each Barrel by the Marks or Characters (to be specified in such Declaration) which shall be set on the Barrels in which the said Hutu gs shall be packed respectively, as also the Name of the Vessel on board of which the same shall be tr.ii.lhij ped, the Name of the Master thereof, and the Name of the Port for which the fame were so put on board, which Declaration shall he produced to the Officer of the Fishery at such Port, before any of the said Herrings stra.l be un shipped or laid cn Land; and the Mailer of such Vessel shall make Oath at the Foot of the said Declaration, before the said Officer, that the Herrings on board the said Vessel are the very fame which were transhipped out of such Buis or Vessel, as mentioned in the said Declaration; and such Officer shall attend the la .ding thereof, and take account of the Herrings landed out of the said Vessel, together with the Marks on the Bat rels containing the lame.

XIX. And be it enacted, That if any Buss or Vessel shall not arrive at the Rendezvous of the said Deep Sea Fffhtry till after the Twenty-second Day of June, and shall not begin to fjfti till after the Twenty-fourth Day of the lame Month in any Year, and it shall be made appear to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners for the Her Depart

any such Buss or Vessel which shall have been licensed for the said Deep Sea Fishery, and for which a Certificate shall have been obtained at the Place of Rendezvous to entitle the Crew to commence the Fishery, shall at any Time f efore the Fifteenth Day of September in the same Year, be compelled to uilcontinue fishing by St refs of WYaiinr, Loss of Nets or Stores, or other unavoidable Cause, before the Quantity of Herrings shall have been taken and cured as required by th; s Act, ai d to conic into any Port, Harbour, or Anchorage on the Coall of Great Britain or Ireland, the Owner oi Inch Buss or Vessel shall not (or such Cause be precluded from receiving the 'Tonnage Bounty; provided the Master thereof, in the Case lull-mentioned, shall give immediate Notice of such his Arrival, and of the Dill refs or Neeefiity which forced him to take Shelter in inch Port, Harbour, or Anchorage, and shall make Proof thereof by the Oaths oi himseli acd his Mate before any Officer of the

Fishery

lerring Fishery appointed by virtue of this Act, that such Bills or Vessel did really and bond Jitie take her rtum lor the* laid Rendezvous Five Days at the kail before the said Twenty-second Day of June; or if

A.D. 1808. 48° GEORGII III. C.no. 503

Fishery at such Port or Place, which Oaths such Officer is hereby authorized to administer; and if there shall not be* any Officer of the Fishery at the Pu, t or Place, the Oaths shall then be administered by any Julliee of the Peace, and the same shall be written at the Foot or on the Back of the Licence, and shall be subscribed by the Parties making; the fame: Provided alto, that the Mailer of such Buis or Vessel shall use his utmost Endeavours to refit the said Buss or Vessel, and to take on board the Supplies, and the Number of Men necessary to enable hirn to continue his fining Yt>yage (as the Case may require), and shall accordingly return to and continue the Fishing in Manner hv< in directed, and shall in either of the Cases above-mentioned continue to iifh in Maimer a fore said, after the l71 ft oath Day of September, until the Expiration of inch a Space of Time as, when raided to the Time during* which such Buss or Vessel shall have fiihcd before that Day, shall be equal to the Period which extends from the Twenty-fourth Day of June to the Fifteenth Day of September next ensuing, nn'cis the Crew thereof shall have taken, cured, and packed before the Expiration ot that Time, such Quantity of Herrings as is hereinbefore mentioned; any Thing herein contained to the contrary not-wwithstanding.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Bounty granted by this Act shall not he allowed or paid in Tefpedl of any Buss or Vessel which shall not have had on board the Number of Men hereinbefore required, from the Time when the Crew thereof fnali have been muilered at the Rendezvous by the Superictendant as aforesaid, duri.ig; the whole Continuance of the Fishing, and until the said Buss or Vessel completed her Fishing in Manner prdcribed by this Act, and until flic shall icturn to a Port in Great Britain, and the Crew shall be there muilered by the proper Officer of the Fishery at such Port, before whom the Mailer and Mate shall make their Oaths that the Number of Ivlen required by this Act were on board such Buss or Vessel during the whole of the Time aforesaid, 11 niffs any Diminution of the said Number of Men shall have been occailnued by Death, Sickness, or actual Defection; and in the Event of any such Diminution of the Crew, that the Mailer used his utmost Endeavours to keep up and have on board the full Number of Men by this Act required, from the Day when the Crew were muilered at the Rendezvous, until the Day when the Crew shall have been again muilered on the Return of the Buss or Vessel into a Port of Great Britain, which Oaths such Officer is hereby authorized and required to administer, and the same shall be written at the Foot or on the Back of the Licence, and subscribed by the Parties making the same; and the said Officer shall there also certify the Number, Names, and Description of the Men who were on board the said Buss or Vessel, upon the Muller made by him as herein directed.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the Mailer of every Buss or Vessel in respect whereof the Tonnage Bounty shall be claimed by virtue of this Act, shall keep a Journal, in which all Transactions and Occurrences shall be inserted every Day during the whole Course of the Voyage, from the Time of beginning to put on board the Vessel her Stores or Provisions, to the Time of her returning into a Port in Great Britain for the Discharge of her Cargo, specifying the Quantity of Stores and Provisions of each Sort put on board before the Departure of the Vessel from the Port where she was fitted out, the Time of her Arrival at the Rendezvous, and there being permitted to commence Fishing, the Number of Men taken on board, at what Place or Places respectively, the Winds and Weather, the Station of the Vessel each Day at Noon, and the Places, if any, where flie put in, and the Causes thereof, the Number of Barrels of Herrings taken, and the Number thereof cured and packed every Day, distinguishing Herrings cured and packed gutted, from Herrings cured and packed ungutted, and Herrings gutted on the Day when they were taken from Herrings gutted afterwards, specifying also the Mark or Marks set on each Barrel of Herrings so taken, cured, and packed respectively, pursuant to the Directions of this Act; also the Number of Barrels of Herrings (if any) with the respective Marks thereon, transhipped into any other Vessel for the Purpose of being carried into Port, with the Name of such Vessel, the Name of the Mailer thereof, and the Port to which flie was bound; the Death, Disability, or Desertion of any of the Crew, and the Endeavours used to supply the Places of such Persons.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That upon the Return of any such Buss or Vessel to any Port of Great Britain, where the Cargo thereof is intended to be landed, the proper Officer of the Fishery shall immediately go on board and view the Condition of the Vessel and of her Lading, and the Mailer shall forthwith deliver up to such Officer his Licence, with the several Certificates and the Oaths required to be taken, written at the Foot or on the Back thereof, and also his Journal signed by himself, and shall verify upon Oath before such Officer the Truth of the said Journal so delivered up, and shall also make Oath before said Officer in the following Terms; that is to say,

do swear, That T am Mailer of the Buss or Vessel the,

of arrived at this Port from the Deep Sea White Herring Fishery, that the said

Buis or Veflll was certified by the Superintendant to be entitled to commence the Fishery at the Rendezvous,

on the Day of in consequence whereof I proceeded in Prosecution of the said Fishery for Herrings, from the Day of to the

Day of [here mentioning the Day of beginning and the Day of finally ccafing to fish,

and in case the Fishing was interrupted add] except a Part of the Time, to wit, from the Day of to the Day of during which Period

the said Fishery was interrupted by Stress of Weather [or as the Case may bej by the Death, Sickness, or Desertion of«[here mentioning the Number] of the Crew of the said Buis or Vessel, or by the Loss of Square Yards of Netting, or of other Stores f specifying the Sort and Quantity ]

and that the Crew of the said Buss or Vessel fiflied in an orderly and regular Manner, and did not nor did any

of them impede or molest any other Person or Persons employed in the lawful Prosecution of the said Fishery; 4 that all the Herrings caught or taken by the Crew of the said Buss or Veil'd were cured in Barrels on board the said Buss or Vessel, and no Part of them was cured in Bulk; that no Fish other than Herrings were taken by the Crew of the said Bufg or Vessel, and that no Fish not taken by the Crew thereof, were, during the

3 T 2«Csuxll

yjOUV I

The Tonnage

Bounty not so he paid on any Buis which ihvU not have on hoard the full Number of Men except in case of Death, &c.

The Mailer of every Buss employed in the T)i epSra Fishery, for the Tonnage Bounty, shall keep a Journal*

Regulations and Oaili of Mallef on Return of Bufles from the Deep Sea Herring Fishery, into a Port in Great Britain for Discharge of her Cargo.

e

C. no

504

CVinniitTiuners of tin* l iihrrr (bail <ieiomni*£ on Complaints by the Super-inteutiaut.

OflWr of the Fishery shall attend the Landing of the Herrings, Salt, &c. out of each Hut's, and take Account thereof, and certiIy the fame, &c.

ftflicer of the Fishery shall ITanhnit Licence, h\ Oath,

and Othcer's f ortUnate, on lb<* Return and, Hifcharge of eat h Lots, S, r. to the f'tmim'ua'jmrs. Deb^ntur^ for the 't onn ig*Rwurry tn.tii he grunted by C'ormni: h: >ner3, and jvid by L\c: it* Glue*.

Ah vtemenM in 1 a'.* nt On i T.t n »n the M.liter's Journal, «Xc.

Cargo an 1 Crew mud I. il'I-«hatV. I 't 1V*?3 where' Oincer* arc iiatiuned.

48° GEORGII III. A.D. 1808.

Course of the Voyage, received or are now on board such Buss or Vessel, except for the Suflenance of the

Crew thereof; that no Part of the Herrings taken, cured, and packed by the Crew of the said Buss or Vessel

have been unfhrpped or delivered out of the fame, excepting Barrels of Herrings transhipped

out of the said Buss or Vessel on the Day of and put on hoard

the whereof*was Mailer for this Port, and that

since the Day ot last pad, when the said Buss or Vessel cleared

t out for the said Fishery, till the Day of when the Crew thereof

finally ceased to fish, the Number of Men and Quantity of Netting and other Stores required by Law were constantly on board the said Buss or Vessel employed in the Prosecution of the said Deep Sea Fishery [or, in

aafe the Number of Men was diminished, or any Part of the Stores were lojl, the Time when such Diminution or

Loft happened to be specifad, and that such Diminution happened by Death, Sickness, or Defection, as the Case

may be, and if by Defer lion, that it happened without the Corfu t or Connivance of the bhsler, mentioning the«Time when, and the Manner in which any such Diminution of the Number of Men or Loss of Stores wasfupplitd,]

and that during the whole of the Time aforesaid, the said Buss or Vessel was not employed in any Manner or for any Purpose except in the Herring Fishery.*

Which Oath such Officer as aforesaid is hereby authorized and required to administer.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That in all Cases where the Superintendant of the Fishery shall be of Opinion there has been any thing culpable in the Conduct of the Mailer or Crew of any Buss or Vessel claiming the Tonnage Bounty, or that he or they shall have failed in complying with any of the Provisions in this Act, which should prevent the Bounty being paid, and the Superintendant Audi have made a Special Report thereof to the Comir.ilTioners for the Herring Fishery, and shall have transmitted the same to them, the said Commissioners shall forthwith make proper Enquiry thereinto, giving Notice to the Mailer and Owner or Owners of lueli Buss or Vessel, or his or their Agent, that they may attend such Enquiry if they shall think fit, and the said Commissioners shall, upon Consideration of all the Cireutnfiances attending each Case, make such Order thereupon as to them shall seem proper, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Officer of the Fishery at each Port shall attend the Landing of the Herrings arid of the Salt which has not been used, and the Barrels (if any) not used, and the Nets out of each Buss or Vessel which shall have arrived from the Deep Sea Fishery, and shall take a particular Account thereof, specifying the Marks on the Barrels containing Herring*', and shall examine the Mailer's Journal, with the other Documents delivered by him, and the Account of the Cargo landed, and shall certify such fnfpeftion and Examination, together with his Observations thereon, with the Quantity of each respective Description of Herrings gutted or ungutted, which shall have been landed out of the said Buss or Vessel; and in case any Herrings shall have been lauded at that Port out of any other Vessel, the Mailer of which brought a Declaration under the Pland of the Mailer of the said Buss or Vessel, that the Quantity of Herrings therein mentioned were taken, cured, and packed by the Crew of such Buss or Vessel, and transhipped out of the fame into the said other Vessel, and the Matter of which other Vessel made Oath that the Herrings which were on board thereof, were the fame that were so transhipped as aforesaid, such Officer shall in that Case certify also the Quantity of Herrings of each Description so lauded out of such other Vessel, mentioning the Name of such Vessel, and the Name of the Mailer thereof, and shall certify also the Tonnage of the said Buss or Vessel by Admeasurement.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the Officer of the Fishery at each Port shall transmit without Delay to the Commissioner, for the Herring Fishery to be appointed by this Act, the Licence with the Oaths and Certificates written at the Foot or on the Back thereof, hereby required to be delivered up to him, together with the Oath required to be made by the Mailer on his Return into the Port for the Discharge of his Cargo, and the Certificate or Certificates hereby directed to be made by the proper Officer of the Fishery at inch Port, also the Declaration produced, and Oath made by the Mailer of any Vessel out of which Herrings were landed, as having been transhipped out of such Buss or Vessel during the Fishing: And if the said Commissioners shall be satisfied that all the Conditions, Rules, and Regulations by this Act directed to be observed have been duly fulfilled with respect to such Voyage and Fishing, they shall immediately give a Debenture or Certificate for the Payment to the Owner or Owners of the said Buss or Vessel, or to his or their Assigns, of the Bounty by this Act payable upon the Tonnage of such Buss or Vessel, the Amount whereof shall be mentioned in such Debenture or Certificate; and the said Commissioners shall at the same Time tvanlmit the Licence, Oaths, and Certificates, and Declaration aforesaid, with Notice of their having granted such Debenture or Certificate, to the Commissioners of Excise in England or Scotland respectively; and the Commissioners of Excise or any Three or more of them in England, or the Commissioners of Excise or any Three or more of the: n in See tland, on receiving such Documents, shall and they are hereby authorized and required respectively, without Delay, to give an Order to their Cashier, or transmit an Order to the Collector of Excise at or nearest the Port or Place where such Buss or Vessel discharged her Cargo (at the Option of the Person or Persons entitled to receive the same); and such Cashier or Collector, on receiving such Cider, is hereby required to pay on Demand the Sum expressed in such Debenture or Certificate, out of any Money in his or their Hands arising from any Duties under the Management of the said Commissioners of Excite: Provided always, That in case the Mailer of any such Buss or Vessel shall have lieglefted to enter any Trnnfaction, Occurrence, Matter, or Tiling hereby required to be entered in his Journal, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Herring Fishery to he appoirted by virtue of this Act, to make such Abatement from the Amount of the Bounty claimed for such Vessel as they in their Discretion shall think fit.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That no Bounty shall be paid by virtue of this Act, on the Tonnage of any Buss or Vessel which shall be fitted out, or shall discharge her Crew or any Part thereof, or shall land her Cargo at any Port or Place other than One where an Officer of the Fishery shall be llationed.

r\r\n\c> XXVII. And

UOUvlL

A.D. 1808.

48° GEORGII III.

C. no.

505

Marinrra employed in tl Fishery, cvt-mpt from being inipressed.

ionnty, py lilt* Crnv 2s.; >cr Barrel.

A Mitional Bounty of ll. per Ton for the full; iO Bulks entitled to the Bounty ol dl*

Regulations for clearing out VelieN other than I haft s ca

th»' Tutlliar*

Bounty) with .Salt, fve. for flic Brit lib Herring Fill.ery.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Mariners employed in every Buss or Vessel in the Deep Sea White Herring Fishery, not being more than the Complement herein-before required to be on board the fame, shall be and the same are hereby protected from being impressed into His Majesty's Service, during so long Time as such Buss or Vessel shall be actually carrying on the said Fishery, and until her Voyage Home from thence to the Port of her Discharge shall be fully completed and ended.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Owners or Hirers of every Buss or Vessel employed in the Owners of Buffo

said Deep Sea Fishery, who shall be entitled to receive the Tonnage Bounty under this Act, shall pay to the entitled to the Master, Mate, and Crew thereof (over and above such Wages as the said Crew shall by Agreement be entitled shall

to receive) an Allowance equal in Amount to Two Shillings, for every full packed Barrel of Herrings con- , w' tained in the Cargo taken by them, Two-eighth Parts thereof to the Mailer, One-eighth Part to the Mate, and the remaining Five-eighth Parts to the Rest of the Crew, to be equally divided among them, which Allowance shall be paid whenever the said Cargjo of Herrings shall be full packed.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case of the Absence of the Superintendant of the Deep Sea Officer may aft Herring Fishery from Illness or other unavoidable Cause, any Officer of the Fishery authorized by the Com- in Abfem-e of missioners for the Herring Fishery to be appointed pursuant to this Act, Ynay and he is hereby authorized and Superiutfciuluut, required to do and perform every Matter or Thing which is hereby required to be done and performed by the Superintendant at the Rendezvous of the said Deep Sea Fishery, or while the Fishery shall be going on.

XXX. And be it enacted, That for or in respect of the first Thirty Bufles which shall be fitted out and licensed for, and shall be employed in the Deep Sea White Herring Fishery, according to the Regulations.of this Act, and the Crews of which shall respectively take, cure, and pack the Quantity of Herrings hereby required, the Owner or Owners thereof who shall be entitled to the said Bounty of Three Pounds per Ton, shall be respectively entitled to a further Bounty of Twenty Shillings per Ton for One Year; and that of the BiilTcs, the Crews of which (Ball have taken the said Quantity of Herrings, those shall be preferred which shall have been full fitted out and licensed; and in case of Equality in that Respect, those Bufles, the Crews of which shall have taken the greater Quantity of Herrings, shall be preferred to .those which shall have taken a less Quantity thereof.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Vessel or Boat, for which it is not meant the Tonnage Bounty shall be claimed, shall be intended to be fitted out at any Port or Place in Great Britain where an Officer of the Fishery shall be Rationed for the British Herring Fishery, the Person intending so to lit out such Vessel or Boat, shall give Notice thereof in Writing to the said Officer of the Fishery at such Port or Place, specifying the Quantity of Salt, the Quantity of Netting, the Number of Barrels, and the Quantity of other Stores which he intends to put on board the said Vessel or Boat, which he shall not ship or put on board without the Presence of such Officer; and the said Officer shall examine the Stores which shall be tendered to be shipped, and fee the fame put ou board the said Vessel or Boat, and shall give the Mailer a Certificate that the said Stores, specifying the Quantities and Sorts thereof respectively were so shipped or put on board in his Presence, mentioning the Name of the said Vessel or Boat, and the Name of the Mailer thereof; and if any Ault, Barrels, Nets, or other Fishing Stores, shall be (flipped or put on board any such Vessel or Boat at any such Port or Place as aforesaid, for the British Pierring Fishery, before such Notice shall be given, or without the Presence of such Officer as aforesaid, or be removed from thence in such Vessel or Boat without such Certificate as aforesaid, the same shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of the Fishery or of the Ciffloms or Excise.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Mailer of every Vessel or Boat which flnll proceed to the British Herring Fishery, having on board Salt to be used in the curing of Herrings, shall keep an Account of the Quantity of Herrings which he shall cure or cause to be cured every Day, and of the Quantity of Salt used in the curing thereof, apd shall mention in such Account the Name of the Loch, Bay, or other Place on the Coast where such Herrings shall be cured, and the Manner in which the same shall be cured, namely, whether in Barrels or in Bulk, whether gutted or ungutted, whether on board or on shore, and whether by the Crew of such Vtflll or Boat, or by Persons refilling on shore, and by a Mark or Marks to be let on the Barrel or Barrels in which the lame shall he cured, according to such Regulations as shall be made in that Behalf by virtue of this Att; the Quantity of Herrings cured in Barrels every Day, shall be distinguished from all other Herrings, and the Quantity of Herrings cured ungutted from the Quantity cured gutted, in which Account shall be specified such Mark or Marks let on the Barrels respectively, and the Number of Barrels of PIcrrings so cured, with the Marks let thereon, which shall be shipped or put on board Inch Vessel or Boat every Day, and if any Quantity of such Herrings shall be shipped or put on board any other Vessel or Boat to he carried to any Port iu Great Britain) the* Number of Barn's of Herrings, with (he Marks set thereon, shall be specified in such Account, with the Name of such other Vessel or Boat and the Port for which the same shall be bound, which Account, fg ned by the said Mailer, together with the said Certificate, by the Officer of the Fishery in whose Presence the hid Salt was shipped in such \ cfltl or Boat, the said Mailer shall bring with the said Herrings on board thereof, to any Port or Place of Great Britain to which the same shall return or arrive for her Discharge; ai.d if any Officer of the Fishery shall be Rationed at such Port or Place, the Mailer shall (before any Herrings or other Article shall be unshipped out of such Vessel or Boat) deliver the said Account and Certificate to such Officer, and shall verify the said Account on Oath before him who shall attend the Lauding of the Herrings, Salt, a. d other Stores, and take a particular Account thereof; or if no Officer of the Fishery shall be Rationed at such Port or Place, he shall verify the said Account on Oath before the Chief Officer of Ext lie or Customs there, or any Justice of the Peace or other Maghlrate, and transmit the fame so verified on Oath, with the said Certificate, to the neareR Officer of the Fishery; and the Officer of the Fishery to whom the said Account flnll he fodclivered or transmitted, shall upon Demand deliver to the said Mailer a Copy of the said Account, and of the*

Oath by him made thereon, certified by the said Officer under his Hands to be a true Copy.

7 XXXIII. Audi

Rrirulations with r< iju ct to \'< ffi la or floats cleared out with Suit, mul < urir- and taking on b<»ard \ lcrvm<; s at the Fish; i*, ami proier ting there*iih to a Port in <»m»t Britain, and ckdi'.njLj Inwards*

5°6

Regulations reflecting WfiVla arriving liom the F-fhcry irulcn with I hrnn; '; s euretl n ith Salt, rarriol out in a Vessel.

TTnrrings, Silt, or other fishii g Stores front the Fisherv, landed contrary to lire foregoing Regulations,

shall be forfeited.

Regulations respocYing Cuivrs having Salt Itorcd at the FiHwry,

proceeding to cure Herrings therewith.

What Herrings shall be entitled to the Bounty of 2s. per Barrel, id.)

C. no.

48° GEOPvGIl III.

A.D. 1808.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Mailer of every Vessel or Boat arriving from the British Herring Fishery at any Port or Place of Great Britain, having on board Herrings cured with Salt, which had been carried from any Port or Place in Great Britain to the said Fishery in a different Vessel or Boat, shall bring with the said Herrings a Declaration iignedby the Mailer of the Vefitl or Boat in which the said Salt was carried to the Fishery (with a Copy indorsed thereon of the Certificate by the Officer of the Fishery in whose Presence the Salt was flopped) which Declaration shall express the Name of the Vessel or Boat in which the Herrings shall be shipped, the Name of the Master thereof, the Number of Barrels of Herrings shipped or put on board thv fame, with the Marks set on the said Barrels respectively, the Day on which the Herrings contained in each of the said Barrels respectively were cured, and the Manner in which the fame were cured as heriin-bi-fore described, and what Quantity of the Salt specified in the Certificate, of which a Copy drill be so indorsed on such Declaration, was used in the curing thereof, which Declaration diall be verified by the Person making the same, upon Oath, to be administered by the Officer of the Fishery at the Place where the Hoi-rings shall be shipped or laid on board; or if there shall be no such Officer there, then before any Officer of the Fishery near such Place, or any Officer of the Customs or Excite at or near the fame, or before any J'nlice of the Peace, Sheriff Depute or Substitute, which Declaration so verified, the Matter of the said Vessel or Boat arriving with the said Herrings (before any Part of the Cargo thereof shall be unfiripped) shall deliver to the Officer of the Fishery at the Port or Place where he dial} arrive for the Discharge thereof, who diall attend the landing of the

Cargo and take a particular Account thereof; and if no Officer of the Fishery diall be Rationed at such Port or Place, then the said Mailer diall in such Case transmit the said Declaration so verified as aforesaid, to the Officer of the Fishery neared: to such Port or Place.

XXXIV. - And be it further enacted, That if any Herrings, or Salt, or other fishing Stores shall be landed, or diall be 1111 shipped with Intent to be landed, out of any Vessel or Boat arriving from the British Herring Fishery (other than a Buss or Vessel which shall have been been fed for the Deep Sea Fishery)at any Port or Place where an Officer of the Fidiery shall be Rationed, before such Certificate and Inch Account to be kept by the Maftvr respecting the Herrings cured as aforesaid, or such Declaration so verified as aforesaid respectively, diall be delivered to, and such Account, verified on Oath before the said Officer of the Fishery as is herein directed, or without the Presence of such Officer of the Fidiery as aforesaid, or shall be landed or shall be ur.diipped with Intent to be landed at any Port or Place where no Officer of the Fidiery shall be Rationed, before such Certificate and Account, or such Declaration so verified as aforesaid, diall be produced to, and such Account verified on Oath before such Officer of the Excise or Customs, or such Justice of the Peace or other Magistrate as aforesaid respectively, and transmitted to the Officer of the Fishery nearell to such Port or Place, or without the Presence of the proper Officer of the Customs, all such Herrings or Salt or other Fishing Stores shall be forfeited, and diall and may be seized by any Officer of the Fishery, orof the Customs or Excise; provided that if any such Herrings, Salt, or other Article diall be seized on account of any Error or Omission of any Thing required by this Act to be done, which shall appear to the said Commissioners for the Fidiery not to have been wilful, it diall lie lawful for the said Commissioners to waive the Forfeiture of such Articles, and to levy in lieu thereof oa the Parties a Penalty not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, that whenever any Person or Persons having Salt stored on Shore at any Place where the Herring Fidiery is carried on, shall intend to cure Herrings therewith, such Person or Persons shall, before he shall begin there to cure Herrings, give Notice of lus Intention so to do to the Officer of the Fishery at or neared to such Place, and diall keep an Account of the Quantity of Herrings which he shall cure every Day, and of the Quantity of Salt which (h ill be used in the curing thereof, and shall in such Account mention the Manner in which the Herrings shall be cured, namely, whether cured in Barrels or in Bulk, whether cured gutted or ungutted, and by a Mark or Marks to be set on each of the Barrels in which the same shall be packed, according to such Regulation as diall be made by virtue of this Act, shall distinguish the Quantity of Herrings cured every Day from all other Herrings, which Mark or Marks shall be specified in the said Account; and before any such Herrings so cured and packed diall be removed, or shall be dripped or put on board any Vessel or Boat, in order to be removed from the Place where the fame were so cured, or shall be produced to any Officer of the Fidiery, to be certified for the Bounty of Two Shillings per Barrel hereby granted, the Curer thereof shall deliver such Account thereof as aforesaid to the Officer of the Fidiery at or nearest to such Place, and verify the fame upon Oath before such Officer; and the said Officer diall and is hereby required to give a Copy of such Account, and of the Oath thereon, certified by him to be a true Copy, to the Person by whom the same shall be so delivered and verified as aforesaid.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, that the Bounty hereby granted of Two Shillings per Barrel on White Herrings, shall not be paid or allowed for any Herrings which shall not have been taken in the British White Herring Fidiery after the said First Day of June, or for any Herrings which shall be of bad or indifferent Quality, or for any broken Herrings, or for any Herrings which were not originally gutted, or which were cured in Bulk, or otherwise than in Barrels, or which having been cured in Barrels shall have been afterwards laid in Bulk, or which shall not be repacked or Bung packed, and (n all Respects properly cured and packed, or of which the Barrel diall not contain of Fish, exclusive of the Weight of Salt and Brme, Two hundred and Twenty-four Pounds Weight, except Herrings intended to be exported to any Place out of Europe, which diall and are hereby required to be repacked with great Salt, the Barrel of which Herrings diall contain Two hundred Pounds Weight of net Fish; nor for any Herrings which shall be contained in any Barrel not of sufficient Strength, or not containing Thirty-two Gallons English Wit* Measure, or on which the Name of the Curer thereof, and the Name of the Port or Place where and the Year when the fame were cured, shall not be branded with an hot Iron, in large, legible, conspicuous, and permanent Characters, or on which such Mark or Marks, Character or Characters, shall not have been set at the Fishery, as is directed by this

or ftialj not remain thereon diflinCUy legible, denoting the Day on which the fame were cured, and that the

fam*

A.D. 1808.

48° GEORGII III.

C.r 10.

5°7

fame were cured gutted; nor for any Barrel of Herrings' on which at the Time of its being produced to the proper Officer of the Fishery, in order to be branded with a Mark or Character to denote that the Curer thereof is entitled to the Bounty of Two Shillings per Barrel hereby given according to the Directions of this Act, any such Mark or Character shall be found to have been formerly branded, or any Mark or Character shall be found to have been branded purl'uant to any former Act, in respect of any Bounty per Barrel thereby granted, or any Mark or Character whatsoever formerly branded, shall be found to have been altered or effaced; nor until a Mark or Character to denote that the Curer thereof is entitled to the Bounty hereby given, shall be branded thereon, by Order and in Presence of the proper Officer of the Fishery, after the same shall have been produced to and inspected by such Officer, according to the Directions of this Act.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, that the said Bounty of Two Shillings per Barrel hereby granted on White ^Herrings, shall be payable and paid to the Curer or Curers thereof, on the Production of the Fish to the proper Officer of the Fishery, in order to be branded and certified for the Bounty; and such Officer of the Fishery to whom any Barrels of Herrings shall be so produced, shall examine the Barrels and inspect the Herrings contained in all, or in such and so many of them as he in his Discretion shall think necessary, for the Purpose of ascertaining whether the Herrings so produced arc in every RespeH such as to entitle tlieCurer or Curers thereof to the Bounty hereby granted, according to the Provisions of this Act; and for tint Purpose the said Curer or Curers shall, at his or their own Charge, upon being thereunto required by th laid Officer, place or cause to be placed the said Barrels of Herrings in such convenient Order or Situation as shall be pointed out by the said Officer (the Outlides being free from any Tar, Dirt, or other Substance which may cover or conceal any Mark thereon) and open or cause to be opened any Barrel so produced, and raise or remove, or cause to be raised or removed the Herrings, or any Pait thereof, out of such Barrel, and furniffi the said Officer with Weights and Scales for weighing any Herrings, and afTish him effectually in weighing the fame; and upon every Barrel of Herrings which, on such Examination and lufpeHion as aforesaid, ffial be found by the said Officer to be in all ReipcCts Inch as to entitle the Curer or Curers thereof to the Bounty of Two Shillings per Barrel hereby granted, there shall be branded with an hot Iron, by Order and in Presence of the said OfficeF, such Mark or Marks, Character or Characters, as the Commissioners for the Herring Fishery, to be appointed pursuant to this Act, shall direct, and as shall denote that the fame is deemed to be of the proper Description, and whether the fame is Bung packed or repacked, and the Year in which the same shall be lo branded, and by Order 2nd in Presence of what Officer; all which being duly performed, the said Officer of the Fishery shall give the Curer or Curers of the said Herrings a D benture or Certificate for Payment of the said Bounty of Two Shillings per Barrel on the Number of Barrels of Herrings so branded, which on being allowed by the Commissioners for the Herring Fishery (such Allowance being Rated in Writing under the Hands of the Commissioners at the Foot of the said Debenture or Certificate) the said Curer or Curers, or his or their Assigns, shall be entitled to the Bounty of Two Shillings per Barrel on the Number of Barrels of Herrings therein mentioned; and the Commissioners of Excise in England, or the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland respectively, ' upon such Debenture being produced to them, shall, without Delay, cause the same to be paid in the same Manner as the Bounty oil the Tonnage of Buffcs or Vessels employed in the Deep Sea Fishery, is directed by this Act to be paid.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Herrings not caught or taken in the British Herring Fishery, or any Herrings in re 1 nett whereof any Bounty per Barrel granted by any former Act shall have been paid or allowed, or any broken Herrings, or»y Herrings which were not originally gutted, or which were cured in Bulk or otherwise than in Barrels, or which having been cured in Barrels shall have been afterwards laid in Bulk, or any Herrings mixed or packed with am f .eh Herrings as aforesaid, or any Herrings (other than Herrings repacked with great Salt) of which the Barrel shall not contain of net Fffii, ex clu five of the Weight of Salt and Brine, Two hundred and twenty-four Pounds Weight, or any Herrings repacked with great Salt, of which the Barrel shall not contain of net Fish, exclusive of the Weight of the Salt and Brine, Two hundred Pounds Weight, or any Herrings packed in any Barrel which shall I e of lets Content or Capacity than Thirty-two Callous EtigJ'Jh Wine Mtaiure, or on which the Name of the Curer thereof, and the Name of the Port or Place where, and the Year when the fame were cured, shall not be branded writh an hot Iron, in large, legible, conspicuons, and permanent Characters, and in Manner dii\H'd by any Rule or Regulation which shall be made by the CuinndifkmcTS for the Herring Fishe»*y in tint Behalf, or on which such Mark or Marks, Character or Characters, shall nut have been k*t at the i'iffiery as is directed by this Act. or shall not remain thereon dif-tinci.lv legible, denoting the Day on which the fame were cured, and that the fame were cured gutted, shall be proJuad to any Officer of the Fishery, to be branded in his Preience and certified by him, for the Purpose of obtaining the said Bounty of Two Shillings for the tame, or which, having been so produced and branded, shall be again produced to any such Officer for the lame Purpose, all such Herrings, writh the Barrel or Barrels coi.taining the fame, shall l»e forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of the Fishery; And if any Herrings, nut being forfeited by this Clause, shall be produced to ary Officer of the Fishery for the Purpose afualaid, and such Officer shall deem such Herrings to be of bad or indifferent Quality, or not properly cured or packed, er the Barrel or Barrels in which the same shall be packed not to be of f .fficient Strength, aval that for fucir Cause he shall think the Curer thereof is not entitled to the said Bounty of Turo Shillings per Barrel, such Officer shall without Delay apply by Petition, dating the Matter in Dispute, to any Justice of the Peace redding at or mar the Place where such Herrings shall be produced, giving Notice thereof to the Chircr, that lit* may attend the Blearing if he shall think, fit; and such .lullice of the Peace shall forthwith nominate and appoint Two or more ikilful Persons to inspeH the said Herrings and the Barrels in which they shall be pick 'd, and the Persons so nominated and appointed shall iiifp* 61 the said Herrings and Barrels accordingly, and Until certify un their Oaths, to be taken before the said Ju trice, their Opinion on the Matters in Dispute,

3 according

To whom, on what Condition* and Regulations, and by whom, laid Bounty of '2s. per Barrel* shall he paid.

Herrings of

Defcii prions not entitled to the Bounty of 2s. per I»arrel, produced to the Office in order to obtain the Bounty, be forfeited.

I Tow Difpmes shall be settled as to Herring* (not I or I ei ted) on*)uced to obtain the Bounty.

5°8

as to

'Wiiitt* ll( irin's repacked "uing ( uatlwite lor E.\)>oruuou.

JJntv Herring rvjKirtrd from <Treat Britain shall be packed, i<C.

Flfh*' Officer shall i»i'pC<R Herrings tendered for ExporutU'iu

y

No r«*ft

Siitrenuc'f or Cotkrl, <»r Sut-U iAtu c recjuirrJ for Silt, Net*, fLc. for the liiTtiu^ Ft/hcry,

or Honings, Salt, ike. from dunce.

C.xio. 46° GEORGII III. A.D. 1808.

according to the bc(l of their Skill and Judgment; which Determination of such Persons, orof the major Part of them, shall be conclusive respecting the said Bounty of Two Shillings per Barrel.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That whenever any White Herrings repacked shall be intended to he shipped or put on board any Vessel or Boat at any Port or Place in Great Britain, in order to be carried Coall-wife to any other Port or Place therein, in order to be exported from thence for any Port or Place out of Europe, the Person intending to ship the same shall give Notice of fuph Intention to the Officer of the Tilliery at the Port or Place of Hupping, and Hiallin such Notice declare that the said Herrings were not repacked till after the Expiration of Fifteen Days at the lead from the Day when the lame were first cured and packed, and such Officer shall attend and fee the fame Hupped; and if it shall appear that the Herrings so Hupped (I12II have been repacked Fifteen Days at the lealt from the Day when they were first cured and packed, the said Officer Hiall give a Certificate thereof under his Hand to the Matter of the Vc-ifel or Boat in which the said Herrings Hiall be so shipped to be carried CoalUvife, specifying the Marks on the Barrels, and the Name of the Vessel or Boat in which the fame Hiall have been so shipped, the Name of the Master thereof, and the Port for which the same shall be bound.

XL. And be it further enacted, That no White Herrings Hiall be exported or Hupped, or tendered to any Officer of the Fishery or of the CuRoms, to be shipped for Exportation at any Port or Place in Great Britain for any Port or Place whatever, unless the Barrel in which the same shall be packed Huill be at lead Half an Inch in Tliickncfs at the Bulge, or for any foreign Port or Place in Europe, unless such Barrel shall be bound with Sixteen Hoops at the leall made of Wood or Iron; nor shall any such Herrings be exported or Hupped, or tendered to be (nipped as aforesaid, for any Port or Place out of Europe, unless the Barrel in which the same shall be packed Hiall be a new Barrel and full bound, and have one Iron Hoop at each End; nor unless such Herrings shall have been repacked, and a Space of Time not less than Fifteen Days Hiall have intervened from the Day when the fame were originally cured and packed, before the fame were repacked, ail which shall be made to appear to the Satisfaction of the proper Officer of the Fishery and of the Cuiloms, at any Port or Place to which the same shall have been brought Coastwise for Exportation, by Certificate to be granted by the proper Officer of the Fishery, at the Port or Place from which the fame were so sent Coastwise as aforesaid, and Oath made thereon by the Exporter or his Agent before any such Officer, that the Herrings tendered for Exportation are the fame that were brought Coastwise with such Certificate; nor Hiall any Barrel of White Herrings be exported or Hiipped, or tendered to any such Officer as aforesaid to be Riippector Exportation at any Port or Place in Great Britain for any Port or Place whatsoever, being branded with any Mark or Character to denote that the Curer thereof is or was entitled to the Bounty of Two Shillings per Barrel hereby granted, unless the same shall in all Respeds be such as is by this Act required to entitle the Curer thereof to the said Bounty; nor Hiall any Barrel of White Herrings be shipped for Exportation, till the Proprietor or his Agent shall have produced the same to the proper Officer of the Fishery, and performed every Thing which shall have been required of him by the said Officer, and which the Curer on producing the fame in order to obtain the Bounty thereon is by this Act required to perform, nor shall the fame be so Hiipped without the Presence of the said Officer; and that all White Herrings, with the Barrels containing the lame, which shall be exported, shipped or tendered to be Hiipped for Exportation contrary to this Act, shall be forfeited, and Hiall and may be seized by any Officer of the Fishery or of the Customs.

XLI. ' And, in order to prevent any Frauds in the Exportation of Herrings, ' be it further enacted, That every Officer of the Fishery to whom any Barrels of White Herrings Hiall be produced or tendered in order to be shipped for Exportation, shall examine the fame, and insped and weigh the Herrings in such and so many of the Barrels as he shall think proper, in order to ascertain whether the said Band or Barrels of Herrings be in all Respects such as may lawfully be exported or Hiipped to be exported to the Port or Place for which the same shall be entered: Provided always, that if any White Herrings contained in any Barrel or Barrels which shall be so marked with any Mark or Character to denote that the Curer thereof is or was entitled to the said Bounty of Two Shillings^' Barrel as aforesaid, not being prohibited to be exported for any Cause other than on due Examination their being found to be of such Description as qot to entitle the Curer thereof to the Bounty of Two Shillings per Barrel, and not of such a Description as would make them liable to Forfeiture, in case they were produced by the Curer with Intent to obtain the said Bounty, Hiall be tendered to any Officer of the Fishery to be shipped for Exportation, and such Officer Hiall deem such Herrings to be of bad or indifferent Quality, or not properly cured or packed, or the Barrel or Barrels in which the lame shall he contained not to be of sufficient Strength, and that for such Cause the fame cannot be allowed to be exported or Hiipped for Exportation, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, the Herrings or the Barrels containing the same shall not be forfeited; and if in the Event of a Refusal to allow the Exportation for any ot theie Causes, the Proprietor shall not be satisfied with the Opinion of the Officer, the Matter in P/fpute Hiall be settled ai.d determined in the same Manner as is hereinbefore directed in the Case of a like Dispute arising between the Curer of Herrings and the Officer of the Fishery, to whom the same shall be produced in order to obtain the said Bounty of Two Shillings/><rr Barrel.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That it Hiall be lawful to ship or put on board any Bnfs, Veflll or Boat, at any Port or Place in Great Britain, where an Officer of the Fishery shall be Rationed for the Britt/I) Herring Fishery* Salt, Nets, Barrels, and other Fishing Stores and Provisions necessary for the SuRcuance of the Crew thereof, and to carry and convey the same to the said Fishery without a Sufferance or Warrant or Couft Coeket from the Officers of the CuRoms, and also to unHiip and land Herrings and Salt, Nets, Barrels, and other Fishing Stores out of any Buis, VeHel or Boat from the British Herring Fishery, without a Sufferance or Warrant from the Officers of the CuRoms, and without the Presence of an Officer of the Cuitems except in any Case where any special Provisiun is made to the contrary in this Act: Provided the iaine be respectively

A.D. 1803.

48° GEORGII III.

C. no. 509

[See ( 52.)

Fifticry Officer shall transmit Copies of Documents of the Collector, &c. of the Customs.

Herrings may be cured and parked in Half Barrels.

Fishery Officer* may go and remain on board Vessels or Boata, Docu-

respectively ffiipped or put on board, carried* landed or un ffiipped in the Manner, and according to the Regulations of this Act: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall extend to repeal any Provisions in any AdT made for securing the Duties on Salt, with reipecl to shipping, carrying or landing Salt.

XLIII.*And in order that the proper Officers of the Customs and Excise may be informed of and be enabled to regiller the true Quantities of all Salt, Nets, Barrels, or other Fiffiing Stores ffiipped at the respect

tive Ports of Great Britain for the British Herring Fifficry, and of all Herrings, Salt, Nets, Barrels, and other

Falling Stores brought from the British White Herring Fifficry, and landed at the respective Ports of Great Britain be it enacted, That every Officer of the Fishery, by whom any Licence or Certificate shall be granted to the Matter of any Buss, Vessel or Boat, specifying the re fpc drive Quantities of Salt, Nets, Barrels, or other Fiffiing Stores shipped or put on board such Buss, Vessel, or Boat, at any Port or Place of Great Britain for the British Herring Fishery, shall without Delay transmit to the Collector, Comptroller, or other Chief Officer of the Customs at such Port, a Copy of the Licence or Certificate so granted by him; and every ihippej, and Officer of the Fishery by whom an Account shall be taken of any Herrings, Salt, Nets, or other Fiffiing Stores Herrings, Salt, landed out of any Buss, Vessel, or Boat from the British Herring Fishery at any Port or Place in Great Britain, &c- landed, — shall without Delay transmit to the Collector and Comptroller or other Chief Officer of the Customs at such Port, a Copy of the Account so taken by him as aforesaid, with the Name of the Buss, Vessel, or Boat, the Name of the Matter thereof, and the Port where the fame was fitted or cleared out for the said Fishery'.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to cure and pack Herrings taken in the British Herring Fishery in Half Barrels, each of which shall contain Sixteen Gallons Engljh Wine Measure, and that the Bounty hereby granted of Two Shillings per Barrel shall be allowed and paid ior Herrings contained in such Half Barrels, two such Half Barrels being accounted equal to one Barrel, provided that such Half Barrels, and the Herrings contained therein, shall be subject and liable to all the Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures by this Act provided and imposed, in the same Manner as if the Herrings were packed in Barrels.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Officer of the Fishery to go and remain on board any Buss, Vessel, or Boat, having on board any Salt, Barrels, or other Fiffiing Stores in Great Britain, intended for the Bri/Jh White Herring Fishery, or being at any Place where Herrings shall be taken or cured, or proceeding from any such Place for any Port or Place in Great Britain, to examine the Condition of all Herrings, Salt, Barrels, or Nets on board of any such Buss, Vessel, or Boat, and to put any Mark or Marks on the Barrel or Barrels in which any Herrings shall be contained on board thereof, and to take an Account of the Names and Descriptions of the Crew of such Buss, Vessel, or Boat; and the Matter of every such Vessel or Boat shall, if required by any Officer of the Fishery so to do, produce and deliver to such Officer for Ilia Inspection, the Certificate of Registry (if such Vessel or Boat shall he liable to Registryj and the Licence,

Certificate, or Declaration which he shall or ought to have on board, and shall give to such Officer a true Account of the Name of the Owner or of each of the Owners of such Buss, Vessel, and Boat, and of the Place where such Owner resides, and the Name of each of the Crew thereof; and if any Matter of any such Buss, Vessel, or Boat as aforesaid, shall not, upon being required by any Officer of the Fishery so to do, comply with all or any of the Requisitions herein contained, every Person 10 offending shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That upon every Boat which shall be employed in the British Herring Fishery, within the Limits of a Port of Four Leagues of the Coatt of Great Britain, there shall be painted in White Roman Letters not less than Two Inches in Length, on a Black Ground, the Name of the Place to which the same shall belong, on a conspicuous Place outside of the Stern; and the Name or Names of the Owner or Owners thereof on a conspicuous Place inside of the Stern, and every Boat employed in the said Fiifiery within the Limits or Difiance aforesaid, oil which such Names as aforesaid shall not be painted in Marnier before directed, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of the Fishery, Customs, or Excise.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Officer of the Fisherr, at all Time* when Herrings are curing and packing or repacking, and at all other Times in the Day (or if in the Night in the Presence of a Constable or otlipr Officer of the Peace) to enter and come into any Cellar or Warehouse of any Curer of Herrings, or into any Place where Herrings shall be cured, packed or repacked, to view and inspect Herrings during the Time of their being cured, packed or repacked, and to put such a Mark or Marks on any Barrel or Barrels in which they shall be packed or repacked, as they shall think lit; which Mark or Marks shall not be altered or defaced.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for the Herring Fishery to he appointed pursuant to this AdT, shall and they are hereby authorized to make Rules and Regulations dire cling in what Form and Manner every Journal, Declaration or Account required by this A cl shall be kept or made, and by what Means and Methods the Provisions of this Act shall be observed, performed, and put in Execution, according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof; also for sorting the Herrings taken, (that is to say), for packing or repacking Herrings of one Class separately from Herrings of another Class, or from any other Herrings whatever, such daffies to he determined and defined in and by such Rules or Regulations as aforesaid, according to Size or other Description or Denomination, as to the said Commissioners shall appear moil conducive to the Improvement of the said Fishery; the Herrings of each Class to be distingui filed by such Mark or Character respectivcl/, as in and by the said Rules and Regulations shall be directed; and whenever any Herrings furted according to such Rules or Regulations as aforesaid, Avail be produced to any Officer of the Fishery* according to the Directions of thisAcl, such Officer being satisfied that such Herrings arc duly sorted, and to what Chits the fame ought to belong, lie shall cause such Mark or Character to be burnt on caen Barrel in his Presence, as by the said Rules and Regulations shall be directed, in order to denote how the said Herrings should be clafied; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorized to make Rules or Regulations directing what 48 Geo. III. 3 U Mark*

Name of Place, Owner, &.c\ shall he painted on Ik iIa employed in the Htiimj

Fiihrry.

Fishery OtTiccf* nut? emnr

StorclvTufcs, &c. of Kith Curer*.

C. rnimissioner*

(A the Fiiheiy Hull aup>int the For 11: of Document*, and the .Manner '4 < .irrvim; ilnt A«i\ into iifcccmiott.

5TO

C. no.

489 GEORGII III.

A.D. 1808.

Pena!i v or frj'.c Oath, Perjury.

Pmahv On Persons fraudulently fora ruling Parrels, of Herrings, or fair*lying Documents, See.

5ol. or

Irn; , rif<»mnent

and Forfeiture.

Barrel*, with Marks altered, &. c. may be feued.

c. 69.

- 1 00.) It for ifh, not

TVnalty on lYrfons refilling Ike. OHirers of the Fishery, 50l.

Pr trail y on Olfu rrs iveciving Frrs, loOl. ami lmapachy.

('ommiirioneri

may allow Premiums or Bounti* not exceeding .30001, per Annum to Herring Ikjvta exeet ding 15 Years, on the Foaft ot FeotUud,

Marks or Characters shall be set or branded on any T5arrel or Barrels of Herrings for any of the Purposes of tins Act respectively, the Size of every such Marl; or Character, and the Part of the Barrel on which the same shall be set or branded, and the Manner in which any Mark or Character not hereby required to be branded shall be set thereon, which Rules and Regulations they are hereby required to make publick, in the Manner which shall appear to them likely to be moll effectual for the Information of the Parties interested therein; and if any Mark or Character shall be set or branded on any Barrel of Herrings for any of the .Purposes of this Act, in any* Manner which shall not be conformable to the special Provisions of this Act, or to such Rules and Regulations as aforesaid; dr it any Mark or Character more than the true or proper Mark or Marks, Character or Characters prescribed by this Act, and by Inch Rules or Regulations as aforesaid, shall be set or branded on any Barrel of Herrings, the Curer or Curers, Proprietor or Proprietors thereof shall not be entitled, in respect of the fame, to claim a?iy Benefit by this Act provided, for any Barrel of Herrings marked or branded according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof; and if any Journal, Declaration, AccounL or Oath by this Att required to be kept or made, or any Thing required, by this Act to be done or performed by or on Behalf of any Curer or Proprietor ot Herrings, or Owner or Owners, or Matter of any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, shall respectively be kept, made, done, or performed, in any Form or Manner not conformable to such Rule or Regulation as aforesaid, such Person or Persons shall not be entitled to claim any Benefit by this Act, to which such Per foil would have been entitled in case such Journal, Declaration, Account, or Oath, or other Matter or Thing had been befpettively kept, made, done, or performed, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

XLIX. And be it further enattecl, That every Person before whom any Oath is hereby directed or required to be made shall be, and every such Person is hereby authorized and required to administer such Oath; arid if any Person or Persons shall wilfully make a falie Oath respecting any Thing which by this Act is required to be sworn, every such Pci foil shall upon Conviction be liable to the Punishment of Perjury.

L. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, other than an Officer of the Fishery, or not being authorized by or without the Presence of such Officer, shall fraudulently burn or brand, or cause to be burnt or branded, or have in his Custody or Possession any instrument for the Purpose of burning or branding on any Barrel or Cask of Herrings any Mark or Marks, Character or Characters, which by virtue of this Act shall be appointed or directed to be burnt or branded on any Barrel of Herrings, by Order and in Presence of such Officer, or any Mark or Character in Imitation thereof; or if any Person shall alter, craze, or falsify any Licence, Certificate, Accoilnt, Declaration, Oath, or other Document prescribed by this Act, every Person so offending shall on being convicted thereof in England before a Juitiee of the Peace, or in Scotland before the Sheriff of the County where the Offence shall be committed or the Offender found, shall for every such Olience forfeit and pay a Sum of Money not exceeding Fifty Pounds, or suffer Imprisonment for any Time not exceeding Six Months; and every Barrel or Cask on which any such Mark or Character shall be fraudulently burnt or branded as aforesaid, with the Herrings therein contained, and every Instrument which shall be in the Possession of any Person for the Purpose of fraudulently burning or branding the fame, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of the Fishery, Customs, or Excise.

LI. And be it further enacted, That if any Mark set or branded on any Barrel of Herrings by any Officer or Officers of the Fishery, pursuant to this Act, or to any Rules or Regulations which shall he made by the aforesaid Commissioners for the Herring Fishery shall be altered or defaced, every such Barrel, with the Herrings therein contained, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of the Fishery.

LII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to repeal or alter any of the Provisions in an Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for transferring the Management of the Salt Duties to the Comm ifoners of Exctfcy 'and for repealing the Duties on Salt7 and the Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties paid thereout, and for granting other Duties, Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties thereon, respecting the Ufc or Application of Salt in curing Fish.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall assault, refill, oppose, moled, or hinder, any Officer or Officers of the Fishery, or any Person or Persons acting in his or their Aid or Afiiihince in the Execution of this Act, or of any* Matter or Thing therein contained, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer of the Fishery shall demand, take or receive, directly or indiredlv, any Fee, Gratuity, or Reward whatever, other than such Salary as shall be allowed him by the Crown, for any Thing done by him in the Execution of this Act, or of his Office or Employment aforesaid, even, ' inch Officer on being convicted thereof shall forfeit his Office and the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and shall be deemed thenceforth incapable of being employed in any Office or Employment under the Crown.

LV.*And, for encouraging the Inhabitants oil the Sea Coalls of Scotland, to provide larger Boats than are now used in the Herring Fishery, and to take Herrings at a greater Distance from the Shore than can be done 1 in such fmr.ll Boats as are now uled therein; y be it further enacted, That from and after the First Day of June One thousand eight bundled and pine, the said Commissioners for the Herring Fishery to be appointed pursuant to this Act shall be and they are hereby authorized to allow Premiurqs or Bounties not exceeding the Sum of Three thousand Pounds in the whole in any one Year, to be paid to Persons who shall employ Boats of a Burthen not less than Fifteen Tons by Admeasurement in the taking Herrings on the Coall of Scotland, who shall cure and pack the fame according to such Plan, and to such Rules and Regulations as the said Commissioners shall make and publish in that Behalf; and that within one Month after the Fifth Day of April in each Year, the said Commissioners shall cause a Lilt to be made of the Names of the Persons entitled to the said Bounties or Premiums, the Place of Residence of each of the said Persons, the Name of the Boat or Boats, and the Tonnage

thereof, which shall be employed by each Person or Persons rofpcdtively, and the Sum of Money which they shall assign to each Person respectively, which Lilt, certified by the said Commissioners, shall be trauibmted to

A.D. 1803.48° GEORGII III. C.iio, iii. 511

the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, and the said Commissioners of Excise shall and are hereby authorized and required to cause the said Sums to be paid out of any Money in their Hands anting from Duties under their Management, to the respective Persons entitled thereto, on their respectively producing and delivering a Certificate from the said Commissioners for the Herring Fishery to that Effect; provided that the said Bounties or Premiums shall not exceed the aforesaid Sum of Three thousand Pounds in any One Year.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That any Thing by this Att directed or required to be done by the Qu ram of Commissioners for the Herring Fishery to be appointed pursuant to this Act, shall and may be done by such Commissionim Number of them as by the Letters Patent for the Appointment of such Commissioners shall be determined.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture by this Act imposed, except in Recovery swd any Case where other Provision is hereby made, shall be sued for, recovered, and levied as any Fine, Penalty, Arjlr^nm of or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, or levied by any Law or Laws of Cuiloms or Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court °* ei rC3' of Exchequer in Scotland, respectively. One Moiety of such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture shall be to the Use of His Majesty, Flis Pleirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons as shall inform or luc for the same.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Privileges, Protcclions, and Provisions given and ordained by Provision* any Act or Acts for Justices of the Peace, or Officers of the Customs and Excise, on the Occasion of their acting relating to in the Execution of their respective Offices, as to any Action or Suit, or the tendering of Amends, or the of

Payment of Colls or other Thing, shall extend to the aforesaid Commissioners of the Herring Fishery, and to their Office*, the Superintendant and the Officers of the Fishery appointed in pursuance of this Act, and to all Persons e^tcuded to ihl* appointed to act under them, or acting in their Aid or Affillance in the Execution thereof. Ad.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That no Superintendant or other Officer acting in the Execution of any OrTucrsnot of the Provisions of this Act, or in the enforcing any Rules and Regulations made and in force under the liable to Suit* Authority thereof, shall be deemed a Trespasser, or be liable to any Action, Suit, or Prosecution, for or by Aftsdim* reason of any Act, Matter, or Thing done in the Execution of his Office, and for the carrying the Provisions of under llus A<it* this Act into Execution, and enforcing any Rules or Regulations established tinder the fame, and not done by him maliciously; and if any Person shall bring a Suit or Action for any such Matter or Thing, and the Court or Jury shall find that the lame was not done maliciously, such Person shall be nonsuited, and pay Treble Costs Treble Costs, to the Defendant.

LX.*And whereas it may be ttfeful to provide a .furifdiclion for preserving Order and settling Disputes ' among Persons carrying on the Fishery for Herrings on the Coast and in the Lakes of Scotland; y be it therefore enacted, That the Juriididlion of the Sheriffs and Stewarts Depute of Scotland, and their Substitutes, shall be Jurisdi Ainn of extended over all Persons engaged in catching, curing, and dealing in Fifii in all the Lochs, Bays, and Arms ^limits in of the Sea within their respective Counties and Stewartries, and also within Ten Miles of the Coalls of their said to

Counties and Stewartries, and that in as full and ample a Manner as the fame is exercised over the Inhabitants of tilde Comities and Stewartries; and if any Loch, Bay, or Arm of the Sea shall adjoin to Two or more iHpectine: Counties or Stewartries, or any other Part of the Sea shall be within Ten Miles of the Coalh of Two or more I ifficrio* Counties or Stewartries, the Sheriffs and Stewarts of the said Counties and Stewartries shall have and exercise a 10, kC

concurrent Jurisdiction over such Persons as aforesaid, in any such Loch, Bay, or Arm of the Sea which shall <u*iv<* be i: i or opposite to their respective Counties and Stewareries, or any Part of the Sea within the aforesaid Dillance of the Coait thereof.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in Force until the First Day of June One Continuance of thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament. Act*

CAP. CXI.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to establish a permanent Local Militia Force, under certain Restrictions, for the Defence of the Realm. [qcth jtttte 1808.]

WHEREAS it is expedient in the present Circumstances of Etirope, that a Local Militia Force should be established, trained, and permanently maintained, under certain Restrictions in England, to be called ' forth and employed in case of Invnsion in Aid of His Majesty's Regular Militia Forces for the Defence of the Realm; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be emitted and be it enacted by the King's mo (I Excellent Majesty, by and with the Auvioe and Conient of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, Unit a permanent Local Militia Force shall be ballotted and enrolled in England,; t such Periods, and in such Counties, or in any Inch Divisions or Parts of any Counties, and in such Proportions in any such Divisions or Parts of any Counties, as His Majesty shall by any Warrant or Warrants under His Royal S'ga Manual speciry, order, and direct in that Behalf, according to the Provisions of this Act, and under the Restrictions and Regulations herein after mentioned.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Tlret the Number of ofen to ballotted and enrolled under this Act, fh.Jl not, in any County or Division, or Part or any County, exceed such Number as will, in addition to and together \w'h and including riic oil. tfrive Yeomanry and Volunteers then serving in Inch County, or inch Division or Part of such County ivspectivdy, exclusive of Supernumeraries above the Establishment of such Corps serving without Pav, wiio fin II iiave been enroILd therein after the Fu ll Day ot .Ipnil CL.e thousand (ght hundred and eight, amount to Six Times the reipcCtive original Quota or Proportion of the original Quota

M.Iitia of such County, or Division or Part of such County respectively, under an Act passed in the orty-hcor.u Year of the Reign of I i: s»r* lent M fjeily, relating to the Militia of England.

III. Provided also, and be it further cuacTd, That w!: en and so often as the Number of effective Yeomanry and Volunteer's : i a; .y County, or Division, or Part of any County, shall be reduced by the disbanding or dii-

for .Seto 1 m/.J

A pernrnunt Cm. a! M'.liii.t shall l»<- ImIK'Mc J

ai|(l <.r; li>lU*4j HI Knglu'ul.

Not to cxct-ctl, iIK'IU

\ whuit(*<'<« > bit

Tinif» the*

original Quota of

Militia un !er2 G. a. t. 'jo.

Pc'firirncirs La < frective Volunteer* S'

be suppJied by additional L*>cal Militia Men.

On receiving Order to ballot Men, Lord Lieutenant, &c. shall ap; 'c; int Gerund and Subclbii'on Meetings.

His Majesty may order ( < unties to be divided wherein more than One Regiment, &c. of Local '".iiliiia is LO be raised.

Powers of MT-'» Aefs extended o this Act.

Tao Deputy Lieutenants, or One and a Justice, may a£h

Rxtra-paroeblat Places shall be added to adjoining; Parishes.

Men shall be ball' tied out of Persons between IB and «0, returned in Militia l itis.

No Substitute or Bounty allowed.

Penalty on

neglecting to appeal within the liuiiied Tone,

M. to '2OS., vVc.

Ppeci d

Constablo* shall be above UO Years oki.

C. i n.

48° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1808.

continuing the Services of any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, or by reason of the effective Members of any such Corps being diininished, it shall be lawful for His Majesty from Time to Time to order and direct that a Number of Local Militia Men equal in Amount to such Deficiency shall be forthwith ballotted and enrolled under this Act, so that the Number in the Whole of the Local Militia under this Act, and effective Yeomanry and Volunteers, shall be equal to Six Times the Amount of such Quota or Proportion of Quota as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That immediately aftfcr any such Order shall have been received by any Lord Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant, or Three Deputy Lieutenants executing the Office of Lord Lieutenant, the said Lord Lieutenant, Vice Lieutenant, or Deputy Lieutenants shall summon Gei.eai and Sub<hv; f/on Meetings, and such General and Subdivision Meetings respectively shall enquire in what Hundreds or Parishes or Place* such Deficiency shall have arisen, and shall proceed to divide and apportion the Numbers lb deficient among the Hundreds, Parishes, and Places respectively in which such Deficiency shall be found to cxift, and proceed to the ballotting and enrolling of Men for the Local Militia, according to the Provisions of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, in any Case in which more than One Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Local Militia is ordered to be raised in any County, to direct the Lieutenant, Vice Lieutenant, or Deputy Lieutenants of such County to divide such County, for the Purposes of this Act, into such Number of Divisioas as there are Regiments, Battalions, or Corps to be raised in such County, Regard being had to the Number of Persons liable to serve and the Eftahlishment of each Regiment, and all other Circumstances of local Convenience; and from and after such Division, each of such Divisions of such County shall supply all Vacancies arising in the Regiments, Battalions, cr Corps respectively belonging to such Divisions; Provided always, that such Divisions and all Apportionments made in pursuance thereof may be from Time to Time varied or altered, as QccvAion may require.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Powers, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things contained in the said Act of the Forty-fecund Year of His Reign, or in any AH passed in the last Session of Parliament, or in any other Acts now in force relating to the Militia of England) shall, as far as the same are applicable and can be applied to and for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution, and are not hereby altered, varied, or repealed, be used, exercised, applied, and put in force for the raising the Local Militia, and for the training and exercising the same as the regular Militia may be trained and exercised when not embodied, until the said Militia shall be called out and embodied under any Order in Council or Proclamation pursuant to the Provisions of this Act; and all Powers, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things contained in the said Acts in relation to the Regular Militia of England when embodied, and not hereby altered, varied or repealed, shall, as far as the fame arc applicable and can be applied, be used, exercised, applied, and put in force, in relation to the Militia under this Act, when so called out and embodied, in as full and ample a Manner as if the said Powers, Provisions, Rales, Regulations, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were again repeated and re-enacted in this Act: Provided always, that all Acts, Matters, and Things to be done by any Deputy Lieutenants or Justices (favc and except such Matters and Things as are required to be done by the several Acts at General Meetings of Lieutenants) shall and may be done and performed by Two Deputy Lieutenants, or by One Deputy Lieutenant and One Justice of the Peace.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants, and they are hereby required, at the first or any adjourned or other General Meeting held for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution, to ascertain the Number and local Situation of all Extra-parochial Places within their respective Counties, and to add each of the fame for the Purposes of this Act to such Parish as may appear to be moll convenient for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution, and from and after the adding any Extra-parochial riace by the Deputy Lieutenants at any General Meeting to any adjoining Parish, such Extra-parochial Places shall for the Purposes of this Act be deemed and taken to be Part of such Parish; and all Deputy Lieutenants, Chief Constables, and Special and other Constables, and all other Officers and Persons whatsoever, having any Power, Authority, or Jurisdiction in such Parish, in relation to the carrying this Act into Execution, shall have like Power, Authority, and Jurisdiction in such Extra-parochial Place for all Pw-poses whatever irt relation to the carrying this Act into Execution, as fully and amply as if such Extra-parochial Place made Part of such Pari ill.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Men to be raised under this Act shall be ballotted out of and from the Persons between the Ages of Eighteen and Thirty, returned in the Lifts now existing, or which may hereafter be made and returned or amended and corredled for the raising of the Militia under any Acts relating to the Militia of England; and it shall be lawful for His Majesty, if He flic! think lit, to order and direct the making out any new Lifts, and in such Classes as to Age or otherwise, and in such Form as may be deemed expedient for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution; and no Person ballotted to serve in the Local Mii.ti.t, shall be allowed to find or provide any Substitute to serve in his Stead, nr be entitled to any Bounty or Haif Bounty; any Thing in this or any other AH to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That on making out or amending of any Lifts after the passing of this Act, of Persons fit to serve in the Local Militia, every Person who shall wilfully neglect to appeal within the Time appointed for that Purpose, shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Twenty Shillings, at the Discretion of any Two or more Deputy Lieutenants or Justices of the Peace or Magistrates, and on Non-payment thereof be imprisoned, at the Discretion of any Two or more Deputy Lieutenants or Justices of the Peace or Magistrates as aforesaid, for any Time not exceeding Fourteen Days.

X. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be appointed or act as a Special Constable for the Purpose of assisting in the making out any new Lifts, or otherwise in aiding in the Execution of this Act, who shall not be above the Age of Thirty Years.

A.D. 1808.

48' GEORGII III.

C. 111.

5i3

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Two Deputy Lieutenants, or any Deputy Lieutenant and Justice of the Peace, upon the Examination of any Person Rating his Inability to lerve from Illness, bodily Infirmity or Debility, or if such Person ic prevented by such Illness or Infirmity from attending, on such Certificate of any Physician, Surgeon, or Apothecary, actually prafliling as such, as shall be satisfactory to such Deputy Lieutenant or Jullicewthat any Person enrolled to serve under this Act is from Illness or any bodily Infirmity or Debility unable to serve, to cause such Person to be ilruck out of the Enrolment, andexcufed from Fine and from Service under this Act, so long as such Illness, bodily Infirmity, or Debility, shall continue.

XII. And be it further enacted, That no licensed Teacher of any Congregation in Holy Orders, or pretended Holy Orders, and not carrying on any other Trade, or exercising any other Occupation for his Livelihood, except that of a Schoolmaster, nor any Medical Man actually practising as a Physician, Surgeon, or Apothecary, and no Person mullered, trained, or doing Duty or employed in His Majesty's Service in the Tower of London, the Royal Arsenal at Woolwich) or at any Gun Wharfs, or at any Powder Mills, Powder Magazines, or other Storehouses belonging to His Majesty, under the Dire Clio 11 of the Board of Ordnance, shall he liable to he ballotted for the Local Militia, so long only as they resprctively continue within any of the Descriptior.s aforesaid; and every Person who shall have served, or is now serving in Person in the additional Military Force, raised under an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His prese.it Majesty, or who shall have been ballotted, and shall have provided any Substitute, or shall have paid any Fine for not serving or finding a Substitute in such additional Force, shall be exempt irom Ballot and Service in the Local Militia, in like Manner, and for the same Period, as such Person was or is exempt from Ballot and Service in the Regular Militia during the Continuance of the said AcT of the Forty-third Year a fore fa id; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary' notwithstanding.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person having served in the Regular Militia or such audit ion al Force, or provided any Substitute, or paid any Fine for not serving, or finding any Substitute in the Regular Militia or such additional Force as aforesaid, shall be entitled to Exemption from being ballotted tinder this Act, for any longer Period than Four Years after the Expiration of hi: > Period of Service, if he shall have served in Person, or Six Years from the* Period of any inch Substitute beii'g enrolled, or Four Years after having paid any such Fine.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no articled Clerk or Apprentice, nor any poor Man who has less than Three Children born in Wedlock, nor any Person under the Height of Five Feet Four Inches, who shall be of the Height of Five Feet Two Inches, or upwards, shall, by reaion thereof, respectively be exempt from being ballotted and serving under this Act, notwithstanding such Persons may, by reason of coming within any of such Descriptions as aforesaid, reflectively be exempt from serving in the Militia under any A6is relating to the Militia.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be confirued to extend to authorize any Apprentice bailotted under this Act, to inlill in the Army, Navy, Marines, or Regular Militia, or to enter as a Volunteer in the Local Militia without the Consent of his Mailer; provided also, that no Ballot, Enrolment, and Service under this Act, shall extend to make void or in any Manner to affect any Indenture of Apprenticefiiip or Contract of Service between any Mailer or Servant, notwithstanding any Covenant or Agreement in any such Indenture or Contrail, and no Service under this Act of any Apprentice or Servant shall be deemed or construed or taken to be an Absence from Service, or a Breach of any Covenant or Agreement as to any Sci vice or Absence from Service in any Indenture of Apprenticeship or Contract of Service;

any Thing contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament, or Law or Laws, or Deed or Indenture of Appreatice-ship or Contract of Service, to t tie contrary' notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That every Person chosen by Ballot to serve in the Local Militia, shall appear at some Meeting to be appointed for that Purpose; and if on Examination such Person shall be found able and fit for Service, he shall then and there lake the following Oath; (that is to say, )

His Mvfiefiy

I am enrolled,

1 unless I shall be sooner discharged. So help me GOD.*

And every such Person shall be then and there enrolled, in a Roll to he prepared for that Purpose, to serve in the Local Militia of such County as a private Local Militia Man for the Space of Four Years.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person bailotted to serve in the Local Militia under this Act, shall, after Notice given to him, or left at his usual or lall Place of Abode, of his having been so bailotted, refuse or r.cgledl to appear within such Period and at such Place as shall be appointed for that Purpose within the Subdivision for which he shall have been so bailotted, (which Times and Places shall be appointed by the Deputy Lieutenants in their respective Subdivisions under any Order of the Lieutenant of the County, and Notice thereof given by the Constables of the several Parishes, by putting up the fame on Churches, Chapels, or other conspicuous PLcts, ) and be enrolled under this Act, and take the Oath to serve under this Act, such Person lbnll forfeit the Sum of Thirty' Pounds; or if a Person not having or receiving any animal Sum of Money, Profits, Gains, Allowances, or other Income what foe ver, amounting in the whole to Two hundred Pounds, clear of all Outgoings, Taxes, or Reprizes, the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if not amounting in the whole to One hundred Pounds, clear of all Outgoings, Taxes, or Reprizes, the Sum of Ten Pounds; and every such Fine shall be paid to the Clerk of the Subdivision Meetings, who shall on Receipt thereof give a Certificate, without Fee or Reward, of the fame being paid, which Certificate shall be countersigned by foroc Justice of the Peace or Deputy Lieutenant, and shall, within Twenty-one Days after the Receipt

4..thereof,

Exemption for lYrfons unable to serve from lllncls or bodily Infirmity.

Exemption*: Mitiifters, Medical Men, Persons employed in the Tower, &c.

Persons serving, &.c, uiidf*r 4u G.a. c. bj.

Period of

Exemption of I\ rton'i hiving

feived in Mi!ilia,

tU.

Certain Person* exempted from fnv'ing in the Militia, liable to serve in the Local Militia.

Apprentices baliorted {lull not inlist in the Army, &. c. without the Mailer'sConfrnt. Service under this Act ftvall not affect Contrails of Service.

Oath of Pertott* bailotted under this Act,

iVr'ud nfScrviee,

Years,

P.'ie or Person 1

ha1 lotted not

apjK aring to he enrolled, DOb,

'2Oh, or loh, according to their Income.

To l»e paid to the ( lerk of the Subdivision Meeting*, and by him into th*

Bunk.

5.H

Such Fines shall r\< nipt Ihr TWO Years only.

TYrfon* itnprilonetl Tor 'Non-p.wrnrnt rii Pint's, ilwill (Vive Declaration or ( Vnif/aic by IYrfons (Riming Exemption upon lYyiiK nt of -0l» or loJ.

Penalty for false Declaration, 50l.

IVi fons l/tiMot »e<l to ier\C

in Voiuut/Tr O rps atYncir

Can l.' .j 'OX n.ail |.ate Half

tli* Line rnniit'xl l.ut if t'npy (Lull not continue to ierve 1t, r f c.ur 'i cars, they IL..1! idif< it Treble tl; e Sum

r< mittfvl, i.tcl he li iMc tv) f. rvc in fix* lAvd Militia.

Tints of Attendant t of \ olunurrs Oio.il 1)0 fpcoified in Certificates.

1 )«v lata lion of TYifom claiming Kvemption uj on Pauueut ol Lines, Nr. that they haw not hifurod.

'f» nahv nrt

r< tuliuif to sum fuel) lJerlarntion, or in appojirimr» </r itiaknie a lalic Declaration, 'Debit i use, fke.

Quakers, &. c.

xcn>pt f iom Inme ein Led, bur Ilia! pav lJr tjx.itji-a of I'iiw vuiulcr

hair i; t< i.t of

De])UtY

Lieutenants.

C. hi. 48° GEORGII III. A.D. 1808.

thereof, pay the same into the Bank of England to a separate Account of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces for the Purposes of the Local Militia of Great Britain, which separate Account the said Pay-mailer General is hereby required to open at the Bank of England, and the Payment of such Fine shall exempt such Person from being ballotted'and enrolled under this Act for Two Years and no longer; and such Perhm shall be liable to be ballotted and enrolled in the Year next but one after that in which be shall have been so ballotted as aforesaid, and in like Manner to serve or pay such Fine as aforesaid, and so in each Second fi; exceeding Year.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That any Person imprisoned for the Non-payment of any Fine for not appearing to be enrolled, or for refilling or neglecting to attend Exercise, Hiali be liable to serve for the full Period of Four Years after the Expiration of such Imprisonmcr.t.

wlu u rcl< afrd.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That every Person claiming to be exempted from Service under this Act, upon Payment of the Fine of Twenty Pounds, or Ten Pounds instead of Thirty Pounds, shall iign a Del-nation that the Amount of his Income does not exceed Two hundred Pounds or One hundred Pounds as aforesaid, as the Case may be, and shall deliver the same to the Deputy Lieutenants before whom he shall appear to claim such Exemption, or produce a Certificate to the like E/Tecl, allowed by any Coinn.ifiioners under any A cl relating to the Rates and Duties ari/ing on Property, Profcflions, Trades, and Offices, or to any Allowances made 0: 1 any such Rates and Duties, within Twelve Months previous to the Prodtidliou of such Certificate; and every Person who shall make any false Declaration in relation to any such Claim, {hab forfeit and pav for such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds in addition to such Fine.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person ballotted to serve in the Local Militia shall enter and enrol himself as a Member of any Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps, and engage to serve therein at his own Expence and without Pay or Allowance, and Hi all produce a Certificate from the Commanding Officer of such Corps, of His having clothed, armed, and equipped himself, according to the Regulations of such Corps, at his own Expence, such Arms being according to ITis Maje/lv's Regulations, it shall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants, and they are hereby required to remit One-half Part of such Fines of Thirty Pound., Twenty Polmds, and Ten Pounds respectively, a3 the Cale may be, and ever)' such Person shall be entered in the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Local Militia for which lie shall have been ballotted, but shall nevertheless be exempt from serving in the said Local Militia so long as lit* shall continue an effective Member of a Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps; Provided always, that if such Person having so entered and enrolled himself as aforesaid, shall not continue in and be returned as an cfLvftive Member of a Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps for the full Pv-riod of Four Years, and once in each Year trausmit a Certificate of his being effective, from the Commanding Officer of his Corps to the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps in which he shall be so entered as aforesaid, such Person shall forfeit treble the Amount of the Part of Fine so remitted as aforesaid, and be liable to feive for the Remainder of such Term of Four Years in the Local Militia: Provided always, That no person ihalle be liable to the Payment of such Fine in any Case in which the Corps in which he shall have so entered shall be di/banded or discontimied, or if he shall have been prevented irom attending and being returned an effective Member of such Corps by reason of bodily Infirmity, to be duly certified by the Officer commanding the same.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That every Commanding Officer of a Volunteer Corps shall, in the Margin of every Certificate of the Number of Days on which any Member of his Corps shall have attended the Muitcr or Exercise of his Corps, specify the particular Days on which he so attended.

XXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That every Person claiming to be exempted from Service under this Act upon Payment of Fine as aforesaid, and every Person who shall be liable to the Payment of any Fine under this Act, for not appearing to be enrolled in the Local Militia, shall be furr.moned and required to appear before some Deputy Lieutenant or Julliceof the Peace, and shall be required by the Deputy Lieutenant before whom he shall appear to claim such Exemption, or by such Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace before w hom he shall be so summoned and required to appear as afort laid, to sign a Declaration that he hath not directly or indirectly by any Policy, Premium, or Promise of any Policy or Premium, or by any Engagement injured himself again./i such Fine, or any Part thereof, and that no Person or Persons hath or have directly or indirectly, in consideration of any Sum of Money or Pronvfe of any Sum of Money, or Gift or Reward, or fi r any valuable Consideration whatever, undertaken, engaged, or promiied in any Way to indemnify him therefrom, or from any Part thereof, or to repay to him, or to any Person or Persons on his Behalf, or lor his U(e, Benefit, or Advantage, the said Fine or any Part thereof; and in case any Person so claiming to be exempt, or so summoned or required to appear as aforesaid, shall refufo so to sign such Declaration, or so to appear according to such Summons or Requisition, or shall make any talfe Declaration in that Behalf, every such Person shall, upon Conviction thereof before Two Justices of the Peace, forfeit Three Times the Amount of such fine; and in Default of Payment thereof, shall be confined in any House of Correction or Common Gaol for inch County, for any Period not exceeding Three Months, or until Payment of such Penalty; and shall be liable personally to serve in the said Local Militia for the full Term of Four Years after the Expiration of such Imprisonment or the Payment of such Penalty.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person being one of the People" called Qvahrs, or of the People called Unitas Fralrum or United Brethren-, who shall he ballotted under this Act, shall produce before the Deputy Lieutenants of any Sid division Meeting, or any Two Deputy Lieutenants or JufVices of t!w P. : .v, a Certificate under the Hands of Two or mo-re respectable House keepers, being of the People called Quakers, or nf tin* People called lTnhas Fratrum or United Brethren* red dent within the County or Place of Reltdence of such Person, and dated, within Three Months immediately preceding the Day on which such Certificate jln.il be produced as aforesaid, acknowledging inch Person ro be one of their Periuafion, such Person shall not he

enrolled;

48° GEORGII III.

C. 11 r.

515

Where

Vnliliirr'cm {Kill enrol tliointrlves in any*l*ariih, 1.0 ballot shall take place, or only lor the .Number

Benefits of Friendly Societies not forfeited by Service under this act.

Bounty of Two

enrolled; and it shall be lawful for any such Deputy Lieutenants or Justices to adjudge any such Person to pay such Proportion of such Fines as are by this Act impeded on Persons balluUcd and not appearing, as to such Deputy Lieutenants or Justices may appear to be proper, according to the Situation in Life and Property of such Per ion; and the Amount of Fine so adjudged by such Deputy Lieutenants or Justices, may be levied by Diitreis and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals (the Overplus, if any, after deducting of reasonable Charges, being rendered to the Party); and if no Goods or Chattels can be found whereby the Sum so imposed upon such Quaker or United Brother can be levied, then it Dial I be lawful for any Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace, if he shall think fit, to commit such Quaker or United Brother to Prison, there to remain for any Time not exceeding One Month, unless such Sum shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases in which such Ballot shall be so directed, and any Persons between the Ages of Eighteen and Forty Years, and lit for Military Service, shall voluntarily enrol themselves under this Act to serve according to the Provisions of tins Act, it the Persons so voluntarily enrolling themselves shall amount to the Number to be enrolled by Ballot under any Apportionment in any such Parish, then no Ballot shall take place in such Parish; and if the Persons so voluntarily enrolling themselves as aforesaid, shall not amount to the Number required to be enrolled by Ballot in any such Parish, then the Number of Persons so voluntarily enrolling themselves shall be deducted from the Number required to be enrolled by Ballot, deficient and the Remainder only shall be ballotted for in such Parish; and all Persons so voluntarily enrolling themselves, shall take the Oath required by this Act to be taken by Persons ballotted, and shall lerve in the same Manner, and under the fame Regulations, and be subject to the fame Provisions, as if they had been ballotted for under this Act,

XXV. And be it further enacted, That no Member of any Friendly Society serving or entering to serve under this Act, shall by such Service be excluded from such Society, or be subject to the Forfeiture of any Benefit to which he may be otherwise entitled under any Rules of such Society $ any Thing in any such Rules to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall voluntarily enrol himself to serve in the

Local Militia under this Act, shall be entitled to and shall receive the Sinn of Two Guineas, to be paid upon Guineas to IVr-his Enrolment, over and above any Sum to which he may be entitled for Necessaries.om

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Parish shall have paid the whole Bounty enrollin»-to or in respect of any Person enrolled in the Local Militia under this Act, and such Person shall at any Time

within Two Years after such Enrolment enlist or enter into His Majesty's Army, Navy or Marines, or as a Trom

Substitute in the Regular Militia, the Amount of such Bounty of Two Guineas shall be deducted out of the jvion e, iiilin«r Bounty to be paid to such Person upon his enlisting into the Army, Navy or Marines, or out of the Money to into the Army, be paid to such Person as a Subllitnte, and shall be repaid to the Parish having paid such Bounty of Two &c. within a Guineas as aforesaid; and if he shall so enlist or enter at any Time after the Termination of Two Years from certain Berk-tL Lis fu ll Enrolment, then the Amount of One Half of such Bounty shall be so deducted and repaid as aforesaid.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Corps of Volunteers, or for such of tiic Members of any Corps of Volunteers, whether within the Ages limited by this Act or otherwise, as may be desirous of forming Part of the said Local Militia to be raised under this Act, to transfer themselves, with the^Approbation of His Majesty, under the Direction of the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, to become and form Part of the Local Militia under this Act of the County or Part or Diwfion of the County to which such Corps shall belong, upon such Terms and Conditions as to His Majesty shall seem fit; and all Volunteers so transferring themselves shall thereupon forthwith be enrolled without Ballot in such Militia, and take the Oath hereinbefore required to be taken by Persons ballotted under this Act, and shall be entitled to the fame Bounty and Allowance for Necessaries as any other Persons voluntarily enrolling themselves previous to Ballot under this Act, and shall be deemed and.taken to be Local Militia Men to all Intents and Purposes as if enrolled as aforesaid.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to permit any Volunteer Corps Voluntror'of Yeomanry or Artillery to transfer themselves into the Local Militia, upon such Terms and Conditions as to Y»-.»sn.mry n their Establishment and as to Allowances for Horses or Accoutrements or other Things, ami as to Pay, as His ^rf, lJn.v»* Majesty shall direct, and to be attached to the Local Militia of the County wherein inch Corps shall* serve, in such Manner as His Majesty shall direct: Provided always, that no Vacancies arising in any such Corps of Yeomanry so transferred as afore f. id, shall be supplied by Ballot under this Act, but all such Vacancies which shall not be supplied by the entering of any Men into Inch Corps within Three Months after such Vacancy occurring in fucu Yeomanry Corps, shall be supplied by Ballot for the Local Militia of the County to which such Yeomanry Corps shall be attached.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Volunteer or Volunteer Artillery Man G»!nntrrrs. Kc, enrolling or transferring himself as aforesaid, shall sign a Declaration before any Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace previous to such Enrolment, that he has not received or been promised any Sum or Sums of^iLi, !' Money, or Security for Money, or any Benefit or Reward, or Promise of Benefit or Reward, other than the Bounty of Two Guineas allowed by this Act, in consideration of lo enrolling himself to serve in the Local Militia; and every Local Militia Man who shall be convicted before any Two Justices of the Peace, of having made any false Declaration in that Behalf, shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, together with the Amount of the Bounty so fraudulently received, and in default of Payment of such Penalty, shall be confined i: i any House of Correction or Common Gaol of the County, for any Time not exceeding Three Months, or until Payment of such Penalty, and shall be liable to Four Years Service in the Local Militia after the Termination of such Confinement or the Payment of such Penalty.

CorpR or Members of Yulunterrs may*transfer them-fi-Ives u idv the Abatin'! of

His Majrfiv to Local Milma.

nr

tiuy

transfer tli'MnO'lvc* to'Lxril Militia.

U Yaianck* th'Tihv aril! tv/,

shall be fuelled.

shall

are du-\ h; »v< n- t receive. 1 met* than Bounty of two Guineas. lVnah> on lalfij belaradou

SO), ise.

A.D. 1808.

516 C. 111. 48° GEORGII III.

Allowances on Men assembling ior Exercise, and on being called out under Order in Council.

Persons ferring in Local MiliiU entitle*! to Exemptions as Volunteers, and not liable to be ballotted for the regular Militia for Two Years.

46 G. a. C. 90.

Penalty for insuring against Fines, &c. 50l.

Ho* Local

Militia shall be formed and fticcred.

Rauk of Officers.

Pink in T/ica! Militia of Olhet is who have served in the Regular Militia; and of Lieutenants or V ice Lieutenants of Counties.

Rank of Officers ot Volunteer Corps, transferred to Local Mditia.

His Majesty may put Local Militia Under die Command of General Officer*

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That every Person enrolled to serve in the Local Militia under this Act, shall, upon being assembled for training and Exercise under this Act, be entitled to the Sum of One Guinea for the First Year of his Service, and Ten Shillings and Sixpence for each succeeding Year of Service, to be paid to the Captain commanding the Company to which such Man shall belong, for the Purpose of providing and keeping up Necessaries for such Person; and a further Sum of One Guinea to be paid in like Manner and for the like Purpose, in case such Person shall be called out or embodied under any Order in Council or Proclamation under the Provisions of this Act; and all such Sums of Money shall, at the End of each Period of Exercise and Service as aforesaid, be accounted for to the Person entitled thereto at the End of each annual Period, and the Residnc, if any, paid to such Person for his Use and Benefit.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That every Officer, Non-commissioned Officer, Drummer, and other Person ballotted and enrolled, and actually serving in the Local Militia under this Act, shall be entitled to and have all such Exemptions from Service in the Regular Militia, or from being trained and exercised under an Act passed in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, Jin si8 to enable His Majesty annually to train and exercise a Proportion of His Subjects in England, under certain Regulations, and more effectually to provide for the Defence of the Realm, as any effective Volunteer is now entitled to under any Act or Acts of Parliament; and no Officer, Non-commissioned Officer, Drummer, or other Person having served the full Period of Four Years in the Militia to be raised under this Act, shall be liable to be ballotted to serve in the Regular Militia of Great Britain, for Two Years after the Expiration of his Service in the Paid Local Militia, or until by Rotation it shall come to his Turn.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person whatever shall insure, or take or agree to take any Money for the In finance of, or be in any Way concerned in any Company, Society, Partnership, Club, or Office, for the Ihfurance of any Person or Persons, or for the insuring or indemnifying each other against, or fqr the paying any Money for or towards the discharging of any Fine or Penalty for any Person or Persons who may be ballotted to serve in the Local Militia, or shall pay or engage to pay any Sum or Sums of Money to any Volunteer to serve in Discharge of any County, Didrift, or Parish, beyond the said Sum of Two Guineas, to be paid to such Volunteer as aforesaid, under this Act, every such Person as aforesaid shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to order and direct that the Local Militia to be raised under this Act shall be formed into Regiments, Battalions, and Companies, and shall have such Proportion of Officers, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, as are allowed by the several Act* relating to the Militia of England when embodied, and that such Proportion of Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, not exceeding One Half of each Rank, together with the Adjutant Quarter Master, who shall execute the Duty of Battalion Clerk, without any additional Pay, and Staff Serjeants of each Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, shall remain on permanent Pay and embodied, as His Majesty shall order and direct: Provided always, that no higher Rank shall be given in any Regiment of Local Militia formed under this Act thun that of Lieutenant Colonel Commandant, except in Cases where the Commandant shall have served with the Rank of Colonel in His Majesty's Regular Forces or Regular or Supplementary Militia, or be the Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant of any County: Provided also, that ail Officers of the Militia raised under this Act shall rank with the Officers of His Majesty's other Militia Forces, as the youngest of their respective Ranks (except as aforesaid): Provided always, that every Officer who shall have served in His Majesty's Regular Force* as a Field Officer, shall be and is hereby deemed qualified to hold any Commission in the Local Militia, and every Officer who shall have served in His Majesty's Regular Forces under the Rank of a Field Officer, shall be and is hereby deemed qualified to hold the lame Commission in the Local Militia, so long as such Officer shall continue to reside in such County or some next adjoining County, without any other Qualification in respect of Property or otherwise; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Person who shall have held the Rank of Colonel of any Regiment or Battalion of Regular or Supplementary Militia, and who may be appointed to the Command of any Regiment or Battalion of Local Militia to be raised by virtue of this Act, shall rank a< Colonel, according to the Date of his Commission, in the Local Militia; and ever}' Lieutenant or Vice-Lieutenant of any County, as long as he shall continue to act as such, who shall be appointed to the Command of any Regiment or Battalion ot Local Militia as aforesaid, shall rank as Colonel, according to the Date of hi* Commission in the Local Militia; and every Person who shall have served in the Regular or Supplementary Militia as a Commissioned Officer, a id by reason of the Reduction of such Militia shall have ceafedtohold such Rank, shall* if appointed to a like Commission in the Local Militia, rank according to the Date of his first Commission; Provided always, that no Officer holding the Rank of Colonel in the Local Militia, shall be entitled to or receive any greater Pay or Emolument than that of Lieutenant Colonel Commandant.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Officer of any Corps of Volunteers transferring himself with his Corps with the Approbation of His Majesty into the Local Militia, shall be eligible and qualified to hold the fame Rank in the Local Militia, from the Date of his Commission in such Militia, as he held at the Period of such Transfer in the Volunteers, without any other Qualification; any Thing in this Act or any other Act of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided also, that no Officer so transferring himself shall be authorised and entitled to take Rank above any Officer having the Rank of Lieutenant Colonel in His Majesty's Regular Army or Regular Militia.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to put the Local Militia enrolled under this Act, when assembled for training or exercise in Time of War, or when embodied as herein after mentioned in like Manner as the regular Militia when embodied, under the Command of such General Officer*

A.D. 1808.

48° GEORGII III.

C.

nr,

5i7

of His Regular Forces, as His Majesty shall please to appoint; any Thing in any Act relating to the Militia to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX V

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to order and direct that the The Kim* may Local Militia to be raised under this Act, shall be called out within their respective Counties in each Year, at order the Local such Times, in such Manner, and in Rich Proportion and under such Regulations as His Majesty shall diced! in that Behalf, for the Purpose of being trained and exercised, Regard being had to the local Circumstances of each County, and to the Sen Tons moil important to the Course of Industry and Cultivation within the same; and the Periods and Places for such Exercise Riall be appointed by the Lieutenants or Deputy Lieutenants of the several Counties, with the Approbation of His Majesty: Provided always, that no Militia Men under this Act shall be trained or exercised any greater Number of Days in the whole in each Year than Twenty-eight entire Days, c: \dufive of Days of arriving at and Departure from and marching to and from the Place appointed for Exercise (far which extra Days the Pay and Subfifcence allowed to His Majesty's Forces on March shall be allowed); and no Rich Local Militia shall be ordered to march for such Training and Exercise out of the County within winch any such Local Militia shall have been enrolled, if confiding of an entire Regiment or Battalion, or further than into some next adjoining County, if confiding of less than a Regiment or Battalion, and united by any Order of His Majesty with the Local Militia of any such adjacent County, for the Purpose of forming a Regiment or Battalion.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person enrolled to serve as a Local Militia Man under Men may remove this Act, shall be desirous of removing from one County to another County, or from one Division of a County to, another Division of the same County, at any Time or Times during the Period of his Service, it shall be lawful for him so to do, upon giving Notice in Writing to his Commanding Officer, who shall certify the same to the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants of the County or Division to which Rich Local Militia Man intends to remove, and every such Local Militia Man so removing, shall be received into the Local Militia of the County or Division to which he shall have removed, and shall continue to serve therein for the Remainder of the Term for v.hich he shall have been enrolled; and every such Militia Man who shall make a false Statement for the Purpose of obtaining such PermiRion, or who shall not present himself to the Deputy Lieutenants of the Suh-division to which he mall remove, for the Purpose of being enrolled in the Local Militia thereof, and who shall not transmit to the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, from which he shall have removed, within One Month after the Expiration of Rich annual Training, a Certificate of the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, to which he shall remove, of his having been duly trained and ewreifed in such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, shall forfeit Double the Sum which such Person would have forfeited if he had not appeared to be trained and exercised in the Local Militia in which he was ballotted under this Act; and every Person who shall again remove, or who shall proceed to any other County or Division than that of which he shall have first given Notice, shall in like Manner again give Notice and transmit Certificates as aforesaid.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Cases or actual Invasion of any Part of the United Kingdom, or of the Appearance of an Enemy in force upon the Coast of any Part of the United Kingdom, it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Order in Council or Proclamation, to draw out and embody such Local Militia, or any Part or Proportion thereof, and to direct all or any of Rich Local Militia lMl|lua Men to be marched to any Part of Great Britain for the Prevention and repelling of any such Invasion, or for embodied and the Suppression of any Rebellion or Insurrection arising or existing at the Time of any such Invasion, and to marched to any keep and continue such Local Militia so embodied for any Period His Majesty may deem requisite, not exceeding l'art of Great Six Weeks after the Enemy shall have been prevented or repelled, or driven from the Coail, or after any such ^nta, Q*

Rebellion or Insurretftion shall have been suppressed.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or for the Vice Lieutenant of any County, or for the Sheriff of any County, or in the Absence of the Lord Lieutenant and Vice Lieutenant and Sheriff of any County, for any Two Justices of the Peace, and One Deputy Lieutenant, to call out and a(semble the Local Militia, or any Part of the Local Militia of any Comity, for the Suppression of any Riots or Tumults in Rich County, or in any adjoining County, and every Person then inrolled in the Local Militia so called out as aforesaid, who shall not appear and join his Regiment within such Time, and at appearing as such Place as shall be specified in any Notice or Notices put upon Churches, Chapels, or other conspicuous Places, or otherwise publickly given, shall be subject to the same Penalties and Forfeitures as are contained in lU'

Acts relating to the Militia for not appearing when the Militia shall be assembled for Training and Exercise:

#ro vided always, that it shall be lawful for any Justice or Deputy Lieutenant to remit the Whole or any Part of any Fine or Penalty incurred for nor appearing, upon Proof that the Person not appearing was prevented by

Absence, or any unavoidable Causes from receiving such Notice, or appealing as aforesaid; and all such Local Such A (fumbling

Militia, when so called out and assembled on Rich vService as aforesaid, shall be deemed to be assembled for TetJ<0, 'ed

Militia to be called out yearly iu be traitK.; !,

for not more than '2s Day: md to march further than tbn.e adjoining bounty.

from on* to another ( ounty Militia ujam gi\inir Notice to (..'omiuatiding Oriicer*.

Penalty for l-tlte Statements to oh'iuu Pevuhliion; double the Penalties on nat appearing.

Tn case of Invafxm, &c. His Majesty imj order die Local Militia to be

Lord Lieutenant, &c. may call out the ixical Militia for the Snp-prelTum of Riots. Penalty on not

Training and Exercise under this Act; and all Provisions relating to the Militia when assembled for Training and Exercise shall apply to the Local Militia called , Qtit upon such Service as aforesaid, and all Days of such Service shall be deemed Part of the Days of Training and Exercise under this Ac\: Prmided alwavN that when any Local Militia shall be so called out as aforesaid, the same shall be immediately notified to One of ITs Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for His Majesty's Approbation thereof: Provided also, that no such Local Militia shall be liable to be kept assembled upon any such Sendee for any longer Period than Fourteen Days to inaay One Year; and if any such Service shall arise after any such Local Militia shall have been trained and in One exercised for the full Period of Twenty-eight Days in Rich Year, then and in Rich Case the Days of such Year.

Service shall be deemed Part of the Days of Training and Exercising of the Ricceeding Y'ear.

XLII. And Ic it further enacted, That whenever the Local Militia shall be assembled in Time of Wai\ for tie Purpose of Training and Exercising, or for the Suppression of Riots or Tumults within their own or any 48 Geo. III.^X nd'2ccr>t

as Part of die

Time for

Training, and be. notified to Secretary of State; and (1 all not continue more than 14

Local MiVui* assembled in Tiuae of War

5*8 '

shall b* fulijpft to the Mutiny Act*

£oca! Militia

entitled to the fame Bay, &c. as the Regular Militia.

Wives and

1 ami lies of Local Militia Meu entitled to Relief as those of Volunteers utuler .41 G. a. c. 3.1.

local Milira Men may enlist (rKcept iluring r! r.iini'ig) in Army, Na\y, Marines, or Militia.

Vacancies shall be fupf lied as in o*l\er C ases.

No Sufye ifion in Ballot for Vacancies in 1-roeal Militia.

Counties, !vc. ful>jeeft to a Fine ufi 1 3l. fir each Man deficient < n 14 Feb. yearly.

Return of Part of Fine for Men enrolled within cel tain Bcriods.

Commandants of Regiments fha I annnaMy tratdmit Cen.ficafes of 1>< fieicneies to {Quarter Sessions, nbo shall alfif fs 1 31, for each; and re*urn sue!\ Atf-Ibni nt into tile Fxiheeuer.

Penalties fit ill he paid into the Bank, out of which B< unlit s, &c. shall he paid.

If the Bounties frail exceed the Fines paid into the Bank, ilte iciuy shall bf imde good out o( the County Rates.

C.iii. 48° GEORGII IIP. A.D. 1808.

adjacent County, all Persons serving In the said Militia-shall be subjected to all the Provision^contained in any Act of Parliament which shall be then in force for Prevention of Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and the Articles of War made in pursuance thereof; and all the Provisiona contained in every such Act and Articles of War shall be in force with respect to them, and shall extend to all the Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, and Private Men so assembled as aforesaid, in all Cases whatsoever.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Local Militia, when not drawn outand embodied as aforesaid, shall be entitled to the fame Pay, Clothing, and Allowances, as the regular Militia are entitled to when not embodied; and when drawn out and embodied as aforesaid, shall be entitled to the fame Pay, Clothing, and Allowances, for themselves and Families, according to their respective Ranks, as His Majesty's other Militia Forces when drawn out and embodied.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Corps of Local Militia shall be assembled for the Purpose of Ex ere if..', all Persons enrolled therein, who shall join on such assembling, and shall have Families unable to support themselves, shall, during the Period of their being so assembled as aforesaid, be entitled to such and the like Relief to their Wives and Families, and under such and the like Circumstances, and subject to the fame Regulations and Provisions as any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers are entitled to for their Wives and Families under an Act passed in the Forty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to eonfoltdate and amend the Prov'fons of the several slds relating to Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers in Great Britain, and to mah'further Regulations relating thereto*

XLV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person ballotted or enrolled to serve or fervi y; in the Local Militia under this Act, to enliit or enter into His Majesty's Army, Navy, or Marines, or as a Substitute in the Regular Militia of the same County, 'at any Time except during such Portion of the Period of being assembled for the Purpose of annual Training and Exercise as aforesaid under this Act, as His Majesty shall by any Order made in that Behalf prescribe; and the Enlifling or Entry' of every such Man shall be immediately certified by the Officer with whom such Man shall have enlisted or entered, to the Officer commanding the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Local Militia from which such Man shall have enlisted or entered: and all Vacancies arising by any such enlisting or entering as aforesaid, shall be supplied in like Manner as any other Vacancies in the said Local Militia.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Vacancies arising in the Local Militia by such-enlisting as aforesaid, or by Discharge, Absence, Desertion, Death, or Expiration of Service, shall be filled up according to the Provisions of this Act, and the several Acts relating to the Militia, notwithstanding any Sufpcnljonof Ballot for the regular Militia.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That every County, Hundred, or Parish for which the full Number of Men required by any Order of His Majesty under this Act shall not have been ballotted and enrolled before the Fourteenth Day of February succeeding such Order, if given Three Months before such Fourteenth Day of February, or in winch any Deficiencies or Vacancies arising in such Local Militia shall not be filled up before the Fourteenth Day of February after the same shall have arisen, if the same shall have arisen Three Months before such Fourteenth Day of February, shall be subject to a Fine of Fifteen Pounds for every Man remaining deficient.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Parish or Place in which such Fine shall have arisen and in which such Deficiency shall be thereafter supplied, shall be entitled to deduct or have a Return of Two-third Parts of any such Fine of Fifteen Pounds for every Man enrolled before the Fourteenth Day of March1 and One-third Part of every such Fine of Fifteen Pounds for every Man enrolled before the FirllDay of Aprils after any such Fine shall have so arisen as aforesaid.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the respective Commandants of the Regiments of Local Militia in England shall, within Fourteen Days after the Fourteenth Day of February in each Year, transmit to the Justices of the Peace or Magistrates assembled at the several General Quarter Sessions of the Peace held for the respective Counties, at the Quarter Sessions of the Peace next after the First Day of March in each Year, Certificates-of the Number of Men then remaining deficient in their respective Regiments, distinguishing the Period for which such Deficiencies or Vacancies haveexisted, by what Cause occasioned, and for what Ditlrift, Division, or Pari in; and the Justices of the Peace, or the Magi A rates assembled at such Quarter Sessions, shall at such Sessions assess the Penalty of Fifteen Pounds, for each Private Man so certified to be deficient as aforesaid, on such Dill rift, Division, or Parish, in the Quota of wilier, such Deficiency shall have arisen, and such Assessmgnt shall be forthwith returned by the Clerk of the Peace to His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in England.*

L. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, incurred under any of the Provisions of this Act, or of any Act or Acts relating to the Militia made applicable to this Act, shall be paid within Twenty-one Days after the same shall be received, to the Account of the said Paymaster General at the Bank of England, for the Purposes of this Act, and all Bounties and Sums of Money to be paid under this Act for Necessaries, shall be paid out of the Monies Arising from such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as aforementioned.

LI. And be it further enacted, That a separate Account shall be kept of the Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures remitted to the Bunk of England for each County respectively; and if in any County, the Sum of Money advanced under this Act for Payment of any Bounties shall exceed the Ajnount of the Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, paid into the Bank in respect of such County, the Amount of such Deficiency shall be paid and made good out of the County Rate of such County; and it shall be lawful for the Secretary at War to order the Treasnrer of such County from Time to Time to pay the Amount of such Deficiency, and such Treasurer shall thereupon forthwith remit the fame out of the County Rates of such County, to the Account of the Paymaster General at the Bank of England for the Local Militia.

7 C\C\CSLII. Provided

/ LL

48° GEORGII III.

C. hi.

5i9

under this Act fmm iVite*. for Ee-pivinent of Bounties, &o.

Appeal to Quarter SetTion*.

Money tinder litis Act il.all not be retained by Treasurrr, &c.

Snbdivision Clerks may be ordered to pay Bounties, and litai! transmit Account thereof to

LII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Magift rates assembled at any Quarter Session* Quarter Sessions of the Peace of any County in which any such Sums shall have been advanced out of the County aifefsihe

Rate, at any Sessions within Twelve Months after such Advance, to assess such Sum upon the Pari (lies for which the Men to whom such Bounties shall have been paid shall have volunteered; and such Assessment shall be pa, r^ u°^1^ made and levied in like Manner as Pines for any Deficiencies are directed to be levied and recovered; and such respp<fnvc Assessment, when so recovered, shall be paid to the Treasurer of the County, having made such Advance for IViOit*. the Purpose of replacing the same to the County Rate of such County.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall serve under this Act, whose Assessment in Certain my Rate to be made or levied for the Purpose of Repayment of any Bounties, or the Payment of any Fines under Exemptions to this Act, shall be made on any Property not exceeding in annual Value, according to the Valuation on which Brfonsk-rving such Rate shall be made, the Sum of Twenty Pounds, shall be wholly exempt from such Rate; and every such Person, whole A llTe Ament shall be made on any such Property exceeding in annual V*lue as aforesaid, such Sum of Twenty Pounds shall, by reason of such Service, be exempt as to such Property to the Amount of such Sum of Twenty Pounds, and be rated in such Rate only to the Amount by which such Property shall exceed such annual Sum of Twenty Pounds as aforesaid; and if any Person shall think himself Or herself aggrieved by any such Rate as aforesaid, such Person may appeal to the next General or Quarter Sessions, in such Manner as is provided in Gales of Appeal against Rates for the Relief of the Poor.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace to order or direct any Treasurer of a County or Clerk of Subdivision Meetings to retain any Money in his Hmds under this Act; and every Clerk of Subdivision Meetings who shall retain any Money in his Hands for the Space of One Month after the Period within which such Money ought to have been paid to the Bank of England, shall forfeit for any such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds and Treble the Amount of the Money so retained.

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Deputy Lieutenants or Justices of the Peace attending the enrolling and swearing in of any Men under this Act entitled to such Bounty of Two Guineas, and they are hereby required to order and direct the Clerk of their Subdivision to pay any such Bounties out of any Money in his Hands, not remitted under the Provisions of this Act, at such Time, and every such Clerk of Subdivision Meetings paying any such Bounties, shall transmit Accounts thereof at such Periods after the Payment of such Bounties, and in such Form, and with such Particulars as shall be required by Secretary at War. the Secretary at War in that Behalf, on Pain of forfeiting for any Neglect therein the Sum of Fifty Pounds. Penalty sol.

LVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in every Case in which any such Bounties shall become or on (^rtificate nayable, and the Clerk of the Subdivision Meetings, within which the same shall be due, shall not have any of Deputy^Money in his Hands for the Payment thereof, then and in such Case the Deputy Lieutenant or Justice aforesaid,

shall (ign a Certificate thereof, and of the Amount of Bounties so to be paid, and to whom, and for what t|, Srcretaryat Parishes or Places, and the Clerk of the Subdivision Meeting shall forthwith transmit such Certificate to the War, ihetlirk Secretary at War, and draw upon the Paymaster General for the Amount of Bounties specified to be so payable and deficient in such Certificate.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That every Clerk of Subdivision Meetings shall keep an Account in the Form to this Act annexed, marked (A.), or in such other Form as may from Time to Time be directed for that Purpose by the Secretary at War, of all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, from Time to Time received by him, and also of all Sums allowed to any Individuals, Counties, Hundreds, or Parishes, by reason of any*

Fines or Penalties, or Parts of any Fines or Penalties, being remitted under the Provisions of this Act; and the Deputy Lieutenants or Justices attending at the Time of any such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, being thy Secretary at imposed or remitted, or any Two of them, shall and they are hereby required to certify the same to be correct, and the Clerk of Subdivision Meetings shall verify the fame upon Oath, which Oath any One Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace is authorized to administer, and shall transmit to the Secretary at War such Account made up to the Twenty-fourth Day of December in each Year, or to such other Period as the Secretary at War shall direct, or shall, in Default; thereof, forfeit for such Neglect the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Clerk of Subdivision Meetings shall and is hereby required, within Seven Days after the Twenty-fourth Day of March, June, September, and December, respectively in each Year, or oftener if required, to transmit an Account to the Secretary at War for the Time being, of all Sums received by him and remitted to the Bank of England, to the Account of the said Paymaster General for the Purposes of this Act, verified upon Oath before One Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace, which Oath any such Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace is hereby authorized to administer, and made in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (B.\ or such other Form as may from Time to Time be prescribed in that Behalf by the Secretary at War, or shall, in Default thereof, forfeit for such Neglect the Penalty sol Sum of Fifty Pounds.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of Subdivision or other Meetings shall be and is hereby required from Time to Time to transmit Estimates of such Sums as may be required for the Re-payment of Penalties or Parts of Penalties to be remitted under this Act, to the Secretary at War, and the said Clerk of Subdivision or other Meetings shall draw for the Amount thereof, in such Manner as the Secretary at War for the Time being shall direct, and within Twenty-one Days after he shall have received any inch Money, Avail pay the Amount of the Penalties or Part of Penalties so '.emitted, taking Receipts for the fame, and be shall, on or before the Twenty-fourth Day of December in each Year, 'or oftener if required, transmit an Account of such Payments verified upon Oath (which Oath any One Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace is hereby authorized to administer) and made out according to the Form to this Act annexed, marked (C.)» or inch other Formas the Secretary at War shall require and direct.

3X2 LX. And

may draw on the

P.y. master General.

Subdivision Clerks thall transmit an Account of Fines, &c. to

Penally lOOl.

and also Account of Mun<y remitted to the i3ank; on Oa ll.

Like Arcourt* required of KaniMiw of Sum' (or Pav n*uit of Penahea

remitted, and of Payments thereof upon Oath.

C. 11 r.

A.D. 1808.

520

48 GEORGII III.

Bond from Clerks.

Fines shall Ihe apjiiic*! under l)r: l«r o. £>tcre-t*ry of Suit'.

It 1 Formers may have I'art of the IVi till its.

Two Julliees may heir and determine Offences, and irive Judgment Hot Penalties, &c.

Appeal to the General Quarter Sessions.

Penalty On Witnesses not ttleiiding, 5l.

Form of Convictions.

No Certiorari.

Fcrfora having been balloued under 4.1 G. 3. c. «'i. and having found Sublututes, or paid Fines under

LX. And be it further enacted, That every Clerk of Subdivision Meetings shall, if required so to do by the Deputy Lieutenants assembled at any General or Subdivision Meeting, give Security by Bond to His Majesty with Two sufficient Sureties, in such Sums as the Deputy Lieutenants shall fix, for duly accounting for, and remitting all Monies paid into his Hands under the Provisior.fi of this Act.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures incurred by any Officers or Persons concerned in the Execution of this Act, or incurred, paid, or levied under any of the Provisions of this Act, relating to the Default or Enrolment of any Persons under this Act, or to any Persons liable to be ballot ted or enrolled under this Act, or under any of the Provisions relating thereto, or relating to any Deficiencies, shall, after Payment of such Bounties and Sums for Necessaries as aforesaid, go and be applied under any general or particular Order or Orders of One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, in the Discharge of any Ex peaces of balloting, training or exercising under this Act, within the County, Riding, or Place where the same shall arise, or any incidental Expences attending the Execution of this Act within such County, Riding, or Place.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Deputy Lieutenant, together with One Just ice of the Peace, or any Two Julliees of the Peace, before whom any Offence against this Act shall be heard and determined, upon Conviction of the Offender, to adjudge such Part of the Penalty as they shall think fit, (not exceeding One-third Part thereof) to the Person or Persons giving Information of the Offence, upoa which any such Conviction shall take place.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace residing near the Place where any Offence shall be committed against this Act, which subjects the Offender to any pecuniary Penalty for not appearing to be enrolled, or making any false Declaration relative to any Claim of Exemption, or for not continuing in any Volunteer Corps, and transmitting Certificates relative thereto, or for not appearing to lign a Declaration that, he has not insured contrary to the Provisions of this Act, or making a false Declaration relative thereto, or for making a false Declaration relative to receiving any greater Bounty than is allowed by this Act, to hear and determine such Offence at any Time within Six Months after the Offence committed; and such Julliees of the Peace shall, upon any Information exhibited, or Complaint made in that Behalf, summon the Party accused, and also the Witnesses on either Side, and shall examine into the Matter of Fad, and upon due Proof made thereof, either by voluntary Confefilon of the Party, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, give Judgment for the Penalty or Forfeiture as by this Act is directed, and issue their Warrant under their Hands and Seals for the levying any pecuniary Penalties or Forfeitures so adjudged on the Goods of the Offender, and cause Sale to be made thereof, in case they shall not be redeemed within Four Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus, if any, and where the Goods of the Offender cannot be found sufficient to answer the Penalty, commit such Offender to Prison, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Three Months, unless such pecuniary Penalty shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and if any Person or Persons shall find himself or themselves aggrieved by the Judgment of such Julliees, then he or they shall and may, upon giving Security to the Amount or Value of such Penalty and Forfeiture, together with such ColU as shall be awarded in caie such Judgment shall be affirmed, appeal to the Julliees of the Peace at the next General Quarter Sessions for the County, Riding, or Place, who are hereby empowered to summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the fame, and in case the Judgment shall be affirmed, i£ shall be lawful for such Julliees to award the Person or Persons to pay such Costs occasior.ed by such Appeal as to them shall seem meet.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence before such Justices, touching any of the Matters relative to this Act, either on the Part of the Prosecutor or Persons accused, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable Excuse for such his, her, or their Neglect or Refusal, to be allowed of by such Julliees before whom the Prosecution shall be depending, that then every such Person shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, to be levied and paid in such Manner and by such Means as is directed as to the other Penalties.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That the Julliees before whom any Offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall cause the said Conviction to be made out in the Manner and Form following, or in any other Form of Words to the fame Effect, mutatis mutandis (that is to say),

: be it remembered, That on the Day of in the Year of our Lord

1^hi the County of A.B. of was convicted before us C.D. and £. F\

Two of His Majesty's Julliees of the Peace for the said County, residing near the Place where the Offence

was committed: for that the said A.B. on the Day of now lull pad, did,

contrary to the Form of the Statute in that Case made and provided, [hereJhite the Offence agakjl the Acf\ \ < and we do declare and adjudge that the said A.B. hath forfeited the Sum of

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Order or Conviction made in pursuance of this Act, by ar.y Justice of the Peace, shall be removed by Certiorari into any Court whatever, and that no WVit or Certiorari shall fnperfede Execution or other Proceedings upon any inch Order or Conviction, but that Execution and other Proceedings shall be had thereupon, any such Writ or Writs notwithstanding.

LXVII.«And whereas many Persons who have found Substitutes or Daid Fines under an Act, pal, in the

Man-fly mart eftto

--^'iiwii us. wnv* an j iuui 1 u v/i uio UUtWiUUiauui.i^f

LXVII.«And whereas many Persons who have found Substitutes or paid Fines un ' Forty-third Year of the Reign of Hisprcfent Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable His

the speedily completing the Militia of Great Britain, and increasuig the fam?t under certain Limitations end

RijhiiiienSf

48° GEORGII III. C.iii. 521

' Refridionsy and it is just and expedient that such Persons should be relieved / be it therefore enacted, That every Person who shall have been balloted under the said recited Act of the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, and shall have found any Substitute, or paid any Fine for not appearing to be enrolled, or for not finding any Substitute under the said last mentioned Act, and who shall have been ballottedand enrolled under the said Act of the last Session of Parliament, and be now serving in the Militia, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be entitled to, and shall on demand have a full and complete Discharge; and every Person who shall have found any Substitute, or paid any Fine as aforesaid, under the said Act of the Forty-third Yearafore-said, and who Avail have also found any Substitute or paid any Fine under the said Act of the last Session of Parliament, shall be entitled and shall have a Return of the Money paid for finding a Substitute, or the Amount of Fine paid under the said Act of the last Session of Parliament; and it shall be lawful for the Deputy Lieute a its or Justices before whom any such Substitute shall have been enrolled, or any Two of therst, or for any Two Deputy Lieutenants or Justices of the Peace of the Division within which such Fine shall have been paid, : o grant a Certificate of the Amount of the Money so paid for such Substitute or of such Fine as aforesaid, deducing therefrom such Sum of Money as shall have been paid to such Man by any Parish, as Half the Price of a Substitute; and the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish for which such Substitute shall have been found, or in respect of which such Fine shall have been paid, shall, within Seven Days after the Production of such Certificate, pay such Money on Pain of forfeiting for any Negk*6t or Refusal the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

LXVIII. ' And whereas there is no Quota established for the Militia within the Cinque Ports, Two ancient 1 Towns and their Members, ' be it enacted, That the Number of Men to be balloted and enrolled for the Local Militia under this Act, within the Cinque Ports, Two ancient Towns and their Members, shall not exceed such Number as will, in addition to and together with and including the effective Yeomanry and Volunteers then serving within the same, exclusive of Supernumeraries, above the Establilliment of such Corps serving without Pay, who shall have been inrolled therein after the Fiift Day of April last, amount to Two thousand five hundred Men.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as the Number of effective Yeomanry and Volunteers, together with the Number of Local Militia in the Cinque Ports, Two ancient Towns and their Members, shall be below the Quota of Local Militia herein-before established for the fame, it ft mil be lawful Lr His Majesty to order and direct that a Number of Local Militia Men, equal in Amount to such Deficiency, shall be forthwith ballotted and enrolled for the fame under this Act, so that the Number in the Whole of the Local Militia and the effective Yeomanry and Volunteers within the same, shall be equal to the said klt-mentioned Quota so established as aforesaid.

LXX. And be it further enacted, that the Warden of the Cinque Ports, Two ancient Towns and their Members, and in his Absence his Lieutenant or Lieutenants, shall within their respective Jurisdictions put in Execution this Act, and tife and exercise*all the Powers and Authorities contained in the said Act of the Furty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament relating to lading or embodying Men within such Jurisdiction as aforesaid, or any Act relating to the Militia of England % or this Act, for the Puvpose of carrying the fame into Execution, and raising the Men to be provided and raised within their respective Jurisdictions under this Act, and all the Powers, Provisions, Authorities, Pe-r; -ikies, and Forfeiture's contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament, and hereby made applicable to the raising the said Local Militia, or in this Act, shall be in full Force for the Purpose of raising the Local Militia within the Cinque Ports; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXL. Provided also, That it shall be lawful for the said Warden, and the said Mayors, Jurats, Magis-trutis, or Deputy Lieutenants, at a General Meeting to be holden as soon as may be after any Ballot shall have been directed for the raising of any Local Militia within the Cinque Ports, and Lifts shall have been returned far that Purpose, to appoi.it the Number of Men to be raised in pursuance of this Act for each of the said Torts, Two ancient Towns and their Liberties, and the several Members thereof respectivedy; and the Number of Men so apportioned shall be raised, ballotted for, and sworn in, pursuant to the Provisions of this Act.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Mayors, Jurats, or other Magistrates for the Time being, of each of the Cinque Ports, Two ancient Towns and their Liberties, and the several Members thereof, shall and n ay act as Deputy Lieutenants for the Purposes of this Act; and that it shall be Lawful for the Warden of the said Cinque Ports, Two ancient Towms and their Members, to appoint any other Persons qualified in the Manner directed by an Act made in the Forty-second Year of His present Majesty*8 Reign, intituled, An Act for amen cling the Lilacs relating to the Militia in England, and for augmenting the Militia*to act in like Manner as Deputy Lieutenants within the same: Provided always, that the said Warden may, with the Concurrence of any Meeting of Deputy Lieutenants, authorize the said Mayors, Jurats, and Magistrates, or Deputy Lieutenants, wfithin such Ports, Towns, Liberties, and Members, to issue their Orders to the respective Constables within the same, to return within a limited Time I Jits of all Persons liable to serve in the Local Militia for such Port, Town, Liberty, and Member reflectively, in the Manner required by this Act, and by the said Abt of the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or any Act relating to the Militia of England^ and may appoint such Times as may appear to him to be necessary and proper for the Returns and Notices to be made and given, conformably to the Directions of the said recited Act and this Abt; and for the holding other Meetings, and doing all Acts, Matters, and Things, which may be necessary for carrying this Act into Execution within the Cinque Ports.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That a Local Militia shall be ballotted and enrolled from among the Tinners or Miners of the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, in like Manner and to such Amount in relation to the Quota of Regular Militia for flic said Tinners and Miners, as is by this Abt directed in rclatioato Counties; £ud such Local Militia shall be raised under the Provisions of this Act.

6 LXXIV. And that Act, if

serving in the Militia under 47 G.a.Seff- 1. c. 71. shall be entitled to their Discharge: and Pr rfoiis having found SublVituteS or paid Fines under both Acts, -shall have a Return of their Money paid order 47 G. 3.

Xumber of Local Militia to be ballot led and envol'cd within the Cinque Ports, N.C. 23Q0.

When there shall be a Deficiency hi the Number, His Majesty may order it to lie ballotted lor.

Warden of the Cinque Ports, &t\ shall put this A-t in Execution.

Warden, shall appoint the Number of Men to be raised for each of the Ports, &c-

Mayors, &c. of the Cinque Ports, &c. may aid a* Deputy Lieutenants, anj the Warden may appoint other qualified PerfoM to act, Nc.

Local Militia shall be ballotted from the Miners of Cornwall and Devon.

WiTtlen of Stannaries, by Order of Ills

M.iiti'Jy, y\ j< uv«- all Matters to be Worn* t nu lling the Tinners.

Powers of 42 G. 3. C. 7-2. extended to this Act.

Local Militia iltall he ballotted and enrolled in the Tower Hamlets.

Powers of 37 G. 3. c. 25 and 75.; and 43 G. 3. c. 82. &c. extended to this Act.

This A A shall Hot repeal 37G. 3. c. 2f> & 75. except as to new Fines, &c. Provisions relating to Counties extended to Ridings, and relating to Hundreds extended to Rapes, &c. Powers given to Constables extended to Tythingracn, &c.

Penally on false 0*ih, Perjury.

C.hi. 48' GEORGII III. A.D. 180S.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Warden of the Stannaries in Great Britain shall respectively, in obedience to His Majesty's Orders to be issued for that Purpose, - which His Majesty is hereby empowered to issue, procure all Matters to be done touching the Tinners of the Counties of Devon and Cornwallaccording to the Customs of the Stannaries and Privileges of the Working Tinners, as are hereby or by any Act or Acts relating to the Tinners or Miners of Cornwall, or to the Militia, required to be done by the Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants aforesaid, touching other Persons residing in the said Counties of Devon and Cornwall not entitled to the Benefit of such Privileges; and such Warden, Special Deputy Warden*, and other Officers of the Stannaries, shall have such and the like Powers and Authorities to do and execute all and every' the Matters and Things which shall be so required to be done as aforesaid, as the Lieutenants and Deputy Lieu* tenants of the several Counties have for so doing the several Matters and Things hereby required to be aone by them respectively.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That dll and every the Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Matters, and Things contained in an Act passed in the Forty second Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing an Act made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for raising a Body of Miners in the Counties ©/"Cornwall and Devon, for the Defence of the Kingdom during the present War, and for the more effectually raifng and regulating a Body of Miners for the Defence of Great Britain, relative to raising and regulating a Body of Miners within the Stannaries, in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, shall, in all Cases in which other Provisions are not made by this Act, be applied, practised, and put in force, in all Respects, for raising the Local Militia Men to be raised out of the Tinners and Miners within the said Stannaries under this Act, as fully and effectually as if the said Act and this Act were consolidated into one Ad.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That a permanent Local Militia shall be ballotted and enrolled under this Act in the Tower Hamlets and Liberties of the Tower, not exceeding such Number of Men as will, in addition to, and including and together with the effectice Volunteers serving in and for the Tower Hamlet* and Liberty of the Tower, exclusive of Supernumeraries above the Establishment of any such Corps serving without Pay, who shall have been enrolled therein after the First Day of April last, amount to Six Times the Amount of the Quota of the original Militia of the Tower Hamlets; and such Local Militia shall be ballotted and enrolled at such Periods as His Majesty shall by any such Warrant as aforesaid, direct; and all and every the Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Matters, and Things* contained in Two Acts made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or in any other Act or Acts relative to raising the Militia of the Tower Hamlets and Liberty of the Tower, together with all Clauses, Powers, Provisions, and Authorities contained in an Act made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty more ejftftually to raise and assemble in England an additional Military Force for the better Defence and Security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous Prosecution of the War, for raising the Men to be raised therein under that Ad, shall be applied, practised, and put in force in all Respects, for raising the Men to be raised therein under this Act, as fully and effectually as if the said Acts and this Act were consolidated into one Ad.

LXXVII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to repeal any of the Provisions of the said Two recited Acts of the Thirty-seventh Year aforesaid, other than as any new and additional Fines, Penalties, and Powers in this Act contained may be applicable and necessary for the raising the Men by this Act directed to be raised in the Tower Hamlets,

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Provisions, Directions, Clauses, Matters, and Thing* whatever in this Act contained, relating to Counties, shall extend and be construed to extend to all Ridings, Shires, Divisions, Cities, and Places; and all Provisions, Directions, Clauses, Matters, and Things in this Act contained, relating to Hundreds, shall extend and be construed to extend to all Rapes, Laths, Wapentakes, and other Divisions in or of any such County, Riding, Division, Shire, City, or Place 5 and all Provisions, Directions, Clauses, Matters, and Things in this Act contained relating to Parishes, shall extend and be construed to extend to all Township, Tythings, and Places, and to all Extra-parochial Places united therewith, for the Purposes of any Ad relating to the Militia 5 and all Powers by this Act given to any Constable shall extend to all Tythingmen, Headboroughs, Peace Officers, and other Persons arcing as Con-ffables in any Counties, Hundreds, Parishes, and Places in which there shall be no Constable, as fully and amply as if they were severally and respectively repeated in every such Provision, Direction, and Clause, and with relation to every such Matter or Thing.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That any Person taking a false Oath in any Case when an Oath i* required to be taken by this Act, shall be deemed guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, and being thereof duly convicted, be liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Laws now in force, any Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

4# Act may be altered or repealed this Session. §80.*

SCHEDULES

AIXi8o&. 48° GEORGII III. C.m. 523

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers. SCHEDULE (A.)

ACCOUNT of PENALTIES imposed and remitted by the Lieutenancy.

Date when imposed. Name of Person. Penalty at 30l. for Persons worth more than 200l. per Annum. Penalty at 20l. for Persons worth more than 1001. and not exceeding 200l. per Annum. Penalty at 10 /. for Persons worth less than 100l. per Annum. Remittance of Fines and Penalties allowed by the lieutenancy. Net Sum imposed. REMARKS.

Deficiency in the Subdivision of in the County of as per Return herewith annexed

signed by the Commandant, dated the being Men at £. per Man, £. paid to the

Clerk of Subdivision Meetings for on the

We do hereby certify that the above Account is truly and justly stated to the best of our Knowledge and Belief.

- Deputy LieutenanR

--; — Magistrate.

SCHEDULE (B.)

QUARTERLY ACCOUNT of the Clerk of Subdivision Meetings.

Dr - - - Contra - - - C

Date when received. Name of PeTfun fined. Penalty at 30 /. for Persons worth more than 200 1. per Annum. Penalty at 20l. for Persona worth more than 100l. and not exceeding200l. per Annum. Penalty at 10l. for Persons worth lets than 100l. per Annum. Amount of each Penalty. Date when remitted. Amount of each - Remittance.

r By Remittance to the Bank of England. Do. - Do.

I hereby certify upon Oath, that the foregoing is a just and true Account Sworn before me on the of all Sums received by me as Clerk of the Subdivision Meetings of the

Day of 180 County of between the Day of and the

Day of to the best of my Knowledge and Belief.

- Deputy Lieutenant or Justice.

- Signature.

- Clerk of the Subdivision of the County of

SCHEDULE (C.)

Clerk of Subdivision Meetings on Account for PENALTIES remitted by the Lieutenancy.

Dr - v - - - Contra - - - Cf

Date of BUI. In whose Favour drawn. Amount of each Bill. Date of Payment. Name of Person whose Fine has been remitted. No. of Receipt. Amount.

1 1 i

Sworn before me the Day of 180

>*1 -» Deputy.Lieutenant or Justice*.

4S° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1808.

524. C. 112 — 114.

Grand Julies in Ireland may appoint

Commi dinners to foil or exchange JVemifes that have been ufod for Court Houses, Gaols, &ic.

Quiet. Possession for Sixty Years deemed a good Tide.

Cap. cxir.

An Act for raising the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds by Treasury Bills for the Service of Ireland for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight.

[30th June 1808.]

CAP. CXIII.

An Act to empower Grand Juries in Ireland, (or Persons appointed by them, ) to sell or exchange Ground that has been occupied by old Court Houses, Gaols* or County Infirmaries, and the Materials thereon.

[30th June 1808.]

WHEREAS new Court Houses, Gaols, and County Infirmaries have been built, or may hereafter be

built in many Counties in Ireland, and it is necessary to enable Grand Juries to dispose of the Ground

on which such old Court Houses, Gaols, and County Infirmaries (land, and of any Buildings or Materials

thereon, and to grant a sufficient Title thereto: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may been acted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in all Cases, where the Grand Jury of any County or County of a City, or County of a Town, shall have procured Ground to build or erect a new Court House, Gaol, or County Infirmary, and that the fame is completed and in Use, and that such Grand Jury shall conceive it expedient to fell, exchange, or trtherwife dispose of the Land occupied by or in any way appertaining to such old Court House, Gaol, or County'Infirmary, or any Building thereon, in any County or County of a City or County of a Town in Ireland, it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury, at any Assizes for any such County, or any County of a City, or County of a Town in which such old Court House, Gaol, or County Infirmary is situated, to appoint and nominate any Number of Persons not less than Five, as Commissioners to fell, exchange, or othei-wife dispose of any such Ground, or of any Building or Materials thereon; and such Commissioners or any Three of them so appointed, shall have full Power to fell by Auction, to exchange, or otherwise dispose of any such Ground, or any Building thereon, or to dispose of separately or together of any Timber, Slates, Stones, Bricks, or other Materials thereon, and to make Contrafts and Agreements for and concerning the same, to sign Leases or Deeds conveying the fame, and to do all Matters and Things requisite for carrying such Agreements into due Execution for and on behalf of such County, County of a City, or County of a Town, such Agreement nevertheless, and the Leases and Deeds conveying the fame, to be laid before the Grand Jury at the following Affixes, and if approved of by such Grand Jury, the Foreman is to affix his Name thereto, and the

i Money arising from such Sale of such Ground or Materials shall be paid to the Treasurer of such County, County of a City, or County of a Town, and by him placed to the Credit of the County at large, and may be disposed of by the Grand Jury for or in Aid of any new Court House, Gaol, or County Infirmary, or in such other Manner as by Law they shall be entitled, for the general Advantage of such County, or County of a City, or County of a Town at large.

II. 4 And whereas in many Cases there is much Difficulty in making out a Title to Grounds that have been

so occupied by such old Court Houses, Gaols, and County Infirmaries, although there has not appeared any

Claimant thereto for many Years; be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Ground, or any Buildings thereon, that has been occupied as aforesaid, for Sixty Years and upwards, in a peaceable and quiet Manner and without any Claimant on Record in any Court of Law, such peaceable and quiet Possession for Sixty Years shall be considered as a good and valid Title; and such Commissioners so appointed as aforesaid, or any Three of them, shall have full Power and Authority to convey the Interest, Fee, and Inheritance thereof in as large and as ample a Manner as the fame was held and enjoyed by the County; and such Conveyance by Deed, Lease, or other Instrument signed by such Commissioners, or any Three of them, and approved of by the Grand Jury as aforesaid, shall be deemed, taken, and considered as a good, sufficient, and valid Title in Law, said Grand Jury nevertheless being first satisfied as to the due Payment of the Purchase Money to the Treasurer as aforesaid, or as to any other valuable Consideration that may have been agreed for thereto; and it shall and may be lawful for such Grand Jury to grant a Presentment for all reasonable Expences attending the Disposal and Conveyance of such Ground and Materials.

CAP. CXIV.

An Act for raising the Sum of Six Millions, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight.

[30th June 1808.]

u Treasury may raise 6, 000, 000l. by Exchequer Bills, as under Chapter 1. of this Session. §1, 2. Payable u out of the First Supplies in the next Session. §3. Interest 3-V. per Cent, per Diem. $ 4. Such Exchequer u Bills shall be current at the Exchequer, &c. after April 5, 1809. $ 5. Bank of England may advauee* 6, 000, 000l. on the Credit of this Act. §6S*

III.

A.D. 1808. 4S0' GEORGII

C*15>^x, 6»

CAP. CXV.

An Act to grant to His Majesty Countervailing Duties on Spirits imported into Ireland from Scotland; and to allow Equivalent Drawbacks on Spirits exported from Ireland to Scotland.

[30th June 1808.']

Must Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS it is expedient, pursuant to the Provisions of the Acts for the Union of Great Britain

VI and Ireland, that, in respect of the Duties imposed upon Malt and Sugar and Spirits made therefrom respectively in Ireland, Duties should be charged on Spirits imported into Ireland from Scotland, sufficient to countervail the said Duties on Malt and Spirits made in Ireland: May it therefore plt-afe Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this pvefent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, there shall be raised, granted, levied, collected, and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, upon all Spirits imported into Ireland from any Part of Scotland, the several Countervailing Duties following, in lieu and full Satisfaction of all Countervailing Duties whatever payable on such Spirits, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland immediately before the passing of this Act; that is to say,

For and upon every Gallon of Spirits distilled from Sugar, and imported into Ireland from any Part of Scotland, a Countervailing Duty of Eight Shillings and Five-pence Britf/b Currency:

And for and upon every' Gallon of all other Spirits (not being Foreign Spirits), imported into Ireland, from any Part of Scotland, a Countervailing Duty of Five Shillings and Eight-pence British Currency.

II. And be it further enacted, That on the Exportation from Ireland to any Part of Scotland, of any Spirits for or in lefpeft of which the internal Duties imposed by any Act made or to be made in this present Session of Parliament, shall have been fully paid and satisfied in Ireland, there shall respectively be allowed and paid a Drawback equal in Amount to the respective Countervailing Duties, by this Act granted on the like Spirits respectively, imported into Ireland from Scotland, in lieu of all Drawbacks payable in respect of such Spirits exported from Ireland to Scotland, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, inv. ediatcly before the passing of this Act.

Duties and Drawbacks shall be levied and allowed as former Countervailing Duties and Drawbacks. §3."

Cap. cxvr.

An Act for granting to His Majesty Rates of Postage on the Conveyance of Letters and Packets to and from the Island of Madeira, and to and from the Portuguese Territories on the Continent of South America.

[30th June 1808.]

WHEREAS it may he expedient for the Benefit of Commerce and Correspondence to establish One or more Packet Boats between the Port of Falmouth, in the County of Cornwall, or such other Port in this Kingdom, as His Majesty's Post-master General shall appoint, and the Island of Madeira and Braz.il, or other of the Territories and Possessions of the Crown of Portugal on the Continent of South America, in lieu of the Packet Boats lately employed between Great Britain and the Kingdom of Portugal; Be it therefore fnafted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Sp: ritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Establishment of Packet Boats between this Kingdom and the Island of Madeira, and between any of the Pertuguefe Territories on the Continent of South America, it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty's Post-master General and his Deputy and Deputies by him thereunto authorized, for the U(e of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successbis, to demand, have, receive, and take for the Port and Conveyance of all and every the Letters and Packets that shall be carried or conveyed by Packet Boats from or to the Port of Falmouth aforesaid, or from or to any other convenient Port in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, to or from the Island of Madeira, and to or from Brazil, or any of the Territories and Poflt(lions of the Crown of Portugal, on the Continent of South America, over and above all other Rates payable for Conveyance of such Letters and Packets .vithin the said United Kingdom, a Packet Postage according to the Rates and Sums in Sterling Money herein after mentioned; that is to lay,

For the Pert and Conveyance of every Single Letter to or from the Island of Madeira, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence:

For every Doubie Letter Three Shillings:

For every Treble Letter Four Shillings and Sixpence:

And for every Ounce Six Shillings; and so in proportion for every Packet of greater Weight than aa Ounce:

And for the Port and Conveyance of every Single Letter to or from Brazil, or any other the Territories and Possessions of the Crown ot Portugal on the Continent oi South America, the Sum of Two Shillings and Five-pence:

Fof every Double Letter Four Shillings and Ten-pence:

For every Treble Letter Seven Shillings and Three-pence:

And for every Ounce Nine Shillings and Eight-pence j and so in proportion for every Packet of greater Weight than an Ounce.

52S

Count rTcailing Duties on Spirit* imported into Ireland from Scotland, vi/. per Gallon:

Su£ar Spirits 8s. 5d.

Other Spirits snot Wring, Foreign) 3s. 8d. Equivalent Drawbacks Qn Spirits exported front Ireland to Scotland.

A Postage

according so (streified Rates may be tak'-n for Letters and Packets conveyed by Packet Itoau from or to any Port in the Vuity d Kingdom tt» «rr from Madeira, Brazil, &c.

Rates.

48 Geo. III.

3V

5 26

C.i16 — i18.

48° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1808.

Foweri of alJ other

Trhiiv^ to the Foil Oihee eM*nJcd to this Act.

Former Duties of K: \< ife on Silks aiu! Drawback to case.

Ficw Duties. Br.tiih Silks.

Irish Silks.

Kew Diawbtcks.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the ERabliftiment of Packet Boats for the Purpose* aforesaid, all and every the Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Disabilities, Penalties, and Methods for Recovery of the fame, and all other Matters and Things contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Poll Owce, dial] extend and be deemed and construed to extend to Letters and Packets to be conveyed between the said United Kingdom and the Island of Madeira, and other the said Territories and Possessioas of the Crown of Portugal.

" Money arising by the Rates shall be carried to the Consolidated Fund. §3. General KTue — Treble Costs. {4."

C A 1\ CXVII.

An Act for repealing the Duties upon Silks painted and Rained, and for granting other Duties in lieu the Tcot.

[30th June 1808.]

WHEREAS certain Duties of Excise are payable on Silks, printed, painted, Rained, or dyed, in Great

4 \ T Britain, and on frish printed, painted, Rained, or dyed Silks, and Silk Handkerchiefs, and a Drawback is allowrd thereupon; and it is expedient to repeal the fame, and to grant other Duties and a Drawback in lieu thereof* Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all and singular the said Duties a id Drawback shall ceale and determine and be no longer paid or payable, favc and except in all Cases relating to the recovering, allowing, or paying, any Arrears thereof respectively which may remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture relating thereto respectively, which Riall before that Time have been incurred; and that, from and after the passing of this Act, in lieu and ir.Read of the said Duties hereby repealed, there Riall be mi fed, levied, collected, and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, over and above the Duties payable upon the Importation of Silk, the several Duties of Excise herein after respectively mentioned; that is to say,

For every Yard Square of Silks of whatever Kind, or by whatever Denomination the same are or may be called or known, which shall be printed, Rained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain (except such Silks as shall be dyed throughout of Or.e Colour only) the Sum of Sixpence, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity than a Yard Square of such .Silks:

And for every Yard Square of Irish printed, Rained, painted, or dyed Silks, of whatever Kind, or by whatever Denomination the same are or may be called or known, (except such Irish Silks as shall be dyed throughout of One Colour only, ) which shall be imported from Ireland into Great Britain, the Sum of Sixpence, and so in proportion for any greater or ItTs Quantity than a Yard Square of Rich Silks:

And that in lieu and instead of the Drawback hereby repealed there Riall be made, allowed, and paid the Drawback hcivin-after mentioned; that is to say,

For Silks of whatever Kind or by whatever Denomination the same are or may be called or known, printed. Rained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, for which the Duties imposed for or in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, a Drawback of all the Duties which Riall have been paid thereon.

" Powers of former Acts extended to this Act for levying the Duties, and allowing the Drawbacks. $ 2."

CAP. CXVIII.

An Act to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain, for a limited Time.

' [30th June 1808.]

WHEREAS it is expedient, under the present Circumstances of Interruption in the Importation of Foreign Corn, to prohibit throughout the United Kingdom all Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain, for a Time to be limited, and to enable His Majesty, by Proclamation, if He Riuil judge it for the*Benefit and Advantage of His Kingdom, either to terminate or further continue such Prohibition for a Time to be limited/ &c.

From 20 June 1808, Distillation of Spirits from Grain prohibited throughout the United Kingdom, till 44 31 December 1808. § I. After October I, 1808, His Majesty, by Proclamation, &c. may permit the Distillation of Spirits from Grain (except Wheat); — or His Majesty may continue the Prohibition from December 31, until 40 Da)s after the next Meeting of Parliament. §2. Penalty for using Grain forDiftish- tion during the Prohibition, £00l. §3. DiRiilers taking into their Custody, during the Prohibition, Grain which Riall have been ground, except Mu.lt not exceeding Two Quarters, or Wheat Meal or Flour not exceeding One Sack of Five Bushels, Riall forfeit 500l. and the Grain. §4. DiRiilers may have in their 44 CuRody ground Barley, &c. at any Time within Twenty Days of the Expiration of the Prohibition.

41 Exemption for DiRiilers who are also Millers. §6. Commissioners of Excise in Scotland may make Allow- ances to Persons who have taken out Licences for working Stills there. §7. Contracts for supplying Spirits to be delivered during the Operation of the Act, declared void. §8. Fines and Penalties may be levied and applied, as under former Laws of Excise. $ 9."

A.D. 1808.

48° GEORGII III.

527

C. 119, 120.

CAP. CXIX.

An Act for regulating the charging of the Duty on Spirits imported into Great Britain, according to the Strength thereof.

[30th June 1808.]

WHEREAS by several Acts of Parliament in force, at and immediately before the passing of this Act,

certain Duties of Excise are imposed on all Single Rum, Brandy, Spirits, Aqua Vitse, and Strong Waters imported into Great Britain, and certain other Duties on the like Articles so imported above Proof:

And whereas it has been the Practice of the Officers and other Persons employed in the Service of the Revenue

of Excise to consider and charge all such Spirits as single or Proof Spirits only, which although above Proof

have upon Examination and Trial been found in any Degree under the Strength of One to Ten over Hydro-

meter Proof, whereby considerable Inequalities and Inconveniencies have arisen in the Charge of Duty upon

such Spirits under different Circumstances: For Remedy w hereof it is expedient to prohibit and discontinue

the said Practice be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of Ju/y One thousand eight hundred and eight, all Sprits'not being

such Rum, Brandy, Spirits, Aqua Vitae, and Strong Waters as aforesaid, not being Irish Spirits, which shall In*li; imported

be or shall have been brought or imported into Great Britain, and for which any Duties of Excise shall be

payable, and which shall be found (by Clarke's Hydrometer, or by any other Hydrometer, which under the p^'j-p°, a]|

Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament shall be directed to be uied for ascertaining the Strength of Spirits) c|lar£retj w* t|lC

to be above the Strength of Proof, shall be considered, deemed, and taken to be Spirits above Proof, and shall Duties of Excise

bt charged with the Duties of Excise accordingly, without any Deduction, Allowance, or Abatement whatso- accordingly.

ever, any Law, Practice, or Usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any such Rum, Brandy, Spirits, Aqua Vitae, Spirits, if fairly or Strong Waters (not being Irish Spirits), shall be fairly and regularly imported, and that no Artifice, Means, imported, shall be or Contrivance, shall be used or employed, either by sweetening the fame, or otherwise., whereby the Officers jliaij»ed of Excise maybe deceived or imposed upon, in respect of the true Strength thereof, then it shall and may be ami

lawful to and tortile said Officers to charge such Rum, Brandy, Spirits, Aqua Vita?, and Strong Waters, with father in Duty as Single Spirits, and also with a further Duty in proportion to the Degree of Strength in which such proportion to tlw Spirits shall be above Proof; any Thing in this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary not- actual Stream, withstanding.

41 British Colonial Spirits shall not be subject to Regulations of this Act till after January 5, 1809. i 3."

CAP. CXX.

An Act for reducing the Excise Duties on Coffee imported into Great Britain, and for directing that Coffice and Cocoa warehoused shall be subject to the Regulations of an Act of the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for permitting certain Goods imported to be-secured in Warehouses.

[30th June 1808.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to repea^ 43 G. 3.

4 V ? the Duties of Excise payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof\ and by another Act passed in the forty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His 45 G. 3. c.OO. 4 Mdj.jly several additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain, certain Duties of Excise arc imposed upon Coffee imported into Great Britain: And whereas for encouraging the Consumption of Coffee of the Growth and Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, or which shall be imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, it is expedient to repeal the said Duties on Coffee, and to itnpose other and lesser Duties in lieu thereof* Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Mujftty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament a (Tumbled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and eight, all and singulai* the Duties of Excise on Coflee imported into Great Britain shall cease and determine and he no longer pain or payable, save and except in all Cases relating to the recovering or paying any Arrears thereof respectively, which shall at any Time remain unpaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That in lieu and in (lead of the Duties hereby repealed, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the following Rates and Duties; that is to say,

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Coffee, of the Growth or Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in America, an Excise Duty of Three-pence:

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Coffee imported into Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eofl In, tits, or in Ships licensed by the faiti Company to trade within the Limits of their Charter, an Excise Duty of Sixpence:

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all other Coffee an Excise Duty of Two Shillings.

III. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Duties by this Act imposed shall be chargeable and charged and payable and paid for and in respect of all Coffee which shall be imported into Great Britain on or after the said Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and eight; or which having been previously so lPor, #'d &f'cr imported shall, on or after the said Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and eight* be taken or &c'10# 180#r

3 Y 3 delivered

From TO.

1 soS, tlu* Duties of Excise on Coflee e> ot afe^ cx> ej<t Arrears

New Bulks.

Duties shall be payable on Coffee

48° GEORGII III.

528

Coffee may be imported in Packages of lOOlbs.

Coffee and Cocca Nuts may be warehoused under 43 G. 3. c. 13 5. notwithstanding

10G. 1. c. 10.

Cocoa Nuts or Coffee may be exported from Warehouse Duty-free, except under 48 G. 3. C. 20.

Coffee and Cocoa Nuts intended for Exportation shall be shipped in Pre fence of the proper Officer, &c.

43 G. 8# c. 68.

From O&. 10,

1H08, Duties of Customs on Coffee imported and taken out of Warehouse for Home Confurrtp-tiou shall cease.

C. 120, 121.

A.D. 1808.

delivered for Home Consumption out of any Warehouse in which the same shall be or shall have been lodged or deposited under the Locks of the Officers of Customs or Excise, or either of them.

" Duties shall be under Management of the Commissioners of Excise. §4."

V.*And whereas it is expedient to allow Cofve to be imported into and exported from Great Britain in Packages of One hundred Pounds; be it tiictefore emitted. That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful to import into and expect from Great Britain any Coffee in Packages, containing not less than One hundred Pounds Avoirdupois 5 any Thing in this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

Duties shall be levied as former Duties. §6. Duties shall be paid into the Exchequer. $ 7.*

VIII. 4 And whereas Doubts have nrifen whether, notwithstanding the Rules, Regulations, Restricliors, and Provisions relating to Costee and Cocoa contained, provided, settled, and established in and by an Act made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for permitting certain Goods imported into Great Britain to he ft cured in IVarehouse without Payment of Duty, Coffee arid Cocoa Nuts imported may not he carried to and put into Warehouses under the Rules and Regulations of an Att made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repealing certain Duties therein mentioned pay alia upon Co fee, Tea, Cocoa Truls, Chocolate, and Cocoa Pajls imported, and for granting certain Inland Duties in lieu thereof; and for prohibiting the Importation of Chocolate ready made and Cocoa Pafle; and for letter ascertaining the Duties payable upon Coffee, Tea, and Cocoa Nuts imported; and for granting Relief to Robert Dalzell late Earl of Carnwath: Now, to obviate and remove all such Doubts, be it declared and enacted, That under and by virtue of the said Att made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, all Coffee and Cocoa Nuts respectively imported into Great Britain ought to be and the fame respectively shall be warehoused under and by virtue of the said hall mentioned Att, and shall be subject and liable to all and Angular the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions contained, provided, settled, or established in or by the said lait mentioned Att so far as the fame can or may be applied to Coffee and Cocoa Nuts respectively imported, and so far as the same are not expressly altered by the Provisions contained in this Att, any Thing in the said Att made in the Tenth Year of His said late Majesty King George the First> or in any Act or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Cocoa Nuts or Coffee, warehoused under the Directions of this Att, shall and may be exported from any such Warehouse without Payment of any Duty of Customs on the Exportation thereof, except such Duty as may be due and payable thereon by virtue and under the Authority of an Act, passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, Duties of Onflows on the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein enumerated, in furtherance of the Provisons of certain Orders in Council.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Coffee and Cocoa Nuts respectively which shall be delivered or taken out of any such Warehouse for Exportation shall forthwith, and without any unncccssary Delay, and in the Presence of the proper Officer of Excise, be carried to and put on beard the Ship or Vessel in which the same are intended to be exported; and in case the fame, or any Part thereof, shall be altered in Quantity* or Quality, after being delivered from or out of the Warehouse, and before the same shall be exported, or shall not be attually put on board such Ship or Vessel, or if the Whole or any Part, thereof shall, after being so shipped* be unshipped or put into any other Ship or Vessel, or into any Boat (Shipwreck or other unavoidable Accident excepted) or shall be relanded in Great Britain, all such Coffee or Cocoa Nuts respectively, the shipping of which shall be so omitted or neglected, or which shall be altered in Quantity or Quality, or shall be unshipped or re-landed, shall, together with the Packages containing the fame, be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

CAP. CXXL

An Act for reducing the Duty of Customs on Coffee imported into Great Britain when taken outrf.

Warehouse for Home Consumption.

[30^1 June j8c8.]

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to repeal the Duties of Customs payable in Great Britain, and to grant ether Duties in litu thereof, and by other Atts passed subsequent thereto, certain Duties of Customs were imposed on Coffee imported into Great Britain, and secured on the Importation thereof in Warehouses under the Conditions required by Law, and which Duties were payable at the Time any such Coffee should be taken out of inch Warehouses for the*Purpose of being con fumed in Great Britain: And whereas it is expedient that the said Duties of Customs so payable should be repealed, and that other Duties of Customs should be granted in lieu thereof be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and eight, the several Duties of Customs on Coffee imported into Great Britain which became payable by virtue of the said first recited Act at the Time any such Coffee should be taken out of the Warehouse in which the fame had been deposited on Importation for the Purpose of being consumed in Great Britain, and also all the additional Imports or Duties upon the Produtt and Amount of the said Duties of Customs on Coffee so payable as aforesaid, shall confe and determine, save and except in all Cases relating to the recovering or paying any Arrears thereof respectively which may on the said Tenth Day of October remain unpaid, or to any Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures relating thereto, which shall

& have

A.D. 1808.

52 9

48° GEORGII III. €.121, 122.

have been incurred at any Time before the said Tenth Day of 0 ft fiber; and that from and after, the said Tenth Fury Day of October, instead and in lieu of the Duties of CuItems hereby made to cease and determine, there shall be l>a lu* raised, levied, collected, and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, upon all Codec imported into Great Britain, or which on or before the said Tenth Day of Odolcr shall have been feemvd, and which shall remain in any Warehouse under the Regulations required by Law, the several Duties of Customs following j that is to say,

For every Pound Weight of Coffee the Sum of Three-pence.

" The per Cer.tage Duties under 43 G. 3. c. 70: 44 G. 3. c. 53: and 46 G. 3. c. 42. shall be paid on the Duty " impoied by this Act. §2. Duties shall not be payable on Coffee warehoused until taken out of Warehouse. $ 3.

" Duties shall be levied and applied as former Duties. §4."

CAP. CXXII.

An Act for vesting all Estates and Property occupied fot the Barrack Service in the Commissioners for the Affairs of Barracks i and for granting certain Powers to the said Commissioners.

[30th June 1808.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, Sin slB 4 ^G.a. c. 69.

1 V^for vejling in the Barrack Majier General for the time being, Estates held or occupied for the Barrack

' Service, and authorising him to sell the same with the Consent of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's

1Treasury: And whereas the Affairs of the Barrack Department are now under the Management of Coin-

' missioners appointed for that Purpose by His Majesty; and it is therefore necessary that all Messuages, Lauds,

i Tenements, and Hereditaments which was by the said Act vested in the Barrack Mailer General, and all

' other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in any Manner used and occupied for the Service

' of the Barrack Department, (hotild be vested in the Commissioners aforesaid; and that the said Commissioners

' Should be enabled to maintain and defend Actions and Suits in relation to all Contrafts made for the Service

'of the Barrack Department, or in any Manner relating thereto Be it therefore enacted by the King's moll

Excellent Majesty, by and udth the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,

in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That immediately from and after the All Proml&a

passing of this Act all Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which were by the said Act vetted i(vr|-t

in the Barrack Mailer General for the Time being; and also all Messuages, Lands, Tenement?, and Heredita- ( opJ'oMs)

merits which have since been purchased or taken by any Person or Persons whatever in Trull for His Majeny,

His Heirs and Successors, for the Service of the Barrack Department, either in Fee or for any Lives, or any r<ritrj

Term of Years or any Idler Interdl; and all Erections and Buildings which now are or which shall be hereafter A<ff, nd all

erected and built thereon, together with the Rights, Members, Easements, and Appurtenances to the fame Prrunli > imee

respectively belonging (other than and except such MdTuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments as may p"r*liaiedor

be of Copyhold Tenure); and from and after the Purchase and Conveyance, Grant or Demise thereof, all 7lrciriI!*<?l'ore

other MdTuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall at any Time or Times hereafter be purchased by the Commissioners for the Affairs of Barracks for the Time being, or by any other Person or Persons Department, shall

by their Order for the Service of the Barrack Department; and all Erections and Buildings which now are or b»- vrfo.il in the

which shall hereafter be erected and built thereon, with the Rights, Members, Easements, and Appurtenances CoiumWTlonew

to the fame respectively belonging, shall be and become and remain and continue vested in the Commissioners for the Affairs of Barracks for the Time being, and their Successors in the said Office, according to the Nature Jor j^s

and Quality, and Effate and Interest of and in the fame Hereditaments and Premises respectively; and that jvfr.ieJtv

upon the Death, Resignation, or Removal of the present Commissioners, or any or either of them, or of any publick Purposes.

future Commissioner or Commissioners, all such Messuages, Hands, Tenements, and Hereditaments respectively

(other than and except as aforesaid) shall become veiled in and be held by the succeeding Commissioners, and

so in perpetual Succession according to the Nature and Quality, and Ellate and Interdl of and in the fame

respectively, in trull for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for the Service of the Barrack Department,

or for such other publick Service or Services as His Majdlv, His Heirs and Successors, shall from Time to Time be pleased to direct.

II. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to veil the said Premises upon other On the fame

Terms with respect to former Proprietors, than those on which the same are now vested in the Person holding £*-n, s " fuc'h the fame in trull for His Majesty.*are now

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Time being, with Co^nmifTtonert the Consent and Approbation of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more wjiK Ccufem of of them, (such Consent and Approbation to be certified by one of the Secretaries to the said Lords Com- Tr< aims mav fell missioners by Writing under his Eland) to sell and dispose of any of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Premia*. Hereditaments which shall be vessel in the said Commissioners for the Time being, with their respective Appurtenances, either by publick Auction or private Contract, and in due Form of Law to convey, assign, and

make over the same to any Person or Persons who shall be willing to purchase the fame respectively, making the Firtl Offer to the Person, his Heirs or Assigns, having adjoining Lands, of whom the fame were fu ll purchased or taken in trull for His Majesty.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Monies to arise and be produced by the Sale of any of the said Fureh-fe Money.Messuages, Lands, 7'enements, or Hereditaments which shall be sold under the Provisions of this present Act, shall hr. paid imo shall be paid by the respective Purchaser or Purchasers thereof into the Bank of England, and shall be there dir Bank, under placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Barracks for the Time being, or to such other Binction oi the Account in the Bank of England, as the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, rt u^'

A.D. 1808.

Commi flion^rs

rhay Kriny anrt defend Actions.

' Commifl*o: vr?, &c. rr.av

adiniuiftu Oaih

Money ftawlir^ in Name of 1 it'll C oinmitncmcr shall, from Time

to Time, lie veiled in new Con^miflioiiers.

TYtfons liav'. iii' lain in I Vito: It r a Year in Execution on luCgmont of any C uurt, wlu-.li' rc/f Htconl or not, fr at.; .* TM>t or Daman's not r\ccecl; n(i 20l.

(< xclusive of

frail 1: 0 dif<i#ai^e»l, on Ajvj>lu.ifi< 11 to tile Cov.iu at \Vef(minlKr in 'J«nr. Tin. c.

Persons fiaUf!: tloi)*W oKia'ru.ii^; Din-liar^e may be re-taim in }Ao n»K.n, &c. Sui ii DiiVLir^o no Efrtpr.

Efriit of 5lie JJeim rs e. diiYhnrvd fi all pimain Katie.

Jl\ct; n NtveKarie*.

C. 1 22, 123. 48° GEORGII III.

or any Three or more of them, shall direct, and the Receipt of any one of the Cashiers of the Bank of England for such Monies shall effectually discharge the Purchaser or Purchasers by whom or on whose Account the fame Hull be so paid into the Bank of England*

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Affairs of Barracks for the Time being, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to bring, prosecute, maintain, or defend any Action or Suit in respect of or in relation to any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments by this Act veiled irr them as aforesaid, or of any Trespass committed thereon, or Damage or Injury done thereto; and also in respect of or in 'elation to any Furniture, Stores, or other Articles, Matters, or Things, or any Goods or Chattels whatever belonging to the Barrack Department or in the Cudody or Charge of, or used by any Officer of the Barrack Department, or Person employed therein; and also for the Breach or Non-performance of any or in respect of or in relation to any Contract or Agreement made by any Person or Persons whatever for the Set vice of the Barrack Department, or any other Matter or Thing relating to any of the Affairs under the Management or Contn ul of the said Commissioners; and in every such Action or Suit, the said Commissioners for the Time being shall be called the Commissioners for the Adairs of Barracks, without naming them or either of them; and ro such Suit shall abate by the Death, Resignation, or Removal of such Commissioners; any Thing in any Vet or A els of Parliament, or Law or Laws to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Accounts or other Matters or Things relating to any Bu finds or ether Subjects or T/an factions under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Barracks fm.ll he refuted to be verified by any Oath or Affidavit of any Person or Persons, it shall be lawful for the said C.nnmiffior.cis of Affairs of Barracks, or any one of them, or any Inspe&or General of Barracks, or A (fill an*.r»fr»e6tor General of Barracks, or for any J nil ice of the Peace or Magistrate to administer an Oath and tab an Affidavit in that Behalf.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Monies which shall at any Time hereafter Hand or remain at the Time of the Death or Resignation or quitting of Office of any First Commissioner of the Affairs of Barracks in the Bank of England in the Name of such First Commissioner, shall forthwith vefl in the other Commissioners, or Commissioner, if no more than one, for the Affairs of Barracks for the Time being; and from and after the Appointment of another Fir (I Commissioner all such Money shall forthwith veil in such First Commissioner, and so from Time to Time in SuccclTion.

Cap. cxxiii:

An Act for the Discharge of Debtors in Execution for small Debts, from Imprisonment in certain

Cases.

[30th June 1808.]

WHEREAS it might tend greatly to the Relief of certain Debtors in Execution for Small Debts, and 4 V \ at the fame Tunc occasion no material Prejudice to Trade and publick Credit if Rich Debtors should,

after a limited Period of Imprisonment, be allowed the Benefit of a Discharge therefrom, the Creditors at whose Suit they were so in Execution being at the same Time authorized to take out other Writs of Execution agair.ft the Land and Goods of such Debtors, or to use other Remedy for the Satisfaction of their Debts, as if the Persons of such Debtors had never been taken in Execution; be it therefore enacted by ttie King's most Excellent M: ijesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, all Persons in Execution upon any Judgment in whatsoever Court the fame may have been obtained, and whether such Court be or be not a Court of Record, for any Debt or Damages not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds, exclusive of the Cods recovered hv such Judgment, and who shall have lain in Prison thereupon for the Space of Twelve successive Calendar Months next before the Vime of their Application to be discharged as herein after mentioned, shall and may, upon his, her, or their Application for that Purpose in Term-time made to feme One of His Majesty's superior Courts of Record at llrjl mi lifter, to the S .trslattion of such Court, he forthwith discharged out of Cudody, as to such Execution by the Rule or Order of such Court: Provided always, that in the Case of any such Application being made to he discharged out of Execution upon a Judgment obtained in any of His Majesty's superior Courts of Record at \Vcjlnun(ler % such Application shall be made to Inch One of those Courts only, wherein such Judgment shall have been obtained, a:; c that whether the Person so in Execution shall then be actually detained in the Gaol or Prison of the lame Court, or shall then (laud committed on Habeas Corpus to the Gaol or Prison of another Court: Provided always, that if it shall happen that any such Discharge fit all have been unduly or fraudulently obtained upon any falie Allegation of CircmndanccS, which if true might have entitled the Prisoner to be discharged by vir ue of this Act, inch Prisoner shall, upon the fame being made appear to the Satisfaction of the Court by. v/hoie Rule or Order the Hid Prisoner had been so discharged, be liable to be again taken in Execution and remanded to his former Cudody by the Rule or Order of the fame Court; Provided also, that no Sheriff, Gaoler, or other Person whatsoever shall be liable as for the Escape of any such Prisoner in respect of his Enlargement during such Time as lie shall have Keen at large, by means of such his undue Discharge as aforesaid: Provided al ways, that for and notwithstanding the Discharge of any Debtor or Debtors by virtue of this Act, the Judgment.whereupon any such Debtor or Debtors was or were taken or charged in Execution, shall never-tb.lcfs Continue arid remain in full Force to all Intents and Purposes, except as to the taking in Execution the Person or Pvvlons of Inch Debtor or Debtors thereupon, as is herein after provided; And that it shall and may be lawful for the Creditor or Creditor, at whose Suit such Debtor or Debtors had been, was, or were so taken or charged in Execution, to take out all such Execution or Executions on every such Judgment against the Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Goods, and Chattels of any such Debtor or Debtors (other than and except the necessary Wearing Apparel and Bedding of and for him, her, or them, and for his, her, or their

Famly'

A.D. 1808. 48° GEORGII III. C. 123-12^.

Family, and the necessary Tools for his, her, or their Trade or Occupation, not exceeding the Value of Tea Pounds in the Whole) j or to bring any fych Action or Actions on any such Judgment against such Debtor or Debtors respectively, or to bring any such Action or use any such Remedy for the Recovery and Satisfaction of his, her, or their Demand, against any other Person or Persons liable to satisfy the fame, in such and the same Manner, but in such and the same Manner only as such Creditor or Creditors otherwise could or might have done in case such Debtor or Debtors had never been taken or charged in Execution upon such Judgment: Provided always, that no Debtor or Debtors who shall oe duly discharged in pursuance of this Act, Hull at any Time afterwards be taken or charged in Execution upon any Judgment herein so as before declared to continue and remain in full Force, nor be arrelled in any Action to be brought on any such Judgment, and that no Proceeding. what foe ver by Scire Facias, Action, or otherwise, shall be maintained or had against the Bail in any Action upon the Judgment, wherein the Defendant or Defendants shall have been charged in Execution, and aiterwavds discharged by virtue of the Provisions gf this Act.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall rot extend or be conllrued to extend to those Parts of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland\ which are commonly called Ireland and Scotland.

CAP. CXXIV.

An Act for continuing the Premiums allowed to Ships employed in the Southern Whale Fishery.

[30th June 1 8co*

M Premiums shall be allowed to Sixteen Ships under Regulations of Acts 35 G. 3. c. 92. and 38 G. 3. c. 57. — 1. " 300l. Premiums for Eight Ships clearing out between 1 January and 31 December 1809, and Two succeeding "Years. §2, (As under >2. of45G.3. r.96.) 4C0l. Premiums for Four other Ships. §3. (As under § yof45 G. 3. " r.96.) Premiums for Ten other Ships, viv. (>ooI. to the First. and 500l. to the other Nine, f 4. ( /Is undir " §4. 0/45 G. 3. c. 96.) Apprentices p rote clod. § f. (As % 5. of 45 G. 3. r.96.) Benefits of Acts 35 M " 38 G. 3. extended to Ships returning from the Fishery to Ports in Ireland. §6. (As §6. of 45 G. 3. c. 96.)

CAP. CXXV.

An Act to permit the Importation of Rice, Grain, and Flour from any Foreign Colonies on the Continent of America into certain Ports in the West Indies, ami to allow certain Articles to be imported from the United States of America into the BritiJlj Provinces in North America, for the Purpose of Exportation to the Brilijl) Ulands in the Wijl Indies.

[30th^////^ 1808.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled*

An Act for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in North 'America, and in the West India Islands, and the Countries belonging to the United S'tates of America, and 'between His Majesty's said Subjects and the Foreign Islands in the West Indies, it is enacted, that it shall and ' may be lawful in certain Cases for any of the Governors of Provinces in British North America, therein 'enumerated, with the Advice and Consent of their respective Councils, to authorize the Importation of certain Articles for a limited Time, from any of the Territories belonging to the United States of America,

for the Supply of the Inhabitants of the said Provinces respectively: And whereas it is expedient that the 1 Importation of such Articles Should be allowed for the Purpose of Supplying other of His Majesty's Colonies ' than are therein mentioned; Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for any of the Governors, Lieutenant Governors, or Commanders in Chief for the Time being, of the Provinces of Nova Scotia or New Brunswick, or of the Hands of Cap: Breton or Sa*nt John's, with the Advice and Consent of their respective Councils, to authorize the Importation of the Articles enumerated in the said recited Act for a limited Time, from any of the Territories of the United States of America, for the Purpose of the fame being re-exported to any other of His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations.

II. ' And whereas it is provided by an Act passed in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign,

intituled, An Act to confAidate and extend the several Laws now in force, for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandise, into apd from certain Ports in the West Indies, that certain ' Articles therein enumerated maybe imported into the several Ports therein named, from Foreign Colonies in the West Indies, and it is expedient that the Permission for such Importation should be extended/ be it enacted, That in addition to the Articles enumerated in the said Act, it shall be lawful to import, under the like Authority, Restrictions, Rules, Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures provided in the said recited Act, the Articles of Rice, Grain of all Sorts, and Flour, from any Colonies or Plantations iu America, belonging to or under the Dominion of any Foreign European Sovereign or State, into any of the Free Ports in Colonies or Plantations belonging to His Majesty in the West Indies, which are particularly named in the said Act, or in another Act passed in the Forty-seventh Year of His Majesty, respecting the Port of Amsterdam in the Island of Cura$oa, in any Foreign Ship, Schooner, or other Foreign Vefll- whatever, not having more than One Deck, and being marined and navigated by Persons inhabiting any of the said Colonic* or Plantations belonging to any Foreign Sovereign or State.

53i

Hut fiirh Debtors lba!l mu be a; rn an*

Action un Inch JutJpnu.i, &c.

Act not fxtentltd to Ir land or

Scotland.

2AG.: j. c. 6.

§ l l — l J.

Governors, &.c of Nova Scotia, ive.

may authorize Inish.rtaiion of Articles under recited Act, for He-exportftUt »u to other Colonies.

43 G. 3. C. 37.

Rife, Grain, and Flour may be inijxjrtecl into any of the Free Forts of the West Indies, Sic. under recited-, and 4? G. 3. ft. 2. c. 34.

A.D. 1808.

532 C. 126, 127.

48° GEORGII III.

C.otSd-, secured in.Wurcljoulvs in the Port of Ixnvlon may he removed, under Order ot'Council, : to any other Port in Great Britain, for Importation in Europe.

Licences requirin' the fc*i; gti Manual of His Majesty, may he granted i»y One of the Secretaries of Slate pursuant - to a ny Order in Council.

Goods may be exported in small Vessels by On It r tin Council.

'Cotumuance of Act.

CAP. CXXVI.

An A cf to permit Goods secured in Warehouses in the Port of London to be removed to the Out-Ports for Exportation to any Part of Europe; for empowering His Majesty to direct that Licences which His Majesty is authorized to grant under His Sign Manual may be granted by One of the Principal Secretaries of S^ate, and for enabling His Majesty to permit the Exportation of Goods in Veil els of less Burthen than are now allowed by Law; during the present Hostilities, and until One Month after the Signature of the Preliminary Articles of Peace.

[30th June 1808.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Goods, Wares, and Merchandize which may have been secured in Warehouses within the Port of London should be permitted to be removed to other Ports in Great Britain for the Purpose of Exportation; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act it lit all and may be lawful for any Person or Persons who shall be desirous of removing any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize which have been or may be secured in Warehouses within the Port of London, under the Regulations lequired by Law, without Payment of the Duty due thereon, to remove any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize for the Purpose of being exported to some Part of Europe, from any Port within Great Britain which His Majesty, by Kis Order in Council, shall from Time to Time think proper to appoint for that Purpose: Provided always, that such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize so removed shall be subject to such Rules, Regulations, Reductions, and Securities as are now by Law required for certain Enjl India prohibited Goods when removed from One Port of Great Britain to another, to be from thence exported to Africa, except with respect to the Size of the Packages which it shall be lawful for His Majesty in Council to lix the Size or Weight of from Time to Time as it may appear to His Majesty in Council to be expedient.

II-And whereas by divers Acts of Parliament and otherwise, His Majesty is authorized to grant*Licences for various Purposes, many of which Licences have usually been, and such Licences as may be granted under the Authority of the said Acts are thereby required to be, under His Majesty's Sign Manual; and it is expedient that His Majesty Should be enabled to direct that all such Licences, as by virtue of the said Acts or otherwise His Majesty may grant under His Sign Manual shall be granted by One of His Principal Secretaries of State, under the Authority of an Order of Council for that Purpose; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty by Order in Council, or by His Royal Proclamation, to dirod that all or any such Licences as by virtue of any Act of Parliament or otherwise His Majesty may lawfully grant under His Sign Manual shall and may be granted by One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, in pursuance of an Order of Council specially authorizing the Grant of such Licence, a Duplicate of which Order shall in all Cases be annexed to such Licence.

III.*And whereas in particular Cases it may be useful to permit Goods, the Exportation of which is now restrained to Ships or Vessels of certain Sizes, to be exported in small Vessels be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty in Council to make such Orders from Time to Time for allowing such Articles as shall appear to Elis Majesty in Council to be necessary to be exported iu Ships or Vessels of a (mailer Burthen than are now allowed by Law.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be in Force during the present Hostilities, and until One Month after the Signature of the Preliminary Articles of Peace.

Murmurs so solemni/ed in ( hapeis ilia 11 be remove*] to

Porish Churche*, Itc. ami thence tntrtfmiffed to file iiiihop.

CAP. CXXVII.

An Act to render valid certain Marriages solemnized in certain Churches and publick Chapels in which Banns had not usually been published before or at the Time of passing an Act made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better preventing of ClatidtJUne Marriages [30th June 1808.]

" Recital of Acts, 26 G. 2. c. 33; 21 G. 3. c. 53; 44 G. 3. c. 77; Marriages solemnized before August 23, 44 1808, in any Church or Chapel in England, Wales % or Berwick) duly consecrated, declared valid, § I. — 44 Ministers who shall have solemnized such Marriages indemnified against Penalties under 26 G. 2. r. 33. — §2* 44 Registers of such Marriages shall be received in Evidence. §3. 44 G. 3. c. 77. § I, 2, 3."3

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Registers of all Marriages solemnized ia any publick Chapels which are hereby enacted to be valid in Law, shall, within Thirty Days next after the said Twenty-third Day of August, One thousand eight hundred and eight, be removed to the Parish Church of the Parish in which such Chapel shall be situated; and in case Inch Chapel shall be situated in an extra-parochial Place, then to the Parish Church next adjoining to such Extra parochial Place, to be kept with the Marriage Registers of such Parish, and in like Manner as Parish Registers are directed to be kept by the said recited Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Second; ai d within Twelve Months after the Removal of such Registers to such Parish Churches respectively, Two Copies thereof respectively shall be transmitted by the respective Churchwardens of such Parishes to the Bishop of the Diocese, or his Chancellor, subscribed by the Hands of the Minister and Churchwardens of such Parishes jespectively, to the end that the lame may be faithfully preserved in the Registry of the said Bishop.

A.D. 1808.

48° GEORGII III.

C. 128, 129. 533

F

CAP. CXXVIII.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Office of Paymaster General, as requires certain Accounts to be examined and settled within certain Periods, by the Secretary at War, and enabling His Majesty to make Orders for examining and settling such Accounts.'[30th June 1808 j

' T^HEPvEAS an Act passed in the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An act' Ad to repeal an Act made in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty, for the better Regulation of the Office of Paymaster General of His Majesty's Force's, and the more regular Payment of the Army, and for the

more effectually regulating the said OJfce\ and certain Provisions are contained in the Paid Act, as to Periods

within which certain Accounts of Agents of Regiments in His Majesty's Forces transmitted to the Secretary 'at War, are to be examined and settled: And whereas it has been found that the said Privisions cannot be

strictly complied with: And whereas the Coinnuffioners appointed to enquire and examine into the publick

Expenditure, and the Conduct of publick Business in certain Military Departments, are proceeding in an 'Inquiry in relation to the War Office, and the Accounts thereof, and as to Regimental Accounts, and Expenditures; and it is therefore expedient that the said Provisions of the said recited Act should be repealed,

' and that His Majesty fhotild be empowered to order and direct all such Accounts to be kept and made up,

and transmitted and examined and settled by such Person or Persons in such Manner, at such Times, and at such Periods as shall be deemed expedient, so that any of the Regulations which may be suggested by such Commissioners, or which it may be otherwise thought proper to adopt, may be carried into Execution, with the lead possible Delay, for the Publick Service be it therefore enacted, by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament a fie m bled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said recited Act, as requires the Annual Accounts of ever)' Regiment, Troop, ?nd Company to be examined and settled by the Secretary at War, or by Inch other Person or Persons, as shall be duly authorized by His Majesty for that Purpose, within Three Months after the Receipt thereof; and further requires Certificates of the several Charges allowed in the said Accounts to be transmitted to che Office of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, with Warrants signed by the King, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Warrant or Warrants under His Royal Sign Manual, to make and issue such Orders, and declare and establish such Rules and Regulations for the more speedy and cifeftual Examination and Settlement of the Accounts of Regimental Expenditures, or of such other Expenditures for Army Services, as usually have been or shall be hereafter examined in the Office of the Secretary at War, as shall appear to be moil expedient, and to facilitate the final Examination and Settlement of such Accounts.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to exonerate any Agent or other publick Accountant from the Payment of any Balance that may be declared to be due from him, upon the Examination and Settlement of his Accounts, under any Orders or Rules and Regulations which may be made, issued, declared, and established by His Majesty as aforesaid; but that the Balance so declared and not paid within One Month after the same shall have been demanded, shall be deemed and considered to be a Debt to His Majesty upon Record, and be recoverable as such by His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, with full Costs of Suit, and other Charges attending the fame by the like Procei's, asbv the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom wherein such Agent or Accountant shall reiide, any Debt tu His Majesty aniing within the same may be recovered.

45 G. a. c.

§ Q1. so far 2s ii requires Annua! Accounts of Regiments to be settled by the Secretary at War, and Certificates to be transmitted to Paymaster, repealed.

His Majesty may make Regulations for Settlement of Army Expenditures.

Balances due fruin A"entj % &c. not p, id within One M«*mh after Wmand, become Debts of ftvr-f rd to His Majesty.

CAP. CXXIX.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth', intituled, An Act to take away the Benest of Clergy from certain Offenders for Felony, as takes away the Benefit of Clergy from Persons dealing privily from the Person of another; and for more effectually preventing the Crime of Larceny from the Person.

[30th June 1808 ]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An act^yUtCm4m Ad to take away the Ben ft of Clergy from certain Offenders for Felony, it is among ft other Things §1, e. tnkln-

enacted, That no Person or Persons who should after the patting of that Act happen to be indicted or appealed »*by Benefit «?f 4 fur felonious taking of any Money, Goods, or Chattels from the Person of any other, privily without his Knowledge in any Place whatsoever, and thereupon found guilty by Verdict oi Twelve Men, or shall confeis the fame upon his or their Arraignment, or will not answer directly to the fame according to the Laws of this crK, C;

Realm, or shall stand wilfully or of Malice or obstinately mute, or challenge peremptorily above the Number of Twenty, or shall be upon such Indictment or Appeal outlawed, shall from hencriorth be admitted to have the Benefit of his or their Clergy, but utterly be excluded thereof, and shall luHer Death in such Manner and Form as they should if they were no Clerks: And whereas the said Act has not been found effectual for the Prevention of the Crimes therein mentioned, and i: is therefore expedient that so much of the said Act as is herein-before recited should be repealed 2 And whereas it might tend .murv effectually to ' prevent the Crime of Larceny from the Person, if every such Offence, not being Robbery, was rendered punishable more severely than simple Larceny; 1 be it therefore enacted by the King's Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thH present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said Act as is hereinbefore recited ftuJl, from and after the passing of this Act, be, and the fame is hereby repealed.1*

48 Geo. III. 3 Z

11. And

53+

Penalty on felonious Theft frtnn the Person, not being 'KobLe.y, Tmnfj)ouaiion, &c.,

0 G. l. r. in,

[.Vrr

I. 1U4.

If c, T. 0. 17.

t. j).

a.; v'. o-

4 7 G. ft. 2.

e. lxx. [Local /lit.)

Lord Warden of the Cinque Pous empower! d to appoint Cumin ilfioners to determine.Difjiutes os to Salvage,

Commissioners /had appoint Secretary or Register.

Said Commissioners shall 4Vtt!e all Demands for Pilotage,

Salvage, &c. in the Downs, iwc.

.129, 130., 48° GEORGII III. A.D. 1808.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, every Person who shall at any Time or in any Place whatever, felon iously Ileal, take, and carry away any Money, Goods, or Chattels from the Person of any other, whether privily without his Knowledge or not, but without such Force or putting in Fear as is sufficient to constitute the Crime of Robber)*, or who shall be present, aiding, and abetting therein, shall he liable to be transported beyond the Seas for Life, or for such Term not less than Seven Years as the Jidg* or Court before whom any such Person shall be convicted, shall adjudge, or shall be liable in case the said Judge or Court shall think fit, to be imprisoned only, or to be imprisoned and kept to hard Labour in the Common Gaol, House of Correction, or Penitentiary House, for any Term not exceeding Three Years.

CAP. CXXX.

An Act for preventing the various Frauds and Depredations committed on Merchants, Ship-Owners, and Underwriters, by Boatmen and others, within the Jurisdiction of the Cinque Ports; and also for remedying certain Defeats relative to the Adjufhnent of Salvage, under a Statute made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her his Majesty Queen Anne, [30th June 1808.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that a Stop should he put to the fraudulent Prndice3 of Boatmen, Pilots, Ifovellers, and others, re side nt within the Jurisdiction of the Cinque Ports, who have for many Years pad, upon'fur.dry Occasions, committed various Depredations on Ships in Dili refs or other.vise, and takej) to themselves and converted to their own Use Anchors, Cables, aid other Property which may have been loft by Accident, and made the Mailers and Owners of inch Ships pay exorbitant Demands fur Affillanee, to the great Injury of the Merchants and others concerned in Shipping, and also to the Detriment of the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports, whose Rights have been unjustly invaded: And whereas by an Act of Parliament passed in the Third Year of the Reign of Elis Majesty King George the First, Power is given to certain Commissioners, to be appointed by the Lord Warden, of the Cinque Ports for the Time being, to determine, within the Space of Twelve Hours, all Differences relating to Salvage between the Mailer of any Vessel and the Person or Persons who shall bring any Anchor or Cable afnore from which any Ship or Vessel shall have been previously forced by Stress of Weather: And whereas by several other Acts, passed in the Tenth Year of His fair! MnHly's Reign, and in the Eighth and Twenty-third Years of His late Majesty's Reign, the said Act is further continued; and by other Acts of His present Majesty the fame was continued up to the Twenty-ilxth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and six, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and by an Act, passed orrthe Eighth Day of AuguJ} One thousand eight hundred and Even, the said several recited Acts were revived and continued for Seven Years longer: And whereas it is found expedient that the Commissioners of Salvage appointed by the Lord Warden Should*leave further Powers granted them, for the Purpose of deciding in all other Cases of Services rendered to 1 Shipping not provided for by the said former Acts: May it. therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be ' enafh d and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spbitml and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of Avgujl One thousand eight hundred and eight, it lb ail and may be lawful for the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports for the Time being, to nominate and appoint, by any Instrument or Iallruments under His Hand and Seal, Three or more substantial Persons in each of the Cinque Ports, Two ancient Towns and their Members, to adjust and determine any Difference relative to Salvage (which may arise) between the Mailer of any VefTci and the Person or Persons bringing such Cables and Anchors ashore; and in case any Ship or Vessel shall be either forced or cut from her Cables and Anchors by Extremity of Weather, or by any other Accident whatever, and leave the fame in any Road (lead or other Place within the Jurisdiction of the Cinque Ports, Two ancient Towns, and their Members, and the Salvage cannot be adjust d between the Persons concerned, then the same shall be determined by any Three or mure of the said Persons so to be appointed as aforesaid, within the Space of Twenty-four Hours after such Difference shall be referred to them for their Determination thereof; any Usage or Custom to the contrary in anywise notwith-fla.iding: Provided always, that such Commissioners shall immediately after their Nomination proceed to elect so re fit and proper Person who shall be a Notary or Matter Extiaordinavy in Chancery, as their Secretary or Register, except to the Port of Dover, where the Regdler for the Time being of the Court of Admiralty of the Cinque Ports shall he the Register, and which Secretary or Register shall enter in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, all the Proceedings of such Commissioners, and also a Copy of the Awards which they shall from Time to Time make; but such Election of Secretaries or Regillers shall be subject to the Approbation of the Lord Warden for the Time being.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, to be appointed as aforesaid, to decide on all Claims and Demands whatever, which shall or may, after the F-rll D ay of, rlugujl next, be made by Pilots, Boatmen, and other Persons for Services of any Sort or Descriyhon rendered to any Ship or Vessel, as well for carrying off from the Shore to such Ship or Vessel any Anchor?, Cables, or other Stores from any Part or Port of the Coast of Kent, Suffvx, Essex, or the lile of The, net, within the Junfdidron aforesaid, as for the conducting and conveying such Ships and Vessels frofri the AVavv, and other Bays and Roadftcads on the Coast of Kent, Sussex, and Essex, and the Island of 7 'ha net, or from the Sea, or anyv-other Place to Ram/gcite, D iver, or any other Harbour, Port, or Place on the said Ccaits, within the Jurisdiction aforesaid, or for the saying and preserving within the Jurisdiction aforesaid, any Good or Merchandize wrecked, tlranded, or call away from any Ship or Vessel, the Mailer or Owners thereof or their Agents being present at the Place where the Commissioners shall be fitting, and that the said Commis-

4.j iionirs

KSfOOQ 1C

A.D. 1808.

48° GEORGII III.

C. J30.

535

sioners shall have full Power aiul Authority to hear and determine on all Cases whatever of Services rendered by Pilots, Boatmen, and others, to Shipping within the Jurisdiction aforesaid, whether such Ships or Vessels P.iall be in Distress or not; and that it shall be lawful for the said Comm'(Tinners whenever they fee Occasion, to examine the Parties or their Witnesses upon vtlieir Oaths, which Oaths shall and may be administered by the said Secretary or Register.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners so F.vs toCom-'to he appointed, and their Secretary or Register as aforesaid, who shall decide on any such Gaims or Demands niiiSouer* as as aforesaid, to demand and receive of and from the Owners of such Siiips or Vessels, or the Proprietors of any dk>Mrt'd by Lord .such Goods or Merchandizes against whom any Pilot, Boatman, or other Person shall make any Claim or Demand for Services of any Sort rendered to such Ships or Vessels, or for the foie saving and preserving any Goods or Merchandizes wrecked, strauded, or cast away within the Jurisdiction aforesaid, and such Owners ami Proprietors are hereby required to pay to them such Fee or Reward for deciding on every such Claim and Demand as shall be adjudged to them in that Behalf by the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports for the Time bei.g.

IV. provided always, That no Person to be appointed a Commiftloner by virtue of this Act ftialh have

Power or Author tv to ac!

other Port or Place than that in which he is. resident; and that before such

Commissioner' Ih ill nit only where hi; u» resident.

Oath of the CommUIiuocrt*

Appeal to the

High Court of Admiralty or A iminilty the-

Ciqie Foils giving Lbiil in Double the

Co: m'dfiun.e.\'» shall in any Case proceed to act, they shall severally take the following Oath before a Magistrate ora Coi'umiluoi.er of the Court of lung's Bench or Common Pleas, or a Mailer Extraordinary in Chancery;

(vitUilcrt),

I A.B. do swear. That T hav^ not, neither will I, in any Wav directly or indirectly, take or receive any 1 Fee, Emolument, or Reward from any of the Parties whose Interests are referred to my Decision (faveaud

except inch Fee or Reward as shall be allowed by the Lord Warden to be paid to me by the Ship-owners or

Proprietors of the Cargo or their Agents); and that I will not accept or receive any Fee whatever horn the

Persons chiming Reward or Salvage; bat that I will decide according to the bell of my Judgment on the Evidence to be brought before n.c, without Favour or A flection to either Parly.

'So help me GOD.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Person or Persons so claiming to be entitled to Salvage or Compel btKm for Services rendered as aforesaid, or the Party or Parties who are to pay the same, or their Agent?, shall be diflhtisfi d with such Award and Decision of the Commissioners, it shall and may be lawful foreitlicrof them respectively, within Twenty-four Hours after such Award is made, but not afterwards, to declare to the Commissioners his or their Deli re of obtaining the Judgment of some competent Court of Admiralty respecting the said Salvage or Compensation as aforesaid; and thereupon the Person or Persons so claiming to be entitled to Salvage, shall forthwith be required by the Commissioners to Amount of the declare whether he or they will proceed in the Court of Admiralty of the Cinque Ports, or the High Court of Sum awarded. Admiralty of Eng'amtt and he or they shall so proceed within Twenty Days from the Date of such Award,

by taking out a Monition against the adverse Party; but in such Case the said Commissioners are hereby empowered and required to permit the said Ship and her Cargo, notwithstanding such Declaration and Proceeding, to depart on her Voyage, or to deliver to the Owners and Proprietors, or their Agents, any Goods or Merchandizes, respecting which any Claim for Salvage shall be made upon the Owners or Proprietors of the fame or their Agents, giving good and iutficient Bail in Double the Amount of the Sum awarded, and which Bail the Lid Commissioners 01 ary of them* are and is hereby authorized to take and certify according to the Form contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed, and to truufm.it the fame without Delay to the Court of Form. Administv, in which the Intention of Proceeding shall be so declared, together with a true Certificate in {Set Schedule Writing of the gross Value of the whole Ship and Cargo, or other Goods and Merdiaudizes, respi tVing.which Salvage shall be claimed; and also au official Copy of such Proceedings and Awards certified by id e said Secretary or Register, and the fame shall be admitted by such Court of Admiralty as Evidence in the C: u fe.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons llvull, from and after the said I'irst Day of Au^ujl One thousand eight hundred and eight, wilfully cut away, call adrift, remove, alter, deface, fit k or destroy, or shall'do or commit any Act, with Intent and Dvlign to cut away, call adrift, remove, alter, deface, fink, f r destroy, or in any other Way injure or conceal any But y, Buoy-rope, or Mark, belonging to any Ship or Vessel, or which may be attached to any Anchor or Cable belonging to ary Ship or Vessel whatever, 'within the Jurisdiction aforesaid, with Intent thereby to defraud or injure any Person or Persons whatsoever, or Body Corporate, such Person or Persons so offending shall, on being eon. vichd of faeh Offence, be deemed and adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall be transported for any 'Perm of Years not exceeding Fourteen Years. '

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Anchors, Cabhs, Buoys, Ropes, or other Ship's Stores, or Materials of any Sort or Description whatever, which may have been parted with, cut f.om or left by at v Ship or Vessel in the Dt.zvns < r vile where, within the Junfdictio.i aforesaid, whether the fame frail be in Distress or otherwise, and which shall have been weighed, swept for, or taken PotilUion of by

ramify on eultin; .liray

Ihioy-

ropes,

lVloiyv, I 4 Yrtir* Tmufportiium.

At'chm . f >wvl in \\\* Do vio fhiU

any Pilots, Boatmen, Hovcllers, ot

Ki; vw, »wept

other Persons, shall be by them delivered cither at Ranj'<>; i

w, itll

LoH

Devi'r (Three publick Places oi Dept fit declared by this AFV for the Reception of ad such Articles, or hu h other Places as shall be declared by the Lord Warden'in the same State in which they ar? found, to the Deputy or Deputies of the Lord Warden, or such other Person as he shall authorize to receive the lame; but if any such Artitlts so found, weighed, swept for, or taken possession of, shall not be so delivered within Seven Days from the finding thereof, and shall afterwards be discovered in the Possession, Custody, or Power of such Pilots, Boatmen, Hovcllers, or other Person or Persons, he, she, or they shall on Conviction be adjudged and deemed guilty of receiving Goods knowing them to have been stolen, and shall fufter the like Punishment as if the fame had been stolen on Shore.

3Z1 VIII. Ai.*

the \\ .tltiru'5

Uibtn within S<*ve* D; i)S;

or IVvforM

rci r'w M'g tivvll he

as rivers ot iiolva Gvxi*.

536 C.I30.

48° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1808.

All wrecked Merclumdize and Ships Stores shall l>c Uepofited in like Manner.

Penalty On

Salvors felling Wrecks or defacing Marks, Felony.

Officers of Lord Warden may seize Anchors, Stores, fee.

TJ nlawful Receivers of Anchors, &c. paniffied as Kecelvers of stolen Goode on Shore.

Lord Warden's

Officen may (cue (toleu Anchors, &c. though out of their Jurisdid'tion.

Penalty on Pilots,

&c. unlawfully ndvifing Mailers of Ships to tut their Cables or Buoy Rimes, Felony.

Dea?ees in Ship Stores shall have their Names painted on their Storchou/er Penalty UOh to JOL

Such Dealers shall not cm up any Cordage without Permit from the Lord Warden'# Qtpuues.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Merchandize or Marine Stores of every Description, whether belonging to His Majesty, or to any British Subjects or Foreigners, which may be preserved from any Ship or Vessel wrecked either on Shore or on the Goodwin, or on any other Sand or Shoal, within the Jurisdiction aforesaid, shall be landed and delivered at One of the Three Places of Deposit belonging to the Lord Warden's Deputies at Ramfgatcy or Dealy or Dover, or such other Place as shall be declared ana appointed by the said Lord Warden for that Purpose, which-ever shall be most convenient or contiguous to the Place where the Lots occurs, within the Space of Seven Days after the same shall have been preserved and taken Possession of; and that if any Person or Persons who shall have preserved or taken Possession of any such Merchandize or Marine Stores, within the Jurisdiction aforesaid, {halt fell, dispose of, or otherwise make away with the fame, or shall in any Manner conceal, deface, take out, or obliterate the Marks or Numbers thereon, or alter the fame in any Manner with Intent thereby, directly or indirectly, to prevent the Discovery and Identity of such Articles by the Owner or Owners thereof, such Person or Persons shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of Felony.

Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to the preventing or rellraining the Serjeants, Deputies, or any other Officer of the Lord garden, from seizing all such Anchors, Cables, Buoys, Buoy Ropes, or other Ship's Stores or Materials as aforesaid, and likevrife all such Merchandize and Marine Stores as aforesaid, which he or they shall find concealed or attempted to be concealed within the Jurisdiction aforesaid, or which he or they shall find in the Possession of any Person or Persons who shall be conveying or in the Aii of preparing to convey the fame out of the said Jurisdiction, or from any Place where the same shall have been landed within the said Jurisdiction, to any other Place within the same, other than to One of the said publick Places of Deposit aforesaid; but it shall be lawful in all such Cases for all and singular the Officers aforesaid to seize the fame, as well on Shore as at Sea, within the said Jurisdiction, at any Time before a6 well as after the Expiration of the Seven Days aforesaid, and to take and carry the same to One of the said publick Places of Deposit; any Thing in this or in any other Act, Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, within the Jurisdiction aforesaid, shall knowingly, and with Intent to defraud and injure the true Owner or Owners thereof, purchase or receive any Anchors, Cables, Ropes, or other Ship's Stores, or Materials of any Description whatever, or any Merchandize or Lading which may have been taken up, weighed, swept for, or taken Possession of, whether the same shall have belonged to any Ship or Vessel in Distress or otherwise, or whether the same shall have been preserved from any Wreck, within the Jurisdiction aforesaid, such Person or Persons shall, on Conviction thereof, be deemed guilty of receiving ftoien Goods, knowing the same to be Rolen, as if the fame Lad been Rolen on Shore, and suffer the like Punishment as for a Misdemeanor at the Common Law, and be also liable to be transported for Seven Years, in the Discretion of the Court before which he, she, or they shall be tried.

XI. ' And whereas it frequently happens that Anchors, Cables, and other Marine Stores or Merchandize, which have been weighed, swept for, or taken possession of, within the Jurisdiction aforesaid, are for fraudulent

Purposes carried away to Rochester> London, Portsmouth, and other Places, not within the Jurisd.dion aforesaid, and the Officers of the Lord Wardeu cannot, by reason of such Removal, recover the fame; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful for the Serjeants, Deputies, or any other Officer of the Lord Warden, whenever the Case shall happen, to seize such Anchor, Cable, or other Marine Stores or Merchandize, out of the Jurisdiction aforesaid, and there to take and cany away the fame, to some One of the aforesaid publick Places of Deposit.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Pilot, Boatman, or other Person or Persons, within the Jurisdiction aforesaid, shall at any Time after the First Day of August next, counfei, infirud, direct, advise, or procure any Mailer or other Person on board of any Ship or Vessel, within the Jurisdiction aforesaid, whether such Ship be at the Time in Distress or otherwise, to cut such Ship's or Vessel's Cable or Buoy-rope, or to do any other Act whatever which shall or may tend to the Destruction or Wreck of such Ship or Vessel, with Intent thereby to prejudice any Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel, or any Owner or Owners of any Goods loaden on board the fame, or any Person or Persons, Body Politick or Corporate, that hath or have underwritten or shall underwrite any Policy or Policies of Insurance upon such Ship or Vessel or on the Freight thereof, or upon any Goods loaden on board the fame, the Person or Persons offending therein, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of Felony, and be liable to be transported for any Period oi Time not exceeding Fourteen Years.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons who shall trade or deal in buying and selling Anchors, Cables, Sails, old Junk or Paper Stuff, old Iron, or Marine Stores of any Kind or Description, within the Jurisdiction aforesaid, shall have their Names with the Words Dealer in Marine Stores painted distinctly, iu Letters of not less than Six Inches in Length, upon the Front of atl their Storehouses, Warehouses, and other Depots for such Goods, and in Default of their so doing, they shall, on Conviction before any Person or Persons duly authorized to act as a Magistrate or Magistrates within the Limits aforesaid, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor less than Ten Pounds; One Half of which Penalties shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish where such Offence shall be committed: Aud further, That it shall not be lawful for such Dealers or Traders to cut up any Cables or Part of the fame, or to uncant, untwine, or unlay the fame, or Cordage of any Description into Junk or Paper Stuff, nor any Woulding, Wounding, or Worming on any Cable-matting on the fame or on Rigging, on any Pretence whatsoever, without first obtaining a Permit from the Lord Warden's Deputies, or One of them, which Permit shall not be granted unless an Affidavit shall have been first made before some one of the Persons July authorized to act as Magistrates, within the Limits of the Cinque Ports, Two Ancient Towns,

A.D. 1808.

48° GEORGII III.

C. 130.

537

all Marine Store* bought bj them*

and their Members, and shall have been delivered to and left with the Person granting such Permit; in which Affidavit there shall be sworn that the Cable and Cordage lb intended to be cut up had been purchased fairly and without Fraud by the Party so intending to cut up the fame, and without any Knowledge or Suspicion on his or her Part that the fame had been or were di/honestly come by; and in whichr Affidavit shall also be specified the particular Quality and Description of such Cable or Cordage, and the Name or Names of the Seller or Sellers thereof, which Affidavit shall be recited and set forth at Length in the Permit thereupon granted.

XIV. 4 And for the further and more effectual Prevention of Fraud in this RespedV be it enacted, That Dealers shall all Dealers in such Marine Stores as aforesaid, within the Limits of the Cinque Ports, Two Ancient Towns, .Account of and their Members, shall keep a Book or Books fairly written, in which Entries shall be from Time to Time regularly made of all such Marine Stores as shall be by them from Time to Time bought, containing a true Account and Description of the Times when the fame were so respectively bought by them, and of the Names

and Places of Abode of the respective Sellers thereof; and also that before the Party who shall have obtained

such Permit for the cutting up of any such Cable or Cordage (as herein-before required to be obtained) /hall

jnoceed to cut up the fame by virtue thereof, there shall be published, by the Space of One Week at lea/l

before the Time of cutting up of the fame, One or more Advertisements in some publick Newspaper, printed

within the Counties of AVn/, Sussex % and Essex, and near to the usual Re/idence or Place of Abode of such

Party, notifying that such Party had obtained such Permit for the Purpose of cutting up such Quantity of

Cable or Cordage, and of such Kind and Quality as therein described, a true Copy of which Permit shall be

inierted in such Advertisement, whereupon it shall be lawful for all and every Person or Persons who may have

justCaufeto suspect, and shall have verified upon Oath the Fast of such his, her, or their Suspicion before any

of the Persons duly authorized to act as Magistrates, within the Limits aforesaid, by Warrant of such Magistrate

to him or them for that Purpose thereupon granted, to require of and from any such Dealer who shall have so

advertised, and shall be so sworn to be suspected as aforesaid, the Production and Examination of the Book or v

Books of Entries hereby required by him to be kept, and to inspect and examine the Cable or Cordage described

in such Permit; and in case any such Dealer shall, when so thereunto required as aforesaid, neglect or refuse Penalty for

to produce to the Person named in such Warrant as the Person on whole Oath the fame had been obtained, Neglect,

the Book or Books containing the Entries of such Dealer so required to be made therein as aforesaid, or shall Dtfenee

neglect to keep any such Book or Books in which Entries containing Accounts of the several Particulars f°(, ^°o^'ncaip

herein-before required to be entered shall be made, or to permit such Inspection and Examination as aforesaid, 50l. to; joi#

or shall, after obtaining such Permit for the cutting up of any Cable or Cordage, and before the cutting up of leviable by the fame, neglect to publish such One or more Advertisements relative thereto as is herein-before directed and Diltrcli.

required to be published, the Dealer or Dealers so offending in all or any of the Particulars herein-before

mentioned, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence, being his, her, or their Firil Offence, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds nor less than Ten Pounds; and for every Second and further Offence any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, nor less than Thirty Pounds; One Half of which Penalties shall, on Conviction before

any of such Magistrates duly authorized to act within the Limits aforesaid be paid to the Informer, and the

other Half to the Poor of the Parish in which such Offence shall be committed; and in case any of the Penalties

by this Act imposed shall not be paid, with the Charges incident to the Conviction, immediately upon such

Conviction, the same shall and may be levied, by the Warrant of such Magistrate as aforesaid, by Distress upon the Goods and Chattels of every such Offender or Offenders; and in case there shall be no sufficient Distress,

then every such Offender or Offenders (hdl and may be committed by such Magistrate as aforesaid to the

Common Gaol within the Limits aforesaid, in tfye Cale of any First Offence, for the Space of Six Months; and

in the Case of any Second or further Offence, for the Space of Twelve Months, unless the said Penalty and

Charges shall be sooner paid.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Inhabitants of any Parish, Township, Inhabitant* er Place, within the Jurisdiction aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be competent Witnesses for the Purpose competent of proving the Commission of any Offence again/! this Act, within the Limits of such Parish, Township, or Wiiueffes.

Place, notwithstanding the Penalty incurred by such Offence, or any Part thereof, is or may be given or applicable to the Poor of such Parish, Township, Place or otherwise, for the Benefit or Use, or in Aid or Exoneration of such Parish, Township, or Place.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports Lord Warden,

for the Time being, and the Lieutenant of Dover Castle for the Time being, and the Deputy Wardens of the hi« Deputies, Cinque Ports for the Time being, and the Judge Official and Commissary of the Court of Admiralty of the

Cinque Ports, Two Ancient Towns, and the Members thereof for the Time being, and any other Officer who M j'uftieeaof'* shall be specially appointed by the Lord Warden; and all and every of them shall and may execute, perform, pearc

and do, within the Jurisdiction aforesaid, all the Acts, Matters, and Things contained in this Act, in like Co.nnuffioom* Maimer, to all Intents and Purposes, as any Magistrate or Magistrates, or any Commissioner or Commissioners to be appointed by virtue of this Act, is and are authorized, to execute, perform, and do the same.

XVII. 4 And whereas, by a certain Act passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled. For Pirates, it is among other Things enacted, to the Efteft following, that whenever*any Commission for the Punishment of certain Offences therein named, shall be directed or sent to any Place within the Jurisdiction of the Five Ports, that then every such Commission shall be directed unto the Lord Warden of the said Port for the Time being, or to his Deputy, or unto Three or Four such Persons as the Lord Chancellor for the Time being shall name and appoint : And whereas by the said Act it is further enacted,

'to the Effect following, that every Inquisition and Trial to be had by virtue of such Commission, shall be made and had by the Inhabitants of the said Five Ports, or the Members of the fameAnd whereas of a 4 long Time past no such Commission has been sent to any Place within the Jurisdiction of the Cinque Ports

C. 130.

48° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1808.

Manner of ((Thing Coumnilions it»r tin* i'u'iiihnu nt oi ( of Vu* «*s, Ufi.Srr Lovifl.m ot'i'at. S.

c. 13. §3, 0.

Savin" of Tviff l» «>1 11» Ailmiialiy G'.r.rt, and A>lmiiahv of the Cinque I'oi'.s.

S.i\ in" of thr. Hi"ins of ihi* Trinity Ilotlfe,

boundaries of the iiim of the I/ml Warden of riie Cinque Jtorts.

be it enacted, for the more certain and speedy Ad min iff rat ion of Justice, That as often as His Majesty shall direct a Commission according to the Provisions of the aforesaid Act, to the Admiral or Admirals, or his or their Lieutenant, Deputy and Deputies; it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, on the Application of the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports, to direct such Commission jointly to the Admiral or Admirals, or his or their Lieutenant, Deputy and Deputies, and also to the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports for the Time being, and to his Deputy; And the Commissioners, who shall fit by virtue of such Commission, so jointly mid relied to whatever Shire or Place in the Realm the same shall be limited, shall have full Power and Authority to enquire into, try, and determine, all Offences named in the said Act, or in any other Act relating te Proceedings under such Commission, by the Oaths of Twelve good and lawful Inhabitants in the Shire limited in the said Comm.(lion, whether the said Offences shall have been committed within the JurisuiCfions of the Lord Admiral of Far fund or of the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports; and all and every Trial, Conviction, Judgement, and Proceeding' whatsoever under such Commission, Hull be as good and effefinal to all Intents and Purposes in L: nv, nr.d shall be followed by the fame Coufequences to the Offender or Offenders as if the fame w ere had by virtue of any separate Commissionl to be issued under' the Provisions of the aforesaid Act of King Henry the L'gbtU.

XVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further declared by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act or any Thing lu rein contained shall not extend or be eorulrued to extecd to the taking away, abridging, prejudicing, or impcaching in any Manner whatever the Jurisdiction of the High Court of Admiralty 01 England, or the Juriidico'on of the Admiralty Court of the Cinque Ports, Two Ancient Towns, and their Members, but that it shall and may be lawful for the find Courts reflectively, and the Judge or Judges thereof for the Time being, to have, u(c, 0: civile, and enjoy Jurisdiction over all such Matters, Rights, and Offences, as they have heretofore had, used, exercised, and enjoyed, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if this Act had not been made; a ay Thing herein-before contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XIX. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend or be con (trued to extend to the taking away, abridging, hindering, 'prejudicing, or impeaching of any Grant, Liberties, Franchises, and Privileges heretofore granted to and vested in the Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strong, but that the said Corporation shall hold and enjoy the same as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as they might have done in case this Act had never been made; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise not with (landing.

XX.*And whereas Doubts have arisen as to the exact Boundaries of the Jurisdiction of the Lord High Admiral and the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports, and it is highly expedient for, the Purposes of this Act,

that the fame should be clearly set forth now it is hereby declared and enacted, That the Boundaries of the Jurisd cVon of the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports, in regard to any Matter or Thing contained in this Act Avail be and shall be deemed and taken to be as follows; that is to Iky, from a Point to the A Veil ward of Seaford in the County of Suffl-x, called R d Cliff, including the fame thence passing in a Line One Mile without the Sand or Shoal called The Horse of JVUiingtlcv., and continuing the fame Dillar.ce without the Ridge and new Shoals, and thence in a Line within Five Miles oi Caps Crizriis on the Coast of France, thence round the Shoal caihd The Overfalls, Two Miles dillant from the lan.e, thence in a Line without, and the fame Dilbnce along the Eallern Side of the Galloper Saadi until the North-end thereof, bears Well North-well true Bearing from the Weil North-west Bearing of the Galloper it runs in a dire# Line ncrofl. the ShoaEcalled The Thwart Middle, .till it reaches the Shore underneath the TIa % e lower, from thence following the Line of the Shore up to Saint Ofyth in the County of life*, and following the Course of the Shore up the River Coin to the Landing Lace nearell BrightHngf a, from thence in a direct Line to Shoe Beacon, from thence to the point of Sheln.-Js on the Isle of Shipper, and from the^ec acmfs the Waters to Ft vn/hrar, and from thence following the Line of Coast round the Forth ai d South Forelands and Beady Heath, (.11 it reaches the said Reel Clff, including all the Waters, Creeks and Havens comprehei ded between them: Provided always, and it is hen by declared, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be conftnted to extend, to enlarge or ubrdge the local Limits of the nntient Jurisdiction, Rights, retd Privileges of the Lord High Admiral of England, or the Lord Warden or Admiral of the Cirque Ports ivfpcctively, or their respective Rcprcfeatatives, but that the same shall remain nccouling to untie! t IMage, and that the IXfcrption lien in-before contained shall only be deemed applicable to the Purposes of this Act, any Thing he rein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI.*Ai d whereas it is expedient that the like Means of conclnlively adjusting and recow ring the Quantum 1 of the Monies or GratuitLs to be paid to the several Persons acting or being employed in the Salvage of any Ship, Vessel, or Goods, humid fubful and he by Law applicable in Cases where the Salvors shall have acted under and hv the mere Employment and Authority of the Commander or other Superior Officer, Mariners, or Owners of any Ship or YLffl in Dilhvff, as are now by Law provided for adjusting the Quantum of such Mimics or Gratuities which shall have become due in Cases where Application shall have brrn first made to«Officers of the Custoras, or other the Officer or Officers iu that Behalf named and appointed in and by a 4 certain Statute, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of our late Sovereign Lady Queen Ann, intituled,

4. An Act for pin serving of all such Shops an, I Goods thereof at Lie h /halt happen to he firced cn Shore t r Jlrar.dti

Rr*"Mhitr'n* of

1 2 Aunt*, 2.

e.'n>

n ij (tine; o Ti-e.iv/*) m"

"f

fcuhage t.xnuded

pplied fur the conclusively adjusting the recovering of the (jjuemlum of the Monies or Gratuities to be paid to the several Persons .a, ting or being employed in the Salvage of any Ship, VeflVl, or Goods, in Cases where Application shall have been first made pursuant to that Statute to Officers of the Cuiloms, or other the Officer or Officers therein in tlmt Behalf

mentioned,

1 by

AJX 1808».'

48° GEORGII III.

c»3°- 539

mentioned, and A/E/tance shall have been thereupon rendered and had in pursuance of the Pvovisions of that to Cases of

Statute, shall be by Law applicable and available in like Manner; to all Intents and Purposes, in Cases where Salvage

the Salvors shall have acted under and by the mere Employment and Authority of the Commander or other U»o

Superior Officers, Mariners, or Owners of any Ship or Vessel in Distress, although no such Application shall (justoias>

have been made to, nor any Authority or Affillauce derived from any Officers of the C^illoms, or other the

Officer or Officers in the said Statute in that Behalf mentioned; and that upon Payment or Tender and Refusal

of the Quantum of Monies or Gratuities to be paid to the several Persons who shall have acted or been employed

in such Salvage, or in case such Payment or Tender cannot be made, on Security being given for the due

Payment thereof to the Satisfaction of the Justices who shall have adjuiled such Quantum of Gratuities, it shall not be lawful for any Officer of the Customs, or other Person or Persons having the PofFrffion or Custody of such Ship, Vefle!, or Goods, any longer to retain the Possession or Custody of the fame, or any Pait thereof,

by Reason or Pretence of any Claim or Right to a Compensation or Gratuity for such Salvage as aforesaid, or

for having acted or been employed therein.

XXII. Provided always, That in Cases where the Salvors shall have acted without Application made to and Quantum of without any Authority or Affillance derived from any Officer of the Cuiloms or other Officer in the said Act mentioned, and the Commander or other Superior Officer, Mariners, or Owners of such Ship or Vessel so ksalvJk'may be fared as aforesaid, or the Merchant or other Person whose Goods shall be so saved, or their Agents as aforesaid, ai<rrulm.-d iiV shall disagree with such Salvors, touching the Quantum of the Monies or Gratuity deferred by any Persons so Jullic*ot IWc. employed as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Commander of such Ship or Vessel so saved, or the Owner of the Goods, or Merchant interested therein, or their Agents, and for such Salvors as aforesaid, to nominate

Three of the neighbouring Justices of the Peace to adjuit the Quantum of the Monies or Gratuities to be paid to such Salvors; and in case the Parties shall not agree in such Nomination, that then on the Application of any of the Parties to any One neighbouring Justice of the Peace, the Justice so applied to shall nominate Two other neighbouring, Justices of the Peace; and such Three neighbouring J11 dices shall and may thereupon, and they are hereby authorized and required, to adjulh the Quantum of the Monies and Gratuities to be paid to all and each of such Salvors who shall disagree with such Mailer, Commanding Officer, Merchant, or Owners, or their Agents as aforesaid, touching the Quantum of Monies, or the Gratuity to be paid to him or them respectively, for his or their having been employed and a<sted in Inch Salvage as aforesaid.

XXIII. Provided always, That nothing herein in this Behalf contained shall extend or be construed to extend Saving of to affect, impeach, or alter any of the several Provisions herein contained in respect to the Cinque Ports, or the Juris«irition of Jurisdiction to be exercised within the /ame, or to affect or abridge in any Degree the Power or Authority Ciu^ut Forts, herein-before given to the said Commissioners so to he appointed as aforesaid.

[Publick Act.]

M §24."

XXV. Provided always, That this Act shall continue in force for Seven Years, and from thence to the End iCominuRnce of of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer. Ad 7 \e»rs,

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

0N

Day of

A.B.

the Before, &c.

[Ships Names."]

[here inf rt the Name of the Salvors]^ agaiuil the said Ship whereof

was Mailer, her Tackle, Apparel and Furniture, and the Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, on board the fame, and also against the said Mailer and the Owners of the said Ship and Cargo, [or, a: the Case may be, again it certain Goods and Merchandizes lately laden on board the said Ship, whereof was Mailer;

and also againII the said

Mailer and the Owners (or if the Owners alone appear by themselves or Agents, then leave out the Mailer's Name) or the said Goods and Merchandizes J in a Caine of Salvage. j

in the Year of our Lord at in the County of

£Majbers Names.]

On which Day appeared personally IV. X. of

and T. Z. jof who produced themselves

as Sureties for the said the Mailer,

and for the Owners of the said Ship and Cargo, [or, as the Case may be for the said Mailer

and Owners of the said Goods and Merchandizes (or for the Owners of the said Goods and Merchandizes) and iubmittng themselves to the Jurisdiction of the High Court of Admiralty of England [or the Court of Admiralty for the Cinque Ports, as the Case may be] bound themselves, their Heirs, Executors, and Ad-iniaifirators, for the said Mailer and Owners of the said Ship and Cargo, [or, as (he Caf may be] for the said Mailer and Owne s, or for the Owners of the said Goods and Merchandizes, in the Sum of Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, unto the said A.B. See.

to answer the Salvage and Expences on the said Ship and Cargo [or, as the Case may be] on the said Goods and Merchandizes, as shall hereafter be decreed by the said Court, according to the Tenor of the Att in that Behalf made and provided; and unless they shall so do, they hereby consent that Execution shall issue forth again tt them, their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, Goods and Chattels, where-soever the fame fiiuJI be found, to the Value of the Sum above mentioned.

This Bailwa- duly taken, acknowledged, and received at the Time and T Place above-written, before me the undersigned Commissioner; and I / do hereby further certify, that I <do believe and consider the Persons above mentioned sufficient Security for the said Sum of £ J

W. X.

r.z.

540

43 G. 3. C. 136.

G. 3. c.ra.

I Provisions of recited Act ipplied io ail Case* arising tinker Orders of General Reprisal ./iuce. issued.

Tmw appointei! /or the First Weeiin's of

C'ommiliiomrs,V-. under Acts w/fcil this

iuon, eiLtocuicd.

Such Meeting declared v«Ud.

e3g&40G.3. C. 81. §2.

B*c» and Pocket*

of Hops shall be marked with the ParUhandCouDtt o( their Growth. Penalty 2t)l.

C. 131 — 134. GEORGII III. A.D. 1808.

Cap. cxxxi.

An Act for further continuing until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and nine, an Act of the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for suspending Proceedings in Actions and other Proceedings relating to the Woollen Manufacture.

[30th June i8c8.}

CAP. CXXXIt.

An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act, passed in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for the Encouragement of Seamen and better manning His Majesty's Navy, to Cases arising in consequence of Hostilities commenced since the passing of the said Act.

[30th June i8c8.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Forty-fifth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, 4n Jd for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually manning His Majesty's Navy during the frrfent War: And whereas the said Act contain* sundry Provisions and Regulations, touching Matters

that had arisen or might arise in consequence of the general Reprisals which His Majesty had been pleased to order against the Ships, Goods, and Subjects of the several Powers with whom His Majesty was engaged in

War at the Time of the passing of the said Act: And whereas His Majesty hath, since the passing of the said Act, deemed it necessary for the Honour of His Crown and the Safety of His People, to order that general Reprisals should be granted against the Ships, Goods, and Subjects of States then in Amity with His Majesty; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice ^nd Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every one of the Provisions and Regulations of the said Act of the Forty-fifth Year of His Majesty's , Reign shall be applied to all Cases arising from the said Orders of general Reprifai issued since the passing of this Act, in like Manner and to the like Eftcft as the said Provisions and Regulations are there directed to be applied to all Cases arising from the Orders of general Reprisal recited in the said Act, and shall extend to all Proceedings which have been had or may hereafter be had in consequence of the Orders of Reprisal issued fmee the passing of the said Act, in as full Force and Effect as if the fame were particularly enacted in this Act.

CAP. CXXXIII.

An Act: for enlarging the Times appointed for the First Meetings of Commissioners and other Persons, for putting in Execution certain Acts of this Session of Parliament. (30th June 1808.]

WHEREAS certain Acts may have been made and pasted in this present Session of Parliament, appointing 4 \\y the First Meetings of the Commissioners, Trustees, or other Persons, for putting such Acts in Execution upon certain Days, which have elapsed before or happened upon the respective Days of passing such Acts, and Doubts may arise whether in such Cases the Commissioners, Trustees, or other Persons appointed in and by such Acts, are authorized to meet and carry such Acts into Execution: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in case any Act or Acts of Parliament hath or have passed during the present Session of Parliament, and the Commissioners, Trustees, or other Persons for putting such Act or Acts in Execution, shall not have met and holden their First Meetings on the respective Days appointed by such Acts respectively, or shall have met and holden any Meetings without sufficient Authority so to do, it shall and may be lawful for such Commissioners, Trustees, or other Persons, or such .Number of them as by such Acts are authorised to meet and to put such Acts in Execution, to meet and proceed in the Execution of such Acts respectively, on or before the Day Fortnight next after the End of this present Session of Parliament; and all such Meetings so had shall and are hereby declared to be as good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the Commissioners, Trustees, or other Persons had im*t and proceeded to put such Acts in Execution on the Days appointed in and by such respective Acts, or as if they had been authorized by such respective Acts to have holden Meetings on the Days on which any Meetings may have been already holden as aforesaid; and ail Acts, Matters, and Things which shall be done by such Commissioners, Trustees, or other Persons in the Execution of such Acts respectively, shall be as valid and effectual in all Respects, and to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if their First Meetings had been- held on the Days appointed by such Acts respectively, or as if they had been authorized by such respective Acts, to have holden Meetings on the Days ou which any Meetings may have been already holden as aforesaid.

CAP. CXXXIV.

An Act to amend the Laws relating to the marking of Bags and Pockets of Hops. '[30th June 1808.]

WHEREAS the Laws in force at and immediately before the passing of this Act, for preventing Frauds

and Irregularities in the marking of Bags and Pockets, to be used for bagging Hops, have been found insufficient for the good Purposes thereby intended, and that further Provisions are become necessary be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eight, in addition to the Particulars required by Law to be marked on the Outside of every Bag and Pocket of Hops, there shall be marked by the Owner, Planter, or Grower of Hops, in the Form and Manner in which the-before-mentioned

Particular*

A.B. 180S

48° GEORGII IIJ. c. 134 — 237. 54I

Particulars are required to be marked, the Name of the Parish and of the County in which the Hops put into «ny such Bags or Pockets were or shall be grown; and if any Owner, Planter, or Grower of Hops, shall presume to put Hops into any Bag or Pocket before the same shall have been marked in the Form and Manner by this Act directed and required, he, she, or they shall for each and every such 0(Fence forfeit Twenty Pounds.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall counterfeit or wilfully remove, alter, Penalty o»

*rafe, or obliterate, or calife, procure, or fuller to be counterfeited, removed, altered, erased, or obliterated, o>umcrfoitm«T<Tr any of the Marks directed and required by this Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament in force at and cr?ti"S immediately before the passing of this Act, to be put or marked on Bugs or Pockets of Hops, all and every 20 '

Person or Persons lo offending shall for every such Offence forfeit Twenty Pounds.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, shall be Recovery and

sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by such Ways, Means, or Methods as any Fine, Penalty, or For- Application of

feiture may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Penalties Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of

Exchequer in Scotland respectively, and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall be

to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover* or sue for the fama.

CAP. CXXXV.

An Act to amend an Act made in the Forty-sixth Year of His p re font Majesty for more effectually oj,

carrying into Execution the Purposes of an Act: made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of His Majesty, to give further Time for the Payment on the Conditions therein mentioned, of Instalments on certain Loans advanced to the House of Alexander Houjhun and Company to Charles Ashivell Esquire, and to William Johnstone Esquire, being Persons connected with and trading to the Hland* of Grenada and Saint Vincent, so far as relates to the Real and Personal Estates of William Mac Dow all, James Mac Doivally and Robert Houjloun Rrie, in the West Indies and die where* except in Scotland.

[30th June i8oS.]

"The Trustees under the recited Act are empowered to discharge a certain Mortgage; notwithstanding a

" prior Claim of the Crown., > ,

CAP. CXXXVI.

An Act to indemnify all Officers and Persons who have carried into Execution any of the Provisions of an Act passed in the lad Selfiorr of Parliament, for completing and increasing the Militia of 47G.rft.2. c.j^ Great Britain, in relation to the Militia of the Tower Hamlets.

[30th June 1808.]

CAP. CXXXVII.

An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act of the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, 4uG.3. c. s9-for consolidating and rendering more effectual the several Acts for the Purchase of Buildings and further Improvement of the Streets and Places near to Westminster Hall and the Two Houses of Parliament. f3oth June 1808.]

Dean and Chapter of Westminster empowered to demise to the Commissioners under 46 G. 3. c. 89. certain " Pro miles herein- mentioned, for the Term of Ninety-nine Years. § I. The said Commissioners empowered to " purchase certain Premises on the South Side of Great George Street, &c. §2."

III. And be it further enacted, That (notwithstanding any Thing in the said Act of the Forty-sixth Year Prnnifes h<re-aforesaid contained to the contrary') all Houses, Buildings, and Ground which shall hereafter be contracted after contracted to be purchased by or leased to the Commissioners under the same Act or this Act, shall be conveyed or demised

to any Inch Three of the fame Commissioners, as in the said Act of the Forty-sixth Year afoivsaid is mentioned;

end after the lame shall have been so conveyed or demised, or after the Money agreed or ^warded to be paid as maiion<-r«, an<! the Consideration for any such Purchase or Lease shall have been paid into the Bank of England in pursuance of become vested in the Directions of the same Act, shall be, and the lame are hereby vested in the Lord High Treasurer of Great the Treasury. Britain, or in the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, and shall be employed for the Purposes of the same Act, subject to the Powers and Authorities herein contained; and that the annual Rents and Profits arising from any Grounds, Houses, and Buildings so to be ptirchafed or Ail Rents, lc. leased, or from any Houses or Buildings which shall be crested in pursuance of the said last-mentioned Act or that! be paid into of this Act, shall from Time to Time be received by any Person or Persons to be for that Purpose appointed chequer,

by the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, or any' Three of them, and shall be paid into His Majesty's Exchequer, and carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund at Great Britain.

u Commissioners empowered to contract for taking down Houses purchased by them, and disposing of the4 Materials. §4."

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when any Hereditaments find! have been purchased from nr demised by the said Dean and Chapter in pursuance of the said Act of the Forty-sixth Year aforesaid, or of th: $ Act, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, under the said Act of the Forty-sixth Ysar aforesaid, or 48 Geo. III. 4 A '

vjUUV

Commissioners empotvrrrd to grain llndor-VaUs, Building Lfc*fv'», &c.

A.D. 1808.

542 £.137, 138. 48° GEORGII III.

under Covenants

to be n|ij>rc\cd by Treasury.

On the Vci\Vi& of a Jury Judgment may he given by One Commissioner.

FIi Majesty empowered to j|j»poirie

Veamni (Tinners in th Htx>m of any declinin': to a<fi.

5<ojrh Act, '1707.

Stipends modi Ted before the j»a(fu g <+ this \& shall*t be a^ain modified lor 15 Year?.

any such Three of them as therein mentioned, from Time to Time (by and with the Consent and Approbation of the said Lord High Treasurer, or of the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer for the Tithe being, or of any Three or more of them) by any Deed or Deeds to be sealed and delivered by the Commissioners for the Time being exercising this present Power, and to be inrolled in One of His Majesty's Courts at Westmtnjltr, to grant any Under-lease or Under-leases of all or any Part or Parts of the fame Hereditaments to any Person or Persons whomsoever for any Term or Numberpf Years; and also that it shall be lawful for the fame Commissioners, or any such Three of them as aforesaid, from Time to Time to grant any Lease or Leases for any Term or Terms of Years of all or any other Part or Parts of the Grounds which have been or shall be purchased in pursuance of the said Act of the Forty-sixth Year aforesaid, or any of the Atls therein referred to or of this Act, and that every Lease which shall be granted in pursuance of this Act, shall and may be granted at such yearly Rent or Rents, and under and subject to such Covenants for building thereupon, and such other Covenants, Conditions, Restrictions, and Agreements as the said Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer, or any Three or more of them, shall approve.

Commissioners under 46 G. 3. c. 89. empowered to dispose to Commissioners under Local Act 47 G. 3. r.lxrii.

so much Ground as shall be requisite for the Accommodation of the Court House, for holding the 4< Session of Peace for Westminster. <> 6. Sue!) Ground shall not be built on without Consent of Commissioners,* under 46 G. 3. c. 89, — §7. Roof and Walls of Saint Margaret1* Church may be repaired by Commissioners, " under 46 G. 3. r. S9. and Direction of the Treasury. §8. Watchhouse and other Buildings on the North " Side of Saint Margaret1* Churchyard next the Broad Saudluary may be taken down by the said Com* " missioners. §9. Said Commissioners may alter the Pavement, &c. and dispose of the Materials, and may shut up Streets and make others. — Streets shut up vested in the Treasury. $ to."

XI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases whatsoever in which a Jury shall be summoned in pursuance of the Directions in that Behalf contained in the said Add of the Forty-sixth Year aforesaid, any One of the Commissioners under the same Act shall be competent to give Judgment upon the Verdict of any such Jury, and that such Judgment shall be equally binding and conclusive, as if the fame were given by any Three or more of the fame Commissioners, (any Thing contained in the said Act of the Forty-sixth Year aforesaid to the contrary not with handing.)

4< Deed Poll, dated July 7, 1807, declaring a certain Piece of Ground, the Property of His Majesty and used for placing an Iron Railing near the Abbey, recited, and confirmed. §12. A certain Piece of Ground lately added to the open Area of Saint Margaret*s Church and inclosed, shall continue Part of the Churchyard. §13."

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if all or any or either of the Nine Commissioners named in or appointed by or in pursuance or by virtue of the said Act of the Forty-sixth Year aforesaid, or of this Act, shall at any Time hereafter decline to act in the Execution of any of the Powers or Duties given to- or imposed upon the said Commissioners under this Act, or the said Act of the Forty-sixth Year aforesaid, and shall signify the fame by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands to the said Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, then it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, from Time to Time, to appoint by Warrant under His or their vSign Manual for that Purpose, another o»* other Commissioner or Commissioners to be designated by Office or otherwise in the Place and Stead of the Commissioner or Commissioners so declining to act; and that such Commissioner or Commissioners so to be appointed shall have all the fame Powers and Authorities for carrying the said several Acts above mentioned or referred unto, and of this Act into Execution, as if he or they had been originally appointed a Commissioner or Commissioners for executing the fame respectively,

Cap. cxxxyiil.

An Act for defining amt regulating the Powers of the Commissiont of Tcinds, in augmenting ?.nd

modifying the Stipends of the Clergy of ScotianJ.

[30th June 1808.]

WHEREAS by an Act of the Parliament of ScntlanJ, in the Year One thousand seven hundred and seven, intituled, A El auent Plantation of Kirks and Valuation 'f Tenuis, Her Majesty Queen Aunt and the Dilates of Parliament, empowered, authorized, and appointed the Lords of Council and Session to judge, cognofce, and determine in all Affairs and Catifes which, by the Laws and Acts of the Parliament of Scotland had been referred, and did pertain and belong to the Jurisdiction and Cognizance of Commissioners formerly appointed for tint Effidl, as fully and freely in all RespeAs as the said Lords did or might do in, other Civil Causes; and certain powers therein mentioned were particularly granted by the said Act; and it was thereby

declared that the said Act and Commission should be subject nevertheless to such Regulations and Alterations

as should be made by the Parliament of Great Britain: And whereas it is expedient that the Powers of the said Lords of Council and Session as Commissioners aforesaid, should in some RespeAs be defined and regulated: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's motl Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament a lie mb led, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall not be competcnf'to the said Lords of Council and Session as Commissioners aforesaid, except as alter specified, to augment or modify any Stipend which shall have been augmented or modified prior to the passing of this Act, until the Expiration of Fifteen Years from and after the Date of the lull final Decreet of Modification of such Stipend.

A.D. 1808.

48° GEORGII III. C.!3&. 543

II. And be it emcled, That no Stipend which fh: ill be augmented or modified by a Decree aftfcr the pattGng of this Add, shall be again augmented or modified until the Expiration of Twenty Years from and after the Date of such Decree or Modification thereof; nor shall any such Stipend be augmented or modified at any future Period until the Expiration of Twenty Years from and after the Date of the lad Decree of Modification thereof respectively.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in all Processes of Augmentation or Modification, in which the Days of Compearance had elapsed, and which shall have been called in Court prior to the Twelfth Dav of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, and which shall continue to depend before the said Lords of Council and Seluon as Commissioners aforesaid, at or after the passing of this Act, it shall be competent to the Purluer either to suspend the fame until Fifteen Years shall have elapsed from the Date of the lait preceding Decree of Modification, or to prosecute the same to a Conclusion forthwith; and that it shall be competent to the said Lords of Council and SefThm as Commissioners aforesaid, either to grant or to refuie to grant afi Augmentation in any such Cases, or to pronounce or to refuie to pronounce a Decreet of Modification therein: Provided always, that if the Stipend in any such depending Case shall be augmented or modified by a Decreet alter the passing of this Act, the same shall not he again augmented or modified until the Expiration of Twenty Vears from and after the Date of such Decree of Modification thereof; nor shall any such Stipend be augmented or modified at any future Period, until the Expiration of Twenty Years from and after the Date of the la lb Decree of Modification thereof respectively.

IV. Provided further, and be it enacted, That this A Cl shall not be deemed or taken to extend to any Case where a Decreet of Mod fioatiou having been pronounced by the said Lords of Council and Sett!on as Commissioners aforesaid, prior to the passing of this Act, the Subjed Matter whereof shall be depending, either upon Petition the said Commissioners, or upon Appeal to the House of Lords at the Time of the patting thereof, or where it may be competent to present such Petition or such Appeal against any such Decreet of Modification, but every such Case may be proceeded iu and brought to a Conclusion; and a Petition or Petitions may bepresented to the said Commissioners therein, or an Appeal may be taken to the House of Lords as heretofore, and the fame may be prosecuted with regard to said Petitionpr Appeal in the same Manner as if this Act bud not been made.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in such Cases aforesaid, where there shall be a final Decreet of Modification, no such Stipend Hull be again augmented or modified until the Expiration of Fifteen Years from and after the Date of the final Decreet of Modification thereof, pronounced by the said Lords of Council and Session as Commissioners aforesaid.

VI. Provided likewise, and be it enacted, That where such Stipend shall, at or after the Expiration of the Ld Fifteen Years, be again augmented or modified by a Decree, after the passing of this Act, it shall not be again augmented or modified until the Expiration of Twenty Years from and after the Date of such Decree oi Modification thereof, nor shall any such Stipend be augmented or modified, at any future Period, until the Expiration of Twenty Years from and after the Date of the lad Decree of Modification thereof rdpecuvely.

VII. Provided further, and be it enacted, That in all Cases whatsoever where an Augmentation or Modification of Stipend shall have been or shall be applied for, and which shall be judged of, or a Decision pronounced therein, after the passing of this Act, by the said Lords of Council and Settion as Commissioners aforesaid, it shall and may be competent to them to refuse to augment or modify any Stipend in any such Case, either on account of there being no legal Fund of Augmentation, or on account of the Circumstances of the Case; and it shall and may be competent for ary Party or Parties to propone all relevant Objections in every Case whatsoever where an Augmentation or Modification shall he applied for, and which Objections shall be determined by the said Lords of Council and Session as Commissioners aforesaid as heretofore.

VIII. And be it further emitted, That every Stipend which shall be augmented after the patting of this Adb shall be wholly modified in Grain or Victual, even although Part of the Whole thereof fuali have been previousty modified in Money, or although Part of the Whole of the Teinds shall be Money Teind, unlefis where it shall appear neccttary, on account of tin* State of the Teinds, or on account of the Interest of the lleneiice, or on account of the Nature of the Articles other than Grain or Victual which have been in uie to be delivered in Kind as Stipend, that a Part of the said Stipend should be modified not in Grain or Victual but in Money, or ttiould Le modified in such other Articles as have been in use, to be delivered in Kind as Stipend.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in the Case of every Decree of Modification which shall be pronounced after the passing of this Act as aforesaid, it shall and may be competent to the said Lords of Council and Selfioii sr> Commissioners aforesaid, and they are hereby authorized and required to convert the said Money Stipend or Money Teiud into Grain or Victual, save and except as aforesaid; and to make such Convertion into Grain cr Victual according to the Fiar Prices of the Kind or Description of Grain or Victual into which the fame fkll be converted, as appearing from the Fiars of the County or Stewartry ttruck for each Year, in virtue of Authority from the Sheriff or Stewart in which the Parish shall be situated, upon an Average of such Fiar Prices for Seven Years preceding the Date of the Decreet of Modification, and exclusive of that Year in which such Decreet of Modification shall bear Date.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where such Parish shall not be altogether situated in the same County or Stewartry, or where no Fiars applicable to the Kind or Description of Grain modified shall be ttruck in the County or Stewartry wherein such Parish is situated, it shall be competent for the said Lords of Council and Session as Commissioners aforesaid, to convert the said Money into Grain or Victual, according to the Average of the aforesaid Seven Years of the Fiar Prices of Two or more of the adjoining Counties, or of such Stewartry, County or Counties, as they shall deem mott suitable in the Circumstances of the Case.

4 A 2 XT. And

Stipends modified a'.'icr ihti pniin'.

ot'shis Act dull.not lv a; U!i modi lie 1 Tor 20 Wars. Procelfes

prior to Mari h 1*2.

1 80S, nu\ be fug)' rvUvl IT -v, prufrotrol by till* Muulier.

Act shall not extend to any Cases depending, either on Petition, or on Appeal.

Where there a a final Decreet no Stipend r ill be modified for

15 Years, and after the Expiration of that Period m> Modification find I take place till the h, nd of 20 Yeai#. Commissioner* of Teinds ir:; y, refuse to augment or modify StipcuJ*.

J

Stipends which shall he

augment xl shall h1' wholly m xiified in drain or Visual uidefii where it ftull appear , neoeiYary. t k Money Stipend* shall be converted into Crain or Victual, except as aforesaid,

ec irdinp to the I iar Prices of the County on Average of Scvt n \ cars.

Where therear* no i iurs applicable in ihc proper County, the Mar Pricey may he taken from adjoining Couuut*.

N \ '1

'544

W.nifterf shall not receive Stipend in Kind, but in Mow y according to the Fiaf Price* of the Grain.

Where the Parish shall not be

altogether situated in one County Two or more Counties may be fixed upon for taking the Fiar Prices. Converfton shall be made according to the Iiighett Fiar Price.

Right of

surrendering Teind* reserved.

Time of Meeting of Commissioners of Teuds.

Regulations for abridging Forms and Expence of Citation, fete.

In Cases of Augmentation Moderator and Clerk of the Presbytery shall be fumtnoned, and fund died with Statement of prefect Stipend, and Addition craved, &c.

Powers of recited Act reserved.

0.138, 139. 48° GEORGII III. A.D. 1808.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall stot be competent for the Lords of Council and Session as Commissioners aforesaid, where a Stipend shall, after the pafhng of this Act, be modified in Grain or Victual, in whole or in part, to authorize the Minister to receive the same or any Part thereof in Kind, but that it shall only be competent for them to decree the Value thereof to be paid, or for him to receive the same in Money, according to the Fiar Prices of the Kind or Description of Grain or Victual into which the same shall have been modified, as appearing from the annual Fiars of the County or Stewartry in which the Parish, the Stipend of which shall have been so modified, shall be situated, struck in virtue of Authority from the Sheriff or St^vart, for that Crop or Year for which such Stipend, modified in Grain or Victual, shall be payable.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any such Parish shall not be altogether situated in one and the same County or Stewartry, or where no annual Fiars applicable to the Kind or Description of Grain or Visual modified, shall be struck in the County or Stewartry wherein such Parish is situated, it shall be competent for the said Lords of Council and Session, as Commissioners aforesaid, to fix upon and specify Two or more of the adjoining Counties, or such Stewartry, County or Counties, as they shall deem most suitable in the Circumstances of the Case, according to the annual Fiar Prices of which Stewartry, County or Counties, they shall decree the Value thereof to be paid in Money.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where there shall have been or shall be different Rates of Annual Fiar Prices for any County or Stewartry, District or Place, struck in virtue of Authority from the Sheriff or Stewart, the said Converfton from Money into Grain or Visual, and from Grain or Victual into Money, in all of the Cases aforesaid, shall be made according to the highest Annual Fiar Prices struck in virtue of Authority from the Sheriff or Stewart for the said County, Stewartry, District, or Place.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Right of any Heritor to surrender his valued Teind in place of subjecting his Lands, to the Amount of the Stipend localled upon them, shall not be taken away by what is herein enabled.

XV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the said Lords of Council and Session as Commissioners aforesaid. Nine being a Quorum, instead of meeting in the Afternoon of each Wednesd'ay as heretofore, shall meet at Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon, upon the Second IVt duefday which shall happen after the Court of Session shall have met for the Dispatch of Business in the Months of November and May in every Year respectively; and at the fame Hour once a Fortnight on Wednesdr.y during the Sitting of the Court of Session, and at such other Times, and on such other Days in the Months of December, January, and March, not being any of the Days upon which the Court of Session meet for the Dispatch of the Business of the said Court, as the said Lords of Council and Session as Commissioners aforesaid shall find necessary or proper for executing the Powers committed to them by this and the said in part recited Act.

XVI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Lords of Council and Session as Commissioners aforesaid, and they are hereby empowered and required to establish Rules and Regulations for abridging the Forms and Expence of Citation of Heritors and others, and for ascertaining the Fa<5ls and Circumstances of the Case, and to establish Regulations for executing the Business committed to them by the said in part recited Act of the Parliament of Scotland, and by the present Act, with as much Expedition and as little Expencv as possible.

XVII.*And, in order to guard against Collusion, and affo in order that no ProcefTVs of Augmentation or 'for Modification of Stipends shall be raised on the Ground of alledged Collufion/ be it further enacted, That every Minister infilling in the Process of Augmentation shall, after the passing of this Act, besides citing the Heritors, also cite the Moderator and Clerk of the Presbytery of the Bounds, and furnish them with a Statement of the Amount of his present Stipend, and the Addition to the Stipend which he means to crave, in order that the Presbytery, if they shall judge it proper, may appear as Parties to the Process j and, in the Event of the Presbytery entering no Appearance, the Minister shall forthwith transmit to the Moderator or Clerk of the Presbytery a certified Copy of the Interlocutor pronounced by the Court; and' it Audi be competent to the Presbytery, within Five Months after such Interlocutor is pronounced, to enter an Appearance, and to shew, if they shall see Cause, that the Decree of Modification pronounced is collusive and prejudicial to the Benefice: Provided, that if the Presbytery shall enter an Appearance in such Process, it shall be competent to the Court to subject the Minister infilling in such Process, in the Whole or any Part of the Expences of Process incurred by the Presbytery,

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers given and granted by the said in part recited Act to the Commissioners thereby appointed, shall remain and continue in force, and receive such and the like Effect as they do at present, excepting in fb far as they are altered or repealed by this Actfc.

CAP. CXXXIX.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries.

[30th June 1808.]

u [Number of Tickets 6o, oco. — Amount of Prizes at a Rate not exceeding rol. fer Ticket* — See 47 G. 3. flat* 2t " c. 9. to which this /Ift is similar.]

A.D. 1808.

4$° GEORGII III.

C. 140. 545

CAP. CXL.

An Act for the more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace, and for the more effectual Prevention of Felonies within the Dillrid of Dublin Metropolis.

[30th June i3c8.]

WHEREAS an Act was j made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for more effectually preserving the Peace within the City of Dublin, and the Dislrid of the Metropolis*and establishing a Parochial Watch in the said City: And whereas another Act was made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for explaining and amending the said recited Act of the Thirty-fifth Tear, and for remedying the Abuses committed ly Pawnbrokers within the Di/lrid of the said Metropolis, or Three Miles thereof: And whereas another Act was made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to amend the said recited Acts of the Thirty-fifth and Thirty-sixth Years of His present Majesty's Reign: And whereas another Act of Parliament was made in Ireland\ in the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for amending, and making perpetual9 the several Laws for regulating the Watch in the Dislrid of the Metropolis, and for granting a further Duty upon Pawnbrokers: And the said Acts have been found insufficient for effectuating the said Purposes; be it therefore ennded by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiem nled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Acts of the Thirty-fifth and Thirty-sixth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, and every Matter and Thing therein contained; and also so much of the said Acts of the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty's Reign as relates to the Watch Establishment, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed; save and except so much of the said Acts or any of them respectively as repeals any former Act or Acts, or any Clause, Power, or Authority, or Provision given or eliaded by any former Act or Acts, and save and except so much of the said Acts or any of them as provide for the Payment of any Salary or Salaries to any Person or Persons in respect of having held any Office or Offices whatsoever abolished by the said Acts or either of them, and also save as herein after mentioned. )

II. And be it further enacted, That His Majesty's Castle of Dublin, and all Places within Eight Miles thereof, in every Direction, as to all Matters and Things not within the Jurisdiction of the Court of Admiralty of Ireland, shall be united in one District, and be called Tiie Police District of Dublin Metropolis."

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Police District shall be divided into Six Divisions, and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, by Warrant under Hand and Seal, from Time to Time to direct, declare, and point out the Limits of the said Divssions respectively, and to change the fame from Time to Time at his or their Will and Pleasure, andtocause Six several Publick Offices to be established. One thereof in each of the said Divisions, and to cause the same to be changed from Time to Time as he or they shall think proper.

IV. And be it enacted, That there shall be appointed in Manner herein after mentioned, Eighteen fit and proper Persons to be Divisional Justices within the said District, Six whereof to be Barristers of not less than Six Years (landing each, and that Twelve of the said Divisional Justices shall be appointed by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being; to wit, Six Barristers of such {landing as aforesaid, and Three Aldermen of the City of Dublin, and Three Persons being Sheriffs' Peers or Members of the Common Council of the said City, whom he or they shall think proper; and it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, to appoint a Receiver, not being an Alderman of the City of Dublin, who shall be called The Receiver of the Publick Offices in the Police District of Dublin Metropolis, " which Receiver shall be incapable of being appointed or elected a Divisional Justice under this Act, and shall be removable from Time to Time by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, at his and their goud Will and Pleasure.

V. And be it further enacted, That the other Six Divisional Justices shall be elected to the said Offices, fobjed to the Approbation of the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, and the Privy Council, in Manner herein after mentioned; and that the Persons so to be elected shall be Three Aldermen of the City of Dublin and Three Sheriffs' Peers.

VI. And be it further enacted, That on or before the Twenty-fourth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eight, the Lord Mayor of the City of Dublin shall convene an Afftmbly of the Corporation of the said City for the Purpose of eleding Six able and fit Persons of the Description aforesaid respectively, to he Divisional Justices in the said District, and the Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the said City, or the usual Quorum, shall at such Assembly nominate as fit Persons for said Offices, Nine Aldermen and Nine Sheriffs' Peers, and shall return the Names of the Persons so nominated to the Common Council of the said City, and the said Commons shall elect Three Aldermen and Three Sheriffs' Peers out of the Number so returned, and the Person* so elected shall be presented to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, and the Privy Council, for their Approbation, in like Manner as the Lord Mayor and Sheriffs of the said City, by any Law, Rule, or Custom now in force, are to be presented and approved of; and the Persons so elected being so approved of, shall be Divisional Justices for the said District, and shall begin to exerciso their Offices under thi* Ad, from the First Day of September next.

Vacancies shall be filled up, according to original Election or Appointment in One Month. §7."

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Persons who shall be so appointed or elected, and approved of as aforesaid, at Divisional Justices shall respectively hold and exercise the said Offices during their good Behaviour therein, or until they shall be respectively removed therefrom by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, who shall hare full Power, at all Times, to remove the said

Divisional

Irish A«5is,

*14 (j. i), c. Jh.

16 G. a. c. 30.

39 G. 3. c. 16.

40 G. 3. C. 62.

ItmVd Act*.

36 36 <i.n.

atul so Qj I It'll of 39 St 40 0. 3. a, relates to the Watch Eilabliftunent repealed.

Limits of Police District Eient Miles rouud Dublin Callle.

Police District in Six Divisions, to hr slccrtaiued by Lord Lieutenant.

1S Divisional Jutices, I2t<y be appointed by Lord Lit utenanV

Six to be elc*fied from Aldermen ami Sheriffs' Peers.

Form of Fiction by the

ration of IWo'.ii

Divisional Justices ft»all remain till removed by Lord Lieutenant &e.

A.D. 1808f,

546 C. 140.

48° GEORGII III.

pivisional

«1 nllivos ll.ftl be (worn as

rates.

Jx»r*t Lieutenant fliiill appoint Division in which ca< h Justict- is 10 attend.

Lord Lieutenant fha I appoint One of the Justices to be Chief Magistrate, and to attend in the CaiUe Division.

One Justice shall attend in each OHice from Ten to Eight every Da)', and \ wa from Eleven to Three; and the Burritler of each Ofli^e to attend at all Hours tv hen required.

Divisional*Jnfiiees, &r. incapable of fitting in the House of Commons, and .ftnrrifiers incapable of prai tiling.

No Bnrn'IW or other Officer acting under this Act, shall vota in the Eie&ion of Members of Parliament.

No Bnewer, DiUill.r, «vc. to hold any Police OiLico.

Div iftonal Justices or any of them; and every Person who shall be so removed shall from thenceforth be incapable of being elected a Divisional Justice under this Act, unless the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, shall have declared by Warrant under Hand and Sea, previous to such Election, that such Incapacity fh: JI from thenceforth ccalc and be removed.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every Inch Divisional Justice shall take such Oath of Office as is or shall be by Law required to betaken by the Justices of the Peace in Ireland, and thereupon shall, to all Intents and Purposes, be and be deemed and be taken to be a Justice of the Peace within every Part of the said Police District of Dublin Metropolis.

1 X. And be it enacted, That the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, shall from Time to Time, by Warrant under Eland and Seal, assign to each of the said Divisional Justices the Division to which he shall belong, and shall change the lame in like Manner when and as often as he or they shall think proper; provided, however, that there dial 1 be in each Divuion One Alderman, One Barrister, and One Sheriff's Peer, or One other IVvlor, not being an Alderman or Barrister.

XI. And be it enacted, That it shall ami may be lawful to end iuv the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, by Warrant under Hand and Seal, to nominate any One of the said Divisional Justices, being an Alderman, whom he shall think proper, to be the Chief Magistrate of the Police of Dublin, and in like Manner to change the lame at his and their good Will and Pleasure, and such Chief Magistrate shall for the Time being be One of the Divisional .Jut!ices of the Division in which His Majesty's Gallic of Dublin shall be situate; and that the Office of the said Division shall be called "The Head Office of the Police."

Justices of other Divisions to fend their Proceedings every Week to the Head Office. $ 12."

XIII. And be it further enacted, That One or more of the said DiviiIon.il Justices so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall diligently attend at each of the said PuLhck Offices, each in Jus proper Division, every Day from Ten of the Clock in the Morning until Eight of the Clock in the Evening, and at such other Times and Places as shall be found neeeffiiry; and that Two of the said Justices, so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall in like Manner attend together at each of the ibid Publick Offices from Eleven of live Clock in the Forenoon until Three of the Clock in the Afternoon; and that the Barrister, who shall be One of the Divisional Juiliccs at each of the said Publick Offices, shall diligently attend thereat at ad Hours, although not his Turn of Duty, whenever any Matter of Weight or Difficulty shall occur to require his Pretence theuat, a written Notice that his Attendance is so required, signed by either of the other Divisional Justices of the said Division, or the chief Clerk to the Publick Office therein, being fail left at his known Place of Abode.

XIV. And be it enacted, That the said Divisional Justices and Receiver, and all other Persons holding any Office in or under the said Police Establishment, shall be incapable of being chosen Members of or fitting in the House of Commons in any Parliament during such Time as they Ihuii hold the said Offices reflectively; and that no Barrister who shall be appointed or elected a Divisional Justice under this Act shall, while lie shall hold the said Office, practise as a Barrister in any Court whatever, or do any Bulinefsas a Barrister out of Court, in drawing Deeds or Pleadings in Law or in Equity, or any Draft or Drafts thereof respectively, or in giving any Opinion or Opinions, or otherwise; and if any such Barrister shall offend herein, he ft rail for every inch Offence forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds Sterling.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no Barrister or other Officer or Person nominated or appointed by or under this Act, (except the said Divisional Justices who shall be Aldermen, Sheriffs' Peers, or Common CouncilmcnA shall, during the Time he shall continue in his Office, or within Six Mouths after he shall have quitted the lame, be capable of giving his Vote for the Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the County of Dublin, or the City of Dublin respectively, nor shall by Word, Message, Writing, or in any other Manner, endeavour to persuade any Elector to give or diffuude any Elector from giving his Vote for his Choice of any Person to be a Member to serve in Parliament for the said County and City of Dublin respectively; and every such Officer or Person as aforesaid, offending therein, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, One Moiety thereof to the Informer, and the other Moiety to be paid to the said Receiver of the said Publick Offices, to be applied to the Uies of the said Establishment; to be recovered by any Person that shall sue for the fame, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Dublin, in which no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, nor more than One imparlance shall be allowed; such Action to be brought within the Space of One Year after such Offence so committed; Provided always, that nothing in this Act shall extend or be construed to extend, to subject such Officer or Person as aforesaid, to any Penalty or Penalties for any Act or Acts done by him, at or concerning any of the saul Elections in Discharge of his Duty or Duties in his respective Capacity.

Receiver shall give Bond for faithful Performance of his Office. §16. Lord Lieutenant and Council shall direct Salaries to the Divisional Justices, not exceeding 500L per slnnum, and 100l. additional to the Chief 4* Magistrate, See. — Total Expences not to exceed 29, 00c/. besides Expence of hiring, building, and repairing Offices. $ 17. Former Police Magistrates to receive their respctffive Salaries for Life. §18. Divisional Justices to retain Clerks and Constables. §19. One Chief Constable in each Division. §20. Foot Patroles and Horse Patroles. §21 — 23."

X}£IV. And be it further enacted, That no Person using or exercising the Trade or Business of a Brewer or Distiller, or Dealer in Wine by Retail to licensed Publick Houses, or being a Partner of such; no Person who shall have a Licence or Licences to fell Malt Liquors or Spirituous Liquors, or who shall in any Manner be engaged as a Seller thereof; no Victualler nor Person keeping a Publick House, shall be capable of holding any Office or Situation whatsoever under this A<&.

f< Payment

' A.D. 1808

48" GEORGII III. C. 140. 54

9*Payment of Chief Constable and Patroles, See. $ 25.' Allowances to Justices, See. disabled, or after Twenty-«* five Years Service. §26. No Justice or his Clerk, Sec. to take any Fee within the Police District, but at «4 the Offices. $27. Divisional Justices and their Clerks to keep Account of Fees, Fines, &c. <5 28. All <« Fines and Forfeitures to be recoverable only at said Offices, and to go to the Funds of the Police, 29.

All AAs directed to be done by nearell Magistrate, if arising within Police Ditlricl, shall be done at the «* said Office. $*30."

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons charged on Oath of one or more Offenders in credible Witiu-fles, with any Treason or Felony committed within the said Police Diflri<5l of Dublin Metropolis, shall fly for the fame, or remove to, or be found, or be in any other Part of Ireland, then and in every such in kjl p; , A undci Case the Warrant or Warrants of the said Divisional Justices, or any of them, shall have full Force and Fffeft Warrant of in any Pait of Ireland to which such Person or Persons may have fled or removed, or where such Person or DisifionsU Persons shall he found or be; and all Gaolers and Keepers of Prisons are hereby authorized and diVecled to receive into their Custody such Person or Persons, when apprehended or in Custody, under or by virtue of inch Warrant, and each and every of them in safe Custody to keep until transmitted to the said Dillricl of Dublin Metropolis; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

u Rewards for apprehending Traitors, &c. not exceeding 20l. §32. All Magistrates, 8ec. of the Distritfl,

" when required by Divisional Jtdlices, fh<dl give them every Information and Assistance for the Execution of this " Act. { 33. No Person charged with Petty Felony in the Police District shall be admitted Approver, with- out Content of Chief Magistrate. §34."

XXXV. And be it enacted, That no Person charged with or accused of having committed any High Treason within the said Police Dillricl, shall be admitted to give Evidence for the Crown against his or her Accomplice Hi^hTieaion or Accomplices, without the previous Consent in Writing of His Majesty's Attorney General, or in his ftdl lie admitted* Absence or in the Vacancy of the said Office, of His Majesty's Solicitor General; and any Justice offending Approver without herein shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; to be recovered in like Manner. (..Went of Attorney General, &. c.

Any Justice of Peace taking any Examination, Sec. of any Burglary, 8ec. in Police District, shall fend Notice thereof, and Copy of Examination, Sec. to the Head Office. §36. Divisional Justices and Receiver shall report all Matters required to Chief or Under Secretary. §37. And make yearly Reports as to State of Police, Conduct of Officers, &c. §38. shall report all Extraordinaries as they may occur. $ 39k 44 Churchwardens in Police Distritfl shall return to Head Office a Li(t of all Parilfi Constables. §40. Divisional " Justices and their Constables entitled to demand the Aid of all Parish Constables, Sec. $41, 42. Persons obllructing the Execution of this Act to be committed until duly discharged. §43. Divisional Justices shall post up Descriptions of Felons, Receivers of ilolen Goods, Sec. and circulate the fame free of Postage. §44. 44 Power to arrcil Persons carrying ilolen Goods. §45. Constables may break open Houses to search for Traitors, 44 Felons, &c. §46. Justices, Constables, Sec. indemnified though the Goods shall appear not to be stolen* 44 or Felons, Sec. not in the Houses. §47. Plaintiffs, where there appears probable Cause for doing the Act complained of, shall have only 6<7. Damages, Sec. §48. Penalty on any Person concealing stolen Goods, &c. 44 First Offence too/.. Second Offence, Sec. 20c/. §49. Publicans, Pawnbrokers, &c. in Police District shall 4< give Notice of their Names, Abode, &c. $ 50. Such Persons having stolen Goods shall produce them on 41 Notice, and ilate from whom received. $51. Constables empowered to search for concealed Arms. £52- Nightwalkers, Sec. shall be treated as Vagrants; if Children, to be apprenticed. §53. Constables may enter Houses of Publicans and apprehend all Servants, Sec. found drinking therein at unlawful Hours. §54 — 56-4' All Crimes committed within Circular Road shall be tried in the County of the City of Dublin §57, 58. 44 Lord Lieutenant empowered out of Police Funds to increase Recorder's Salary to 10001, per Annum* \ 59. 44 Rights, Powers, Sec. of Superintcudant Magistrate, veiled in Divisional Justices. §60. Bye Laws now in force continued. §61. Divisional Justice of Calllc Office to sign all Licences as Superiutcndant Magistrate. §62. Existing Licences of Superiutcndant Magistrate valid. $63. Divisional Justice to pay and account with Lying-in Hospital. §64. No Person to hawk about Trees, Books, Sec. without Licence, and Payment of Dirties, 11: 1 Jer 44 G. 3. c. xxii. ^65 — 72. Hotel Keepers to take out Licences, and pay

44 25l. per Annum for Hotels having more than Twenty and not more than Thirty Windows, and 50l. per Annum for large Hotels. $73 — 73. Houses, Furniture, Sec. of Old Establishment veiled in New. y 76. Officers to account on Oath to Justices of the CalUe Division. $ 77. Houses, Sec. applied to Use of Police Efta-" blishment. §78. Divisional Justices at Head Office to raise and levy all Taxes and Arrears as Superiutcndant Migiftn'.te. §79 — 85."

LXXXVL. And be it further enacted, That the Accounts of the said Receiver shall be audited once in every Six Calendar Months by the Commissioners of Imprell Accounts.

LXXX\ 11. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners or any Three of them ftiull have full Power and Authority, and they are hereby authorized to call before them, and examine upon Oath, all Persons who have been, or as they shall have reason to believe shall have been at any lime concerned in or have any Knowledge of the receiving, expending, disbursing, or in any wise accounting for, entering, paving, or managing of any of the Monies of which they are hereby empowered to audit the Accounts, and lmewife to call before them and examine upon Oath all Persons whom they shall think proper, for the Furpofcof enquiring into the Honeiiy, Efficacy, ami Legality of the Expenditure of all such Monies, and into the prefer.t State and Condition of the several Matters where to any of such Monies have been applied; and to fend for and require to be exhibited to them, as often as they shall think proper, all Accounts, Certificates, Books, Monuments, Bills, Plaua, Papers, and Writings, of what Nature soever, and in whosoever's

; 3 Custody

Audhin^r of Receiver's Act ounti.

Commissioners of Inipjvit Account* nra\ examine IVttoii' on Oath, ci!l tU Papers, ixc.

548

And f« to Application of Money, &c. and report 'hereon to Lord Lieutenant.

penalty on Persons fer lS«n-aucndanc«.

.140, 141. 48° GEORGII III. A.D. 1808.

Custody they may be, which in any wise touch or concern the Receipt, Expenditure, Disposal, or Management of the said Monies, and to examine upon Oath (which Oath any One of the said Commissioners is hereby empowered to administer to all Persons whom they shall think proper) touching the State, Custody, Entiles, or I terns in such Accounts, Certificates, Books, Monuments, Bills, Plans, Papers, or Writings.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners or any Three of them shall and they are hereby empowered and required to examine upon Oath (which Oath any One of them is hereby empowered to ad mini her) into all corrupt and fraudulent or improper Practices, or other Misconduct in the Expenditure, Application of, ordering or accounting for, ifthing or receiving all and singular the said Monies, and into the due Execution of the Works for which any Part thereof may have been appropriated; and they shall not include in the Disciiarge Part of any Account which shall be dated by them in pursuance of this Act, any Article of Expenditure which does not appear to them to be agreeable to the legal Powers vested in the Parties by whom such Expenditure has been or shall have been made; and they shall, if required, as soon as possible after their Determination and proceeding on any of the Matters herein committed to their Examination, give an Account thereof in Writing under the Hands and Seals of any Three or more of them, to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being; and they shall, whether thereto required or not, report to the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, what Defers, Frauds, or Illegalities shall have been observed during their Proceedings in the Mode of Account or Expenditure, or in the Execution of the several Matters aforesaid, and likewise such Regulations or other Matters as they shall in their Judgment deem expedient to be observed and adopted for the better directing, enforcing, and securing the honed, just, and effectual Expenditure of all future Sums of .Money for the said several or similar Purposes, or any of them.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, duly summoned by Precept under the Hand and Seal of any of the said Commissioners to appear before the said Commissioners, touching any of the Matters, aforesaid, to give Evidence or otherwise, or to exhibit any Account, Certificate, Book, Monument, Bill, Plan, Paper, or Writing, pursuant to this Act, shall refule or negle<5l to appear, or to exhibit any of the aforesaid Articles in his or her Custody, Power, or Possession, at the Day and Time in the Summons mentioned, or to answer any Quell ion upon Oath which shall be proposed to him or her by any of the said 'Commissioners, touching any Matter or Thing which they are empowered or dire<51cd to examine into by this Act, every such Person shall forfeit the Sinn of Fifty Pounds for every such Neglect or Refusal, to be recovered by Civil Bist in the Court of proper Jurisdiction by any Person who shall sue for the same.

[Publick Act.]

4' Grand Juries of the City of Dublin may present Sums for repairing, building, &c. Houses of Cor- redtion. §90. Division at Head Office to appoint Keeper of each House of Correction, §91. Each House f< of Correction to be visited by Divisional Justices. §92. Divisional Justices to visit all Prisons, &c. Six 41 Times in every Year, and report thereon to Chief Secretary and to the King's Bench. §93. Division at Head Office to appoint and regulate Watchmen. §94 — 111. Lord Mayor may at all Times muster and review the " Watch. §112. Further Regulations as to Watchmen. §113 — 116. Form of Conviction, Recovery and 4< Application of Penalties, <$cc. §117 — 124- Compensation to Clerks of the Peace for County of the City Ai of Dublin, by Presentments at the Quarter Sessions. §125. Expences of Act. $ 126. §127.

Act may be amended. §128."

CAP. CXLL

JtilWTbrs shall he appointed, and Duties a Hefted according to the following Uukrs.

AlTcfTors shall he ftrrvmted beforehe r, ih of April yearly.

An Act to amend the Aels relating to the Duties of Aflefied Taxes, and of the Tax upon the Profits of Property, Prefeflions, Trades, and Offices, and to regulate the Assessment and Collection of the same.

[2d July 1808.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that certain of the Powers and Provisions for assessing and collecting the 4 f Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes in Great Britain, should be varied and amended in the Particulars herein after mentioned: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Common?, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Period appointed for the Commencement of the Rules contained in this Clause, all Appointments of Assessors shall he made, and also all Notices required to be affixed on any Place, Or to be delivered to or served on any Person or Persons for the Purpose of returning or estimating the said Duties respectively, shall be affixed, delivered, or served, and all Assessments of the said Duties, or any of them, shall be returned, estimated, ascertained, and made, and the said Duties shall be collected, levied, paid over, and accounted for, under and subject to the following Rules and Directions, which shall be deemed a Part of this Act, as if the said Rules and Directions had severally and respectively been inserted herein under a special Enactment,

No. I.

Rules and Directions for appointing A fie (Tors of the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, after the Expiration of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight.

First. — It shall he lawful for the respective Commissioners acting in the Execution of the several Acts relating to the said Duties respectively, and they are hereby respectively required, to appoint Assessors for each Parish, Ward, and Place within their respective Divisions, before the Commencement of each Year for which such Appointment shall be made, and to do and complete all Acts>jiccessary to such Appointment, so that the

k -8 A lie (furs

A.D. 1808.

48° GEORGII III. C. 141. 549

Assefiors to be appointed may enter on their Office on the Sixth Day of April in each Year, pursuing, in all other Re (peels, the Directions contained in the said Acts respectively in relation to such Appointments; which Appointments shall be and continue for and during the Year to commence on that Day, and until other Aftcflors Until be appointed for the fame Parishes, Wards, and Places, and for the fame Duties respectively.

Second. — In and for every Parish, Ward, or Place, wherein Assessors dull not be appointed before the Sixth Day of April in each Year, to serve for the Year ensuing as aforesaid, the last Appointment of A (Tellurs for the fame Pari fit, Ward, or Place (whether such Appointment shall have b^en or shall be made under any of the Acts in force at the Time of passing this Act, or under this Act), shall continue in force until other A(T: .Tors shall be appointed for the same Parish, Ward, or Place, and for the fame Duties respectively, according to the Directions of the said Acts.

Third. — In case the Assessor or Assessors appointed fur any former Year shall be dead, or be removed from, or be otherwise unfit or incapable to act for the Parish, Ward, or Place for which lie or they shall have been appointed, and in default of such Appointment of Assessors as aforesaid for the Year ensuing for the same Parish, Ward, or Place, and for the fame Duties respectivrly, then and in every such Case the la'l Appointment of a Collector or Collectors of the fame Duties for such Parish, Ward, or Place (whether such Appointment shall have been or shall be made under any of the Acts in force at the Time of passing this Act, or under this Act) (had continue in force until Afilfiors shall be arpointed for the same Parish, Ward, or Place, and for the lame Duties respectively, according to the Directions of the said Acts; and every such Collector shall, in every such Case, during such Continue ce in his Office of Collector, do, perform, and execute all such Matters aid Things as are directed by the said Acts or this Act to be done, performed, or executed4by AfleiTors; and all Pans of the said Acts or this Act relating to and applied to AfleiTors, shall in every such Case be construed as applicable to, and be in like Maimer, and to the like Intent, applied to such Collectors; and the Powers contained in the said Acts or this Act shall be as fully and amply exercised and prndtifed by such Collectors, as if the fame Powers had been exprefdy given to the said Collectors by the said Acts or this Act.

Fourth. — All Penalties imposed by any of the Acts in force at the Time of passing tins Act, on Assefiors, forrefufing or neglecting to take upon themselves the Office of Assessbr, or to perforin their Duty therein as prescribed by the said Acts respectively, shall be in the like Cases imposed on Assessors appointed according to this Act, for neglecting to take upon themselves the Office of A fie (Tor, or to perform their Duty as prelcnbed by this Act; and every such Collector as aforesaid, on whom the Duty of Alicfior shall have devolved in pursuance of this AcT, shall be subject and liable to the like Penalties for the like Neglect of Duty.

Fifth. — In every Parish, Ward, or Place, where Assefiors shall not be appointed in purluaucc of this Act, or being appointed shall not have taken upon themselves the Office on or before the Commencement of the ensuing* Year, or where the Assefiors or Collectors for any former Year on whom the Duty of Affcfibr shall have devolved, shall not have taken upon themselves the Office of Assessor on or before the Commencement of such ensuing Year, it shall be lawful for the Surveyor of the Diitridt, and lie is hereby required to execute the Duty of Assessbr for such Parish, Ward, or Place, until A fit (Tors shall be appointed who shall duly take upon themselves the said Office.

Sixth. — In every Notice of Continuance in Office of any Assessbr or Collector, the respective Commissioners who shall cause such Notice to be given, shall require the Attendance of such A Tel for or Collector on a Day and at a Place within the Division to be named in such Appointment or Notice, then and there to receive and take Charge of all such Notices and Papers as shall be delivered to them respectively, for the due Execution of the said Acts, in Manner herein after mentioned, which Day shall not be later than Seven Days after the Fifth Day of April in each Year; and in default of such Notice being given by such Commissioners, it shall be lawful for the Inspector or Surveyor of the Diih idl to give such Notice, and to require the Attendance of such Assessors or Collectors on a Day and at a Place within the Division to be named by the said Inspector or Surveyor for that Purpose.

M°. II*

Rules and Directions for Service of Notices to Per Tons liable to be charged to the said Duties, or any of them.

InTVfa, 1!t 'f such A'M*oii nrrnt, Au'Uw, rs lor I'.iMier Year*

nun

In certain tlu* (oli«*<Mors lift appointed flidll act.

AflVfTors YiaVd*

to Penalties for ref all ug 10 ail*

In certain Otfr*, Surveyors HiaU

act.

Attendance of AflVfiors to pr icr< <1 in executing A fit*

First. — All Notices relating to the said Duties, or any of them, requiring to be affixed on any Pkice, or to be delivered to or otherwise serve d on any Person or Persons for the Purposf of returning or ciV; niuing the said Duties respectively, shall be delivered by the ve'pedlive Surveyors of the Dill rids in which Inch Notices are required (or by the Inspecters for the fame Diitridts, or by any oilier Inspedurs or Surveyors of the fame Duties, duly authorized to take charge of such Diilricts respectively, by or under the Conumifioners for the Affairs of Taxes or any Three or more of them) to the ivfpeetive Aifeffors appointed or acting in puriunnee or this Act, or to the respective Collectors on whom the Duty of Assessbr shall have devolved as aforesaid, for the Pnrpofeof serving the fame on the respective Persons liable to the said Duties, i.\ the Manner required by the (.id Acts.

Second. — All such Notices shall be delivered to such Assessors or Collectors as afore ibid on or as Toon after the Sixth Day of April in each Year as the fame can be done; and the DTvery ot inch Not ices by such Inspectors or Surveyors, or any of them, shall be as effectual as if the fame had been delivered by the Cotw-missioners of the Division according to the Directions of the said Acts.

Third. — The said Assefiors and Collectors respectively are hereby required to observe such Directions as may from Time to Time be given to them by the said Inspectors and Surveyors, in ail Matters touching the Tune and Manner of fixing or delivering or othrnvilc serving such Notices, and the Periods on whom the tunic are to be served, such Directions having been previously ia which the said Inspector or Surveyor shall art.

48 Geo. III.

leer, am! allowed b\

4P

Survpvor d.iiver Notice-IVjKTl to Aiuilbrs.

Time of Deli very.

the Commissioner* acting for the Division

No.

A (a-Hors ami ('nlit-etors Ihiill obtVrve the OircAioin* of and

Survoou.

iS° ,

Timr of

delivering Or'iacme* of AileiTinem.

Fer making AffciTnieius in deii&uft ol Kcturn.

Ptrft Assessment Hull he rua<!e w thorn including Makers of Surcharge.

Times of Collection,

Tune of Delivery Ol Dupln V -'. of {'trft AlleU.uvnu.

JVynVvi in?

Ay{ «ih as to the Tutu.* of entering them.

Time of hear't.g Aivcah.

C. 141. 48° GEORGII III. A.D. 1808.

No. III.

Rules and Directions for making and returning the Certificates of Assessment, or Certificates of Ellimates, by Assessors acting under the said Acts, and for making and collecting the First Assessmentt in each Year.

V,

First.- — The Assessors of the said respective Duties shall deliver their Certificates to the respective Commissioners on or before the Day which such Commissioners shall appoint for that Purpose, yearly, which Day so to be appointed for the Delivery of the Certificates of Assessment of the Duties of A fie fled Taxes, shall not be later than the Twentieth Day of June in each Year of Assessment; and the Day to be appointed fur the Delivery of the Certificates of Ellimates of Property, or Profits of Professions, Trades* and Offices, shall not be later than the Twentieth Day of July in the same Year, on which Days respectively, the said Assefior final! also deliver to the respective Commissioners all the Returns or Statements relative to the said respective Duties made to the said Assessors before the respective Days so appointed; and all the Returns and Statements made by the Parties to be charged, .which shall be delivered after that Day, shall be delivered to the respective Commissioners. '

Second. — In all Cases relating to the Duties of Assessecl Taxes, where the Assefior or Assessors shall not have received any Return from any Person or Persons liable to be charged to the said Duties, it shall he lawful for such Assessor or Assessors, and he and they is and are hereby required to make a true Assessment on such Person or Persons, to the best of Iris or their Information and Judgment, of the real Charge which ought to be i in poled; and in all Cases relating to the Duty on Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices, where the respective Assessors shall not have received any Statement from any Party or Parties liable to be charged to the said Duties, it shall be lawful for the said Assefior or Assessors to estimate the Property of such Parties respectively, and the Profits arising from any Professions or Trades exercised, or any Offices held by such Parties respectively, according to the bell of his or their Information and Judgment; and in case the said Alfefibr or Assessors shall nut so estimate the Property or Profits of any such Party or Parties who shall not have made a Return for that Year, then such Assefior or Assessors shall return to the said Commissioners the Name and Place of residence of every such Party; and where the respective Commissioners shall also not have received any Statement, it shall be lawful for the said respective Commissioners to make an Assessment on such Party or Parties either in the fame Sums respectively, and to the fame Amount, as the said Parties respectively were charged in the kill Assessment of the said Duties for the said Division, or according to the best of their Judgment, subject to Alteration by Appeal or Surcharge, in the Manner directed by the Acts relating to the said Duties.

Third. — The First Assessment8 to be made of the said Duties or any of them, for any Year, shall be made according to the Ellimates or Returns and Assessments mentioned in the preceding Rule, without including therein any Matters of Surcharge by the Inspectors or Surveyors; which First Assessments respectively shall be separately and distinctly collcded, and shall be contained in the first Duplicates to be delivered to the Collectors and Surveyors for that Year, and shall be collected and levied in Moieties on the E^ays herein after mentioned; that is to say, One Moiety of the Duties of AlTefied Taxes, if not sooner paid or satisfied according to the Directions of the said Acts respectively, shall be collcded or levied before the Tenth Day of October, in each Year of Assessment, or within Twenty-one Days thereafter, and the other Moiety thereof before the Fifth Day of jbpnl following, or within Twenty-one Days thereafter; and One Moiety of the Duties on Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices, it not toouer paid or satisfied as aforesaid, shall be collcded, levied, or paid before the Fifth Day of January in each Year of Assessment, or within Twenty-one Days thereafter, and the other Moiety thereof before the F/fth Day of July following, or within Twenty-or.e Days thereafter: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be con ft rued to alter the Times or Proportions at which the fail Duties are payable, according to the Directions of the said Acts respectively, or in any Way to impeach or a fleet the Powers or Provisions of the fair! ACd for the Recovery of the said Dut; cs at Inch Times and in such Proportions as are therein prescribed, and the said respective Duties shall be deemed payable Quarterly at the Times mentioned in the said Acts, by Four In ft n! merits; and it shall be lawful to demand, receive, or levy the same according to the said Acts; any Thing herein contained to the eoy.tr. ry notwithstanding.

Fourth. — in order that due Time may be given for hearing Appeals against Inch First Assessments, the respective Commissioners are hereby required and" £rid!y enjoined to deliver, ' in all Cases relating to the Dunes of A fluffed Taxes, their Fn ft Duplicates thereof to the Mpeclive Collectors on or before the Twentieth Day of July in each Year, with Directions to came publick Notice thereof to be given in the Parish, Ward, or Place to which inch Duplicates relate- to which Duplicates in the Hands of such Collectors all Persons interdial shall Lave Ac eels, aid may examine the lame at any reafem-Me Time in the Day-time; and in all Cases relating to the Duties on Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices, the respective Commissioners shall, as and when they shall make an AfiLfiinent or any Person or Ik rfo.n; , cause a Notice thereof to be given in the Manner directed by the Acts relating to the said lall-inentioucd Duties, to the Party or Parties charged in and by such Ash Ament within the 8pace of Thiee l)avs after making such Assessment, and so from Time to Time, until all such A 11-ff neats shall be made, in winch Certificates shall be iulcrtod the Times limited for hearing the Appcafl; therefrom.

Fifth. — Ail Appeals again (I such First Assessments shall be entered, and due Notice thereof given within the respective Times Imran-after limited; that is to say, in all Cases relating to the Duties on A fie fled Taxes, within Twenty-eight Days after the Delivery of the Duplicates of the First Assessments to the ref active Collectors of the Parishes, Wards, or Places, for which such Aflbifinents shall be made; and in all Cales relating to the Duties on Property, Profefikms, Trader, and Offices, within Fifteen Days after the Date of the Notice of such First Alflfflnent, to the Party or Ihuties charged therewith.

Sixth. — All Appeals against such First Act' (fluents of the Duties of Alflefled Taxes, in any Year, Hull be lictrJ and dele mined b: tv.ecu the Twentieth, Day of Slugujl and the Tenth Day of September following; ami

A.D. 1808.48° GEORGII III. C. 141. 55r

on fuel, Day or Days within the Time herein limited, as the Commissioners of the Division shall appoint, whereof they are hereby required to give Notice in the Manner in which inch Notices have usually been given in the h vend Parities, Wards, and Places in their Division; and all Appeals against such First AircfTinents of the Duties on Property, Profcffiuns, Trades, and Cilices, in any Year, shall be heard and .determined as soon after Notice thereof shall be given to the respective Commifilor.ers as conveniently can be done, and for that Purpose the salt! respetflive Comminioners, or Two of them at the leall, shall meet together within Eight Days after any such Notice of Appeal fnali have been received by them, ai d so from Day to Day or from Time to Time, at reasonable Intervals, with or without Adjournment, until all Appeals against such First Afllffinent shall be heard and determined, of which Day or Days of Appeal the said respective Commissioners shall cause Notice to be given to the respective Appellants: Provided always, that in every Case where the Party afTc.icd Hull be preve tccl from appealing within the Time herein limited, or from attending in Per so 11 at the Time limited for hearing the Appeal of such Party by Absence or Sickness, or other fu hie lent Cause, to be proved before the respective Commissioners on the-Oath or solemn Aflirmation of the Party, it shall be lawful for the respective Commission ers to enter such Appeal after the Time herein limited, or to pollpoue the hearing thereof fur Inch reasonable Tune as shall be necessary, so that no Delay shall be thereby occalloned in the Payment or Coibction of the Sums contained in the said First Aftefiinent.

Sv.ve.ith. — 7'he said respective Conim.'lliouers shall cause to be delivered to the resptdlive Odlcdlors their Time of Duplicates of the First A tie ft men t, including in such Dupiicat-.s, as well all such Matters as haw been appealed d.-livrriruj against and determined by the said Commissioners, as all such Matters as have been afEfied and not appealed Duplicate* of against; aid all such Duplicates mail be delivered within the resp*ct; ve Tiir.ec herein after limited; that is to Lril Aifedmcut/ Ly, the Duplicates of t lie Duties of AffilTid Taxes on or before the Twentieth Day of September yearly, and the Duplicates of the Duties on Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices, on or before the Twentieth Day of D.ncmber yearly, to which Duplicates reflectively, Warrants shall be annexed for collecting the Duties therein contained within the Times respective'y before prescribed.

Eighth. — All such A IT ffinents which shall not have been made on or ! efore the Twentieth Day of September not tj|Cn in respect of the Duties of A (Teflld Taxes, and the Twentieth Day of December in respect of the Duties on determined to l>c Pmfelliuns, Trad* e, ai d Offices, or against which any Appeal shall be depending on thufe Days respectively, to I'lrtt

An II, on the making or determining the fame from Time to Time be added to such First Assessments and to the.Ailcflinm. respeilive Duplicates thereof; and the Duties therein, or the Moieties thereof which ought to have been previously collected or paid, shall be collected, levied, or paid, on or before such Day or Days as the respective*

Comniitlioners shall order by their Warrant annexed to the Duplicates of such added A ife Aments, such Day not being later than Twenty-one Days after the making such Assessment, or determining the Appeal thereon.

Ninth. — Whenever any Assessment of the Duties on Professions or Trades shall be made within the Time AflWftnrnt ur.W herein limited, under a Number or Letter the same shall be included in, or from Time to Time added to such a NumWifbe Firil A fie Aments, and the said Duties fh i'll be paid either into the Lank of England, or to the Receiver-General mU. d to hril or his Deputy, in the like Proportions as aforesaid, on or before the Day or Days herein appointed for col- Ac.filtyeat, it looting; Inch Duties by the ref peel ive Collectors, and the said Commissioners lludl dire A and order the same to j-^, J.j'vr/^or be paid accordingly; and in default of such Payment the said respeilive Commissioners shall cause the said imothe Bunk. ATftments to be added to the Duplicates in the Hands of the respective Collectors to whom the Collection of the Duties a fib fled on Persons by Name shall have been entrusted to be collected, by the fame Ways and Mi'thedc, a id under the like Powers and Provisions, as such last mentioned Duties are directed to be collected.

No. IV.

Rules and Directions for making and colL-cling the Supplementary Assessments in each Year.

First. — If any I: , spe stor or Surveyor shall have surcharged any Person or Persons for any Matter or Thing for which a Sure harge is allowed by the Acts relating to the said Duties respectively, it shall he lawful for such IrSpcfo: - a.ffi .Surveyor to deliver his or their Certificates of Surcharge, explicitly Hating the Particulars in rHpeci, to which such Surcharge has been made to the respective Commissioners in respect of the Duties of AfieliVd Taxes, at any Time on or before the Fifteenth Day of December in each Year of Assessment for tb.e % \nule of such Year, and in 1 vfpeA of the Duties on Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices, at any Time nftj* the Time herein prescribed for making the full A fie Aments of the said Duties for that Year, and from Tim? to Tim'* until the Commissioners shall Lave completed all the Assessments of their Division h r that Year, and shall have deliver d, in the Manner directed by the said Acts, the Duplicates thereof, and the same shall hav r been entered of R .Cvnd in His M; ijellsr, s Exchequer, which Certificates of Surcharge shall he signed and allowed by Two of the relpetTive Coir.n Tfioners, under the RvilnCtions, and subject to Appeal under the Conditio .is prescribed by the said Acts respectively.

Second. All Appeals against such Surcharges relating to the Duties of A.TcfRd Taxes shall be heard and determined by the Commissioners of the Division, or any Two or more of them, between the Twentieth Day of January and the Twentieth Day of February following; and all Appeals agau.il such Surcharges relating to the Dul.cs on Property, Professions, Trade?, and Offices shall be I card and determined according to the Lffieclions of this A cl before prescribed, in respect of Appeals against the Fii ft Afu-ftments of the lame Duties by the respective Commissioners; Provided always, that in every Case where the Paity surcharged shall have been prevented by Abft-ncc or Sickness, or other lufficieut Cause, to be proved before the respective Cotmvsif-Hoi.ers on the Oath or solemn Affirmation of the said Party, from appealing within the Time herein limited, or f.mm attending in Person at the Time limited for hearing such Appeals, it shall be lawful for the respective Comiraffioners to enter such Appeal after the Time herein limited, or to postpone the hearing thereof for such icasonable Time as may be necessary.

Th.rd. — The said Certificates of Surcharge, amended according to the Determination of the respective Com-rv. Doners, Avail be a sufficient Authority to them, and they are hereby required to cause Supplementary Aikkaients to be made out of the said Duties refuecdivclv, including therein all Matters so furchprgc^|r§Yl^yl|

Time of making Surcharges*

Tune of n.a).u.£ Aj'i e. h li'uru Surcharge*.

Siij'Trmenfary Allcilmruts to be ^ade on die ^Surcharges ul\*j Apj-vab.

A.D. 1808.

Juipplementary

A lit Hir^ms to be , y-'*1 t*tt the bill Initalmi nt of the* Da: ie < on tltc

1 irllAl't iTnifuts. AfTt-iW, nis not conij lolo<! uiih'n the* Time shall be folk^d iu one Sum.

Penalty on vexations

Sure hardest, lOO]. Jv. c.

edloAf.rs shall pay the Unties on the next Keee'rpr, ami aoemmt twice «uh Year.

Kooripts fl all he <1 , vrn lor av h iiieii

Payment.

In Drilutll of j'.«)inn, the full Amount, a Schedule of

Arrears shall be givtMi,

C.t4l. 48° GEORGII III.

such Matters as have not been appealed against, as the Matters determined by the said Commissioners, which Matters shall be few rally charged to the said Dudes respectively, according to the said Certificates of Surcharge, amended, in Cases requiring Amendment, according to the .Determination of the said Commissioners, and also including therein the Double Duties or Moieties, or Parts thereof a Helled, over and above the Rates of Duty prelerilxd by the said A els respectively, and also all Dines and Penalties imposed on any Person or Persons by the said respective Commissioners within the Year of Assessment for Offences committed against the said Act* or this Act; which Double Duties or Moieties, or Parts thereof, and Penalties, shall severally and respectively be added to Inch Supplementary Asseftmcr.t?, and be collected therewith.

Fourth. — The Duties and Sums of Money contained in the Supplementary Assessments of each Year, which shall be completed within the Time herein limited, shall, if not fobuer paid or satisfied according to the Directions of the said Acts respectively, be collected and levied at the respective Times herein-before appointed for Payment of the lull Instalment of the Duties contained in the First Assessments of the said Duties respectively for t}*at Year; and each Assessment thereof shall be collected, levied, or paid in One Sum.

Filth. — In all Cases where the said Duties, or any of them, shall not have been ascertained and assessed before the respective Days appointed by tin's Act for Payment for the last Instalment thereof, the fame respectively shall and may be alleffed from Time to Time, until a complete Assessment be made, and shall be collected, levied, or paid in one Sum within Twenty-one Days after Notice of the Amount contained in the Assessment thereof.

Sixth. — If any Inspector or Surveyor shall wilfully make any fnlfe and vexatious Surcharge of any of the Duties contained in any of the said Acts, or shall wilfully deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the respective Commissioners for executing the said Acts or any of them, any false and vexatious Certificate of Surcharge of any of the said Duties, every such Inspector or Surveyor shall be liable to forfeit to the Party aggrieved any Sum not exceding One hundred Pounds, or Treble the Value of the Sum claimed by such Surcharge, over and above the Rate of Duty charged by the said Acts respectively, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of IDs Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster for Offences committed in England, and in the Court of Great Sessions for Offences committed in Wales with full Coils of Suit; and it shall be lawful for the Party aggrieved to fuc cipher for the said Penalty of One hundred Pounds, or for the said Treble Value under this Att, at his or Iter Election; and it shall nlfo be lawful for the Judge before whom such Inspector or Surveyor shall have been convicted of such Offence in any such Suit, cither for the said Penalty or Treble Value, or any Part thereof, by Indorsement on the Poltea, or for the Court before whom such Inspector or Surveyor shall be convicted, by Entry on the Record, to certify his or their Satisfaction with such Conviction; and in every such Case the said Certificate shall be an Authority to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and they are hereby required to cause to be paid by the Receiver General of the County, Riding, or Division wherein such Conviction was had, out of any Monies of the said Duties respectively in his Hands, such reasonable Expences as the Plaintiff shall have incurred, over and above the Costs of Suit as aforesaid, the Amount thereof being certified by the proper Officer for taxing Colts of the Court in which such Suit shall be commenced, to have been necessarily expended, and allowed by such Officer as between Attorney and Client; and every such Inspector or Surveyor shall, after such Conviction, be discharged from his Employment.

No. V.

Rules and Directions forpaying to the Receiver General, and accounting for the Duties

received by the Collectors.

First. — The several Collectors shall pny to the Receiver General or his Deputy, all Monies of the said respective Duties which the said Collectors shall have received or levied, by virtue of any of the Acts herein mentioned, on the respective Days herein appointed for Payment of the said Duties or any of them, next after their Receipt of the lame, and shall, twice in each Year, account with such Receiver General or his Deputy in the Manner herein after mentioned, for all such Duties; that is to say, for the Duties of Assessed Taxes, the said Collectors shall pay or account for One entire Moiety thereof on the Day to be appointed next after the Tenth Day of 677ober, a: id the Remainder thereof on the Day to be appointed next after the Fifth Day of Jlprii in each Year; and for the Duties on Property, Profcflicns, Trades, and Offices, the said Collectors shall pay or account for One entire Moiety thereof on the Day to be appointed next after the Fifth Day of January in each Year, and the Remainder thereof on the Day to be appointed next after the Fifth Day of July following; on which last mentioned Days appointed for Payment to* the said Receiver General or his Deputy, of the said respective Duties, videlicet, on the Day appointed next after the Fifth Day of April yearly, for the Payment of the last Moiety of the Duties of Afieffed Taxes, and on the Day appointed next after the Fifth Day of July yearly, for Payment of the last Moiety of the Duties on Property, Proftfiions, Trades, and Offices, the full and entire Amount of Duties, Penalties, and Sums of Money contained in the said Supplementary Assessments of the said respedivo Duties, shall also be paid to the Receiver General or his Deputy, or accounted for to him or them in the M timer herein after directed; for which Payments, the said Receiver General or his Deputy shall give to such Collectors Receipts in Writing, distinguishing the Amounts received for the Duties on Aflelfed Taxes from the Amount received for the Duties on Property, Prefinionp, Trades, and Offices, and from all ether Duties payable to His Majesty, and for which Receipts no Stamp Duty shall be charged or chargeable, any Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding: Provided, that if any Collector or Collectors shall not at or before the respective Times herein-before limited, have received or It vied the said respective Duties, or shall not then account to the Receiver General or his Deputy for the fame, in the Proportions before directed, he or they shall deliver to the said Receiver General or his Deputy, at the respective Times appointed for such Payments, or to the Commissioners of the Division, within Three Days after the respective Times aforesaid, a Schedule in Writing, signed by such ^Cotl^q^tOdEctors, containing the Chriitiau and Surname of each Defaulter, and the respediv<D^feotdii(byiV^(^OTladt such Defaulter, 7 with

A.D. 1808.

0 GEORGII III.

C. 141. 553

with an Affidavit subscribed, to be made on the Oath or Affirmation of the said Collector or Collectors (which Oath or Affirmation may be taken before any One Commissioner of the Division) that the several Sums contained in the said Schedule have been demanded trom, and are due and wholly unpaid from the respective Persons charged therewith, either to such Collector or Collectors, or to any other Person or Persons for such Collector or Collectors, to the belt of his or their Knowledge and Belief.

Second. — Every such Schedule, being certified under the Pland of the Receiver General or his Deputy of the County or Division where the said Arrears accrued to the Court of Exchequer at Westm 'ivjlery shall be received and taken as sufficient Evidence of a Debt due to His Majesty, and shall be a sufficient Authority to the Barons of the said Court, or any One of them, to cause Process to be issued against such Defaulter named in the said Schedules, to levy the whole Sum in Arrear and unpaid by such Defaulter; and the Sheriff or other Officer to whom the said Process shall be directed, shall, without Delay, cause the whole Sum in Arrear to be levied by due Course of Eaw as a Debt to His Majesty on Record, with all Costs and Expences attending the fame, and shall pay the Monies so levied, after deducting the said Costs and Expences, to the said Receiver General or his Deputy, and shall make Return of the said Process to the said Court, according to the clue Course thereof: Provided that every such Schedule shall remain with the Commissioners of the Division for the Space of Forty Days before the Certificate thereof shall he transmitted to such Court, during which Period of Forty Days every such Collector shall give due Notice of such Schedule to the several Defaulters named therein, in such Manner as the said respective Commissioners shall direct, on pain that every Collector neglecting so to do shall forfeit the like Penalty as is imposed on Collectors by the said several Acts, or any of them, in other Cases of Neglect of Duty; and it shall be lawful for every such Defaulter within the like Period to pay his or her Arrears to the said Collector or Collectors, whose Receipt shall be a sufficient Authority to the said Commissioners to discharge the Arrears so paid from the said Schedule; and it shall also be lawful for the said Commissioners, if they shall see Cause, to issue fresh Warrants to collect the said Arrears, or any of them, within the said Period of Forty Days, and during that Period to use all or any the Means or Methods prescribed by the several Acts relating to the said respective Duties, for the Recovery of the said Arrears, or direct the said Arrears to be levied by the respective Collectors under their former Warrant, as shall be most expedient; and all Warrants to be issued for that Purpose may be directed either to the said Collectors, or to the High Constable, Constables, or other Peace Officers, within the Limits of their Division, or any one or more of them, or to any other Person or Persons whom the said Commissioners shall think proper, with Authority to levy by Dili refs and Sale, in the Manner directed by the said Acts respectiwiy, the Sums in Arrear, together with all Coils and Expences attending the said Process and the Execution thereof; and the Sums so levied, after deducing the said Colls and Expences, shall be paid to the Receiver General or his Deputy, at such Time and Place as the said Receiver General shall appoint, and shall be ililcharged from the said Schedule; and all High Couilables, Con (tables, and other Peace Officers, within the said Division, shall act in Obedience to the Directions of the said Commissioners, and shall execute all such Orders and Process as shall be to them or any of them directed, for the Recovery of the said Arrears: Provided also, that when the Commissioners of the Division shall certify to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes any reasonable Cause for Non-payment of, or for not proceeding to levy any Part of the said Arrea s included in the said Schedule, and that they have good Reason to believe the lame will be paid within a reasonable Time, to be dated in lueh Certificate, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of the Division to retain the said Schedule in their Hands, for such further Time as shall be necessary, and as shall be mentioned in their aforesaid Certificate.

Third. — In default of such Schedule being delivered within the Space of Three Days as aforesaid, either to the Receiver General or his Deputy, or to the said Commissioners, it shall be lawful for the Receiver General, to whom the Payments of the said Duties ffnall not have been made in the Proportions herein prescribed, and at the Times above mentioned, and he is hereby required to certify to the said Court of Exchequer the Amount of the Duties remaining unpaid to the best of his Knowledge and Belief, and the particular Ward, Parish, or Place, and the Division where such Failure hath happened, together with the Name6 of the Collectors of the said Parish, Ward, or Place; and such Certificate under the Hand of such Receiver General or his Deputy', llmllbe a sufficient Authority to the Barons of the said Court, or any one of them, to cause Process by way of Djjiringas to be issued out of such Court against the said Collector or Collectors, upon which AVrit of DJlringits the* Sheriff or other Officer to whom the said Process shall be directed, shall return such Issues from Time to Time as such Court or Baron shall order, until a Return of such Schedule and Arrears shall have been made to the said Court, and immediate Process shall thereupon issue for levying the said Arrears out of and under the Seal of such Court, which Levy shall not be remitted unless all the said Duties in Arrear shall be pa: d or (atiffied before the Return of such Process.

Fourth. — On each Half-yearly Day of Payment, as herein is directed, the Surveyor of the Diffricl shall, on Not'ce thereof from the Receiver General or his Deputy, attend with such of the Duplicates of Assessment as shall have been delivered to him, and as shall be required by the said Receiver General or his Deputy, and fhm* afful him or them in adjuiling the Accounts of Payments and of Arrears, and shall dlfo afiiil the Collectors in irr.kir.'j out thei- Schedules of Arrears to the best of his Judgment.

o

Ortifcat* of such ScMute h<* Ground of Process.

Schedule shall remain " Coinmiffawer*

ft/T a t errain Tune, 'hiring which Collins i Rollers levy WaiTdUts*

Irs Default of such Si imiuie. Ret river General may certify the Default to the Exchequer.

Surveyor ffall nster.ii Receiver G'-m rul at lira Receipt.

Fifth. — The Duties contained in any Schedule of Arrears, as aforesaid, which shall be paid to 1 or Collectors within the Period of Forty Days before-mentioned, or within such further Perioc been dated in the Certificate c» the Commissioners for the Retention of such Schedule as before mentmm

such G'H.-aor iod as shall have

- nHMitivdii d, ll'"'

be paid over to such Receiver General or his Deputy, at such Time and Place as the said Receiver General (hill appoint.

Sixth. — Whenever any Collector or Collectors shall have advanced and paid to the Receiver General or his Deputy any Sum of Money for or on account of the Duties a (be fled on any other Person or Persons, whether at Lis or their Request of'not, it shall be lawful for such Collc&oror Collectors, in default of Repayment to hial

ralj

Pivment of INti* to lm.-ii.uii u..cr< '! r* A-r-, ^1 , e I h it It.vied.

( UtTfors ailv; irtiit£ Duties < iq tweri <1 t«-» lew uie qVhi,

<Vnnmeric orient, of precnling

Kales Dec. ill,

i yoe.

No Lift of any Article fur-ch: irj; c(l shall be required, it jirovctl to be returned be lore the Date of the Notice.

Penalty on InspeAns ainl

Surveyors liot; L*ung to attend Met tings of the ( om-ivnUkmew.

His Majesty or the Treasury n>ny appoint Ten }* rlo»s to be Inspe<fiors General, aui -allow them Hilaries, &. c.

Tluir Powt rs.

T. vi fit Inspe&ors and Surveyors.

To ndmimfief an Oath to Inspedn-rs and Surveyors.

Inspe£or General may report to Gommi (Tinners Division.

C. 141. 48° GEORGII III. A.D. 18c8.

or them at any Time within the Space of Six Calender Months after such Payment, to levy the said Duties by the like Ways and Methods, as such Collector or Collectors might have levied the fame before such Payment thereof to such Receiver General or his Deputy, and as if such Duties had not been paid or satisfied.

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act, as to all Matters contained in the Rules of the preceding

Clause, shall commence and take Efiecl from and after the Thirty-lirst Day of December One thousand eight hundred and eight, in respect of all AiiMllnents to be made for any Year after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nine.

III. And be it further enacted, That in Cases of Surcharge under the said Acts relating to the Duties of A fluffed Taxes, no Lift, Affidavit, or Oath shall be required of any Article, Matter, or Tiling which the Party surcharged shall prove to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Appeal to have been duly returned before the Date of the said Notice, in any List delivered by the said Party fur the, Year for which such Sur-charge shall be made; and either the said Return, or a Certificate thereof, signed by Two CommiiTuners of the Division where the Return shall be made, shall be received conclusively as Proof thereof; and the Return or Returns required by the said Acts shall be deemed full, perfect, and complete Returns, if the amended Return, together with the Return before made, shall include all Articles, Matters, and Things for which the Party so surcharged shall be chargeable; and no Person shall be liable to Surcharge for any Article, Matter, or 'Piling before returned by him or her, according to the Directions of the said recited Acts or of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That when the Comm'fiiotiers of any Division shall have fixed the Day or Days of Appeal against the Surcharges made by any Inspector or Surveyor, under the said, Acts or any of them, and shall have caused due Notice thereof to be given, according to the Directions of the said Acts, and the said Lispector or Surveyor having like Notice thereof, shall wilfully uegledt to attend the Meeting or Meetings of the said Commissioners, held in pursuance of inch Notices, whereby the CommissioncTS shall be prevented in proceeding to hear such Appeals, it shall Jie lawful for the said Commissioners to allow to each Appellant attending such Meeting, a r<.; afonab!e Compeafatiou for such Attendance, to be settled by the said Commissioners, and paid to such Appellants respectively by the Receiver General of the said Duties, or his Deputy, on the Production of the Certificates of any Two or more of the said Commissioners, teilifying fiu.li Allowance.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, or the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, now or for the Time being, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, from Time to Time to constitute and appoint, for England ar: d ! Tales, such Person or Persons, not exceeding Ten in Number at any one Time, as His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, or the said Commissioners of tire Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall think proper to be Inspectors General for the special Purposes of this Act, herein after specified ar; d declared; aid to allow to such Inspe&urs General such reasonable Salaries, Charges, and Expences, as may be necvflary for their Pains in executing this Act in the several Particulars herein after mentioned; anti no Person to be appointed inspector General under this Act shall be entitled to amend any Assessment made under the said Acts, or to (urcharge any Person or Persons in respect thereof; nor shall any such Person have or receive or claim any Advantage or Emolument from any A fie (linen t or Surcharge to be made under any of the said Acts, nor any other Emolument than the Salary and Allowance authorized by His Majesty, the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer as aforesaid.

The Powers to be vested in the Inspectors General.

First. — It shall be lawful for such Inspectors General to viftt from Time to Time each inspector and Surveyor acting in the Execution of the several Act relating as well to the Duties of A defied Taxes as the said Dimes on Property, Profeftions, Trades, and Offices, witlrin the Limits of the Circuit for which such Iwfpc&or General shall be appointed, and to examine all or any of the Books and Assessments, and Duplicates, or Certificates of Assessment or Surcharge in the Hands or Power of such Inspector or Surveyor; and also to enquire ^nto the Conduct of_every i'uch Infp .dlor and Surveyor in the Execution of their respective Offices, and into their Fitness and, Capacity to execute the fame, and to report from Time to Time on the several Matters aforesaid to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and every such inspector and Surveyor ftnll attend such Inspector General at such Time and at Inch Place, within the Diilrict of such Inspector and Surveyor, as the said Inspector General shall appoint, and shall have given Three Days Notice of, to such Inspector or Surveyor.

Second. — It shall be lawful for every such Inspetflor General, to administer to any such Inspector or Surveyor, whenever he shall see Occasion to examine him or them in any Matter touching the Execution of life said Acts, an Oath that he shall true A.ufwer make to all such Quetlioas as shall be demanded of him; and the Subftauce of such Answer or Answers as such inspector or Surveyor shall give, shall in his Presence be reduced into Writing, and read to him, with Liberty to alter or amend the fame in any Particular; and he fluid iign his A (Tent to the fame in his own Name, and in his usual Marnier of Writing or ligning the same.

Third. — It shall be lawful for every such Inspector General as aforesaid, whenever he ftnll fee Occasion, to report to the Commissioners of the Division on any Matter or Tiling touching the Execution oi the said Acis or this Act in relation to any Assessment or Assessments in lueh Division, or touching the CondiRl of any Clerk to such Commissioners, or of any Aftvftbr or Colledflor appointed under the said Acts or this Act, together with the Opinion of such Inspector General thereon; and every such Inspector General shall Iran la; it a Duplicate of such last-mentioned Reports to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and whenever any Inspector General shall have reported to the Commissioners of any Division, any such Matter or Thing which, in the Opinion of such Inspector General, shall require the particular Consideration of the Commifliners of such Division, it shall be lawful for them to hold a Meeting for that Purpose, and they arc h m by reqimvd to hold such Meeting within a reasonable Time after such Report, at which Meeting, such Inspecto; Genial a: \y

vjUO|

555

A.D. 1808. 48° GEORGII III. C. 141.

attend fertile Purpose of explaining the Matter or Matters contained in the said Report, and of suggesting for their Consideration the Propriety of adopting such Order or Orders as may be agreed upon by the major Part of the Commissioners of such Division who shall be present at such Meeting.

Fourth. — If any Inspector General as aforesaid, or any Commissioner for the JDivision, who shall have been In cmairr present at any Meeting of Comini (Tuners at which the Report of such In spector General shall hare been taken Inflames, into Consideration as aforesaid, shall apprehend*the Determination made by the Commissioners at such Meeting trai, t|-I"i^.1(Je on the said Report, or any of the Matters therein contained, to be contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of Commission* the said Acts relating to the said Duties respectively, or any of the said Acts, it shal] be lawful to and for Inch for Toai*.

Inspector General, and to and for any One or more of the Commissioners for the Division, present at the Time of such Determination respectively, to require a Case to be prepared, and ligned by the said Commissioners for the Division; in which Case the said Commissioners shall date specially the Part or Parts of the Report of the said Inspector General, and the Fadts on which the Question arofc, together with their Determination thereupon, and any other Circumstances influencing the said Commissioners in such their Determination, and which Case the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them then present, are hereby required to (late and sign accordingly, and to casafe the same to be transmitted to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, who shall forthwith submit the same to the Judges of the Courts of Record at Westminster; and such Judges, or any Two or more of them, are hereby required, with all convenient Speed, to return an Answer to inch Case so transmitted, with their Opinion thereon subscribed thereto, and what ought under all Circumstances to be done therein, according to which Opinion and Directions so certified, the Determination of the Commissioners v\ hich shall have been so objected to, and which shall be dated in such Case, shall be confirmed, reversed, altered, or amended, as the Case may require, and if any Assessinenta shall be depending on such Determination of the said Commissioners, the same shall also be altered or confirmed according to the said Opinion.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That none of the Provisions of this Act herein-before con- Ex<.<.pgon at

tained shall be conitruefl to extend to that Part ot Great Britain called Scotland, Scotland.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in estimating and a lie (Ting Lands held for a longer Period than Seven Annual Years by any Tenant or Tenants under a Demise from Year to Year, or at Will, to the Duties granted by 'iVnanteiet

the said lflll-mentioned Acts on the Profits of Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices, the same shall be lalling lor more edimated and assessed throughout Great Britain at the annual Value thereof, unless the Tenant or Tenants shall dxaT' St'v, 'n ^<ar*

shew a ad prove to the Satisfaction of the Cornmifliouers of the Division acting in Execution of the said lull^'

mentioned Acts, that the lame Lands a re held under a Derr.ife which commenced by Agreement made, and a |»roj>erty by the Rent fixed, within the Period of Seven Years, on the Determination of the former JDemiic thereof by due Value.

Notice within the said Period.

VIII.*And whereas Doubts have arisen under the said last mentioned Act as to the Manner of estimating and charging the Duty on the Profits arising from Lands occupied as Gardens or Nurseries, or for the Growth

f of Hops; be it further enacted and declared, That the Profits arising from such Lands shall he edimated Manner of throughout Great Britaint according to the Rules contained in Schedule (D.) of the said Act, and the Duty cluir^in^ Nursery shall be charged at the Rate contained in the said Schedule; and that when the said Duty shall have been so Gaulon*ami

ascertained, the same shall be charged with the Duties in Schedule (B.) as Profits arising from the Occupation II°P Grounds,

of Lands.

IX. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Produce of or the Profits or Gains arising from Foreign poro^n Profit*

[ rodessions or Foreign Securities, or from Possessions , or Securities in any of His Majesty Dominions-out of where to be

1 Crea* Britain., shall have been partly imported into the Port of London and partly into any of the Out-poits of afleifirt.

W L tverpool, cr Glafg'.'w, mentioned in the said last-mentioned Act, or shall have been received by any 1 Perfort or Persons partly in the City of London and partly in any of the said Out-ports within the Period of making up the Account on which the Duty is chargeable by the said last-mentioned Act, according to the Rules therein contained, the Whole of the Duty chargeable under the said Act in respect of such Produce, or such Profit i or Gains so imported or received, shall be ailefled and charged by the Commissioners adding for the said City of London, and not elsewhere, and as if the W hole of the said Produce, or the said Profits or Gains a; iii., g within the said Period, had been imported into or received in Ian don; and whenever such Produce, or j such Profits or Gains arising as aforesaid, shall have been within such Period wholly imported into or received

I at the Ou for its of BrljloU Liverpool, or Glajgwv* and different Parts thereof, flrall have been imported into or received at Two or more of inch Out-ports, the Duty chargeable thereon shall be ailefled and charged at one of such Places only, and in one Account, and at such of the said Places at which the major Part in Value of such*)

Produce, cr Profits, or Gains, flrall have been so imported or received; provided that the Statements of such Produce, Profits, or Gains, shall be delivered to the Commissioners adiing for each Place at which any Part of j the said Produce, or Profits, or Gains, shall have been so imported or received, and transmitted by the respective Commissioners to the Office for Taxes in Somerset Hvufr; and the Commissioners there flrall cause all such ( Statements to Ire font to the Commissioners acting for the Place where the Duty thereon shall appear, by such

j Statements, to be chargeable according to this Act, who shall accordingly afleis the fame in one Sum*

j X. And be it further enacted, That the Profits arising from the Docks called Tbs London Docks and ITtJl IV, fit* arising

India Decks respectively, situate in the County of JMuldlesex, Audi be assessed by the Commissioners acting for fi in the Loru!uir the City of London^ under the said Act for granting Duties arising from the Profits of Property, Prose(lions, Dock* ana Weflt Trades, and Offices, so long as the general Accounts of the said respective Docks shall be made up within Dorks tlmll

I "» said City. CommiSit

XL. And be it further enacted, That where the principal Officers under any Corporation shall not have for London, an^bijited Commissioners for act.fling the Officers of such Corporation, and returned the same to the Office for 'pjl0 prop)ts of I axes or the several Years clapud during the Continuance of the said last-mentioned Act, prior to the Sixth (Wpi>ratcOiuer»

Pay of April One thousand eight hundred and eight, or where such Commissioners may have been appointed, (Mi he a.Trtird but (had not have edited in the Execution of the said Act before the Sixth Day of April One thousand eight J? ihc DutnA j hundred and eight, then and in every such Case, the Duties chargeable under the said Act, in respect of Jigf"n"'ue",

Office ^y^XiluUCCUt of

A.D. 1808.

Commissioners h*> lit.cn nau'e, or the

('.tKHu 'iCCu'ners lnw iu»t uricd.

CVi'ain

ih; itl hp alh-lfed according to

HIKH-Xt-d

liolule.

Exceptions.

J.arvd Tax,

3S G. 3. c. 5.

Ptnfiuns, &c.

c. 01. aaG.o. c. 55.

4QG.3. c. 71.

C. 14.T, 142. 4* O R G11 III.

Office or Offices held under such Corporation within Great Britain shall, during the Continuance of the said Act, he afiefled and charged by the Commissioners acting for the Division where the said Odices shall be cxciciicd, and not in the Department of Office; and no Appointment of Commissioners in such Department, made or to be made, Avail be valid as to any Assessment to be made after the said Fifth Day of - ylpril One thousand eight hundred and eight, for any Year since the passing of the said Act.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the several Pari dies and Places, or Parts of Parishe* or Places, set down in the First Column of the following Schedule, and which have been heretofore charged to the said respective Duties or either of them, in the respective Divisions mentioned in the Second Column of the said Schedule, and set opposite thereto respectively, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be charged to the said respective Duties in the Divisions, and shall be subject to the Jurisdiction of the Commissioners, and Persons adlitig under them, and to the Inspectors and Surveyors of the Division mentioned in the Third Column of the said Schedule, and set opposite thereto respectively.

SCHEDULE referred to by the above Clause.

Descrijmon of Rriflies or Places, Heretofore charged in Hereafter to he charged in.

Part of the Parish of Wokington, "| situate in the Counties of Berks > and Wilts - - - J Hundred of Amefbury, Wiltshire. Hundred of Sonning, Berkshire.

Part of the Parish and Town of "j Morpeth, in the County of North-^umbei land J CafUeward, Northumberland. Morpeth Ward, Northumberland.

Part of the Parish of Gillingham, in 1 the County of Kent, called The ( Grange, Parcel of the Liberty of t Hailings, in the County of SufTcx J Town and Port of Hallings, County of SulTex, and Liberty thereof. Rochester Division, Part of the Lathe of Ford, County of Kent.

Bnffiton, Part of the Parish of Cleeve 1 Pyhard in the County of Wilts J Hundred of EHlub and Everley, Wiltshire. Hundred of Kinglbridge, Wiltshire.

Little Ifinton in the County of I Wilts J The fame. The fame.

Wroughton in the County of Wilts The fame. The fame.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act Avail be con(lrued to extend to any of the Cases herein after specified; (that is to say)

Fir A: . — To the Duties granted by an Act, passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, by Way of a Land Tax.

Second, — To the Duties granted, or to be granted, by any Act or Acts of Parliament for One Year, for the Service of such Year.

Act may be altered this Session. §14. Commencement of the Act, where other Provision is not made, 44 5th April 180S. §15, "

CAP. CXLII.

An Act for enabling the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, to grant Life Annuities.

[2d July 1808.]

WHEREAS by several Acts passed in the Reign of His present Majesty, videlicet) an Act passed in the 4 V? Twenty-sixth Year of His Majesty, intituled, an Act for v fling certain Sums in Commissioners at the End of every Quarter of a Tear, to be by them applied to the Reduction of the National Debt; an Act passed in the Thirty-second Year of His Majesty, intituled, An yift to render more effectual an Act made in the Twenty* 1 ear of His present Ma'jeJly's Reign, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Sums in Commi/fnncn at the End of every Quarter of a Tear9 to be by them applied to t\j Reduction of the National Debt; f and to direct the Application of an additional Sum to the Reduction of the said Debt) in case of future Loans; and an At\ pa/T.d 4 in the Forty-second Year of His Majesty, intituled, An ytft to amend and render more effectual Two A fts pafful in the 'Twenty-sixth and Thirtysecond Tears of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Reduction of the National Debt; certain Provisions were made for the Establishment and Regulation of the Funds therein created or directed to be created for thfe Redemption of the National Debt commonly called The Sin Ling Fund: And whereas it would tend to a more speedy and efficient Reduction of the National Debt, if the Co mini ill on : rs for the Reduction of the said Debt were enabled, under certain Limitations and Rellnctions, to grant Life Annuities, charged upon and payable out of the Funds created as aforesaid for the Redemption of the National Debt, in consideration of the Transfer to them of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities \ and it n therefore expedient that the Provisions of the said recited Acts, relating to the Redemption

'of

i

A.D. 1808.

48° GEORGII III.

0< 142*

557

u r , \V:

P

4 of the National Debt, should be varied and amended in so far as may be necessary for carrying the said Measure*into effect, and as herein after expressed* Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That notwithstanding any Thing in the said recited Acts, or any of them, contained to the contrary thereof, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, at any Time from and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eight, to accept and receive from any Person or Persons whomsoever, the Transfer of any Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, as the Consideration for the Purchase of Life Annuities, to be charged upon and payable out of the Funds created as aforesaid, for the Redemption of the National Debt, commonly called The Sinking Fund, either on the Continuance of tingle Live.*, or on the Continuance of Two Lives, and the Life of the longer Liver of them, in the Manner and under the Limitations, Restrictions, and Regulations herein after expressed: Provided always, that if it shall appear to the said Commissioners that such Transfers cannot conveniently be received until after some Day subsequent to the said First Day of Awjufl, it shall be lawful for them to appoint some other Day after the said First: Day of August % and prior to the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and eight, giving Notice in the London Gazette of the Day io appointed by them, after which such Transfers may be received.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every Persons or Person who shall be desirous of purchasing under the Provisions of this Act, a Life Annuity on the Continuance of a lingle Life, shall be at Liberty to name any Person to be the Nominee, on the Continuance of whose Life the said Annuity is to depend and all and every Persons or Person who shall be delirous of purchasing a Life Annuity on the Continuance of the Lives of Two Persons, and of the Life of the longer Liver of them, shall be at Liberty to name any Two Persons to be the Nominees, on the Continuance of whose Lives and of the Life of the longer Liver of them, the said Annuity is to depend: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be couilrued to prevent Persons purchasing Life Annuities under this Act, from naming themselves respectively to be the Persons 0*1 the Continuance of whose Lives such Life Annuities respectively are to depend.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to name any Person to be a Nominee, either for an Annuity on the Continuance of a Angle Life, or for an Annuity on the Continuance of Two Lives, and the Life of the longer Liver of them, who shall be under the Age of Thirty-five Years at the Time of such Nomination: Provided also, that no Person who shall not be a Native of, and resident in, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, shall be capable of being the Nominee in resp.'ct of any Life Annuity which shall be purchased by or on the Behalf of any other Person or Persons.

IV. And be it further enacted, That before any such Bank Annuities shall be permitted to be transferred to the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, for the Purchase of any Life Annuity under the Provisions of this Act, a Declaration in the Form specified in the Schedule to this A cl annexed marked (A.) Hull be ligned by the Person or One of the Persons desirous of purchasing such Annuity, or by some Person on his, her, or their Behalf, and be delivered to the Officer to be appointed for that Purposeby the said Commi(Tinners; and in case the Nominee or Nominees on whose Life or Live* such Annuity is intended to be purchased, shall have been born in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, there shall also be produced tJ the said Officer a true Copy of the Regiller of the Birth or Baptism of such Nominee (or of each of such Nominees in case there shall be Two) and also a Certificate of the fame under the Hand of the MiniAer of the Parish or Place where such RegiAer shall be kept, or in the Absence of the MiniAer then a Certificate (wherein such Absence shall be specified) under the Hands of the Churchwardens and Overseers of such Parish or Place, or my Two of them, to be attected in both Cases by Two or more credible Witnesses, certifying that such Copy of the RegiAer is a true Copy; to which Certificate shall also be annexed an AffiLivit of the said Wi*-Heltes who attested the Execution thereof, or One of them, or their, his, or her solemn Affirmation (in case they or either of them shall be of the Perfttalioa called Quakers) to be made before any JuAice of the Peace or Magistrate of the County, City, Riding, Town, or Place wherein the Place of the Birth or Baptism of any such Nominee shall be situate, if in England or Scotland, or if in Ireland, then before One of the Barons of she Exchequer there, that such Witness or Witnesses did examine and compare the said Copy of the RegiAer of Birth or Baptism with the RegiAer thereof, and did fee such MiniAer, or Church wardens and Overseers (as the Case may be) sign the said Certificate, and that the Names of such Witnesses are of their own proper Hand Writing; and to the said Certificate shall also be annexed an Affidavit or solemn Affirmation made by the Purchaser of the said Annuity (or by One oi the Purchasers in cale there drill be Two or more) or by some Person on his, her, or their Behalf, before any JuAice of the Peace or Magistrate, if in England or Scotian /, or if in Ireland then before any One of the Barons of the Exchequer there, that the Person named and deferihed in the Copyor Certificate of the RegiAer of Birth or Baptism produced to the said Officer, is the same Person who is appointed to be such Nominee: Provided always, that in all Cales where the Copy or Certificate so produced, shall purport to be a Copy or Certificate of the RegiAer of the Baptism only, and not of the Birth of the Nominee, the Age of such Nominee shall, for the Purposes of this Act, be calculated from the Date of such Baptism, and the Amount of the Annuity to be purch lied on his or her Life shall be estimated and ascertained in like Manner, in all Respects, as if Inch Nominee hud been born on the Day expressed in the said Copy or Certificate to be the Day of his or her Baptism.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That iu case any Nominee (being also the Person by whom or on whose Behalf an Annuity shall be purehaied) shall not be a Native of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or in case the Birth or Baptism of any Nominee (being a Native of the United Kingdom) shall not appear in the Register of the Parish where such Nominee shall have been born or baptiied, then and in every such Case there shall be produced to the said Officer (in lieu of such Certificates and Affidavits as aforesaid) to Affidavit or solemn Affirmation in Writing of the Age of such Nominee, together with his or her Name,

' Surname, Addition, and Employment, or Occupation (if any) and Place of Abode; and also ijftr Place ojL his or her Birth, and the Names of his or her Parents, or reputed Parents, and

and described in such Affidavit is the same Person who is appointed to be such Nominee, which Affidavit (»?

ifl Geo. III.' a C

Canraiflionora for ReilutAfOu of National I)« lit empowered to accept Transfrra for i he J*.jreh<ifc of Late Annuities,

A (lowing .N jini.iution oi Li <rr*.

A re of ft unities*.

Their Ilcli len^e*

Prcv ion fly0 Trvuter, I'axries. fh iH m ike Declaration in Form,

ScIhnIuIc

an»l produce Certificates of A^e of

Nominees, &.CV tj an Officer appointed for tint Purposei

A f'tvto* <A Identity.

\t li' ii (*rti-fielift ( Altai>t he produced, 1'ioot uu\ hr ri I mu led by AthtUviu.

le

558

TYn of fc>o<k* iVall Ue daily nude t ut awl tra»ii': ui; -.rd to the* JiTurr of the Company.

On prod tiring mjniliip (.indicate ot' Officer, the Stock may he transferred and the Party receive an Acquittance. See Schedule (C.;

Purchasers of Life Annuities on finale Lives, shall he entitled to the Annuities f}>ect€cd in Sclicdule (D.)

Ptrrcl infers of Life Annuities On the Continuance of Two Lives shall he entitled to the Annuities fpiTiticd in Schedule (E.)

C. 142.' 4S0 GEORGII III. A.D. 180&.

solemn. Affirmation shall be made by such Nominee, or by the Person or by one of the Persons by whom or on whose Behalf such Annuity shall be purchased, or by some other Person having Knowledge of the several Cir-cumdauces before-mentioned, in which latter Case the said Affidavit shall also be accompanied by an Affidavit, to be made by the Person or one of the Persons by whom or on whose Behalf such Annuity shall be purchased, that the Contents of such last-mentioned Affidavit are, to the bed of his or her Knowledge and Belief true,' which said Affidavits respectively shall be tal>en before One or more of the Judges of any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, if in England \ or if in Scotland or Ireland, then before One or more of the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland or Ireland respectively; and if such Nominee shall be a Native of Great Britain or Ireland, then in such Affidavit shall also be fluted the Cause why a Certificate of the Copy of the Regiiler of his or her Birth or Baptism cannot be produced.

VI.*And, for ascertaining the average Price of Bank Annuities according to which the Amount of Life*Annuities purchased under the Provisions of this Act is to be regulated \9 be it further enacted, That the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall and they are hereby required, on every Day on which any Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall have been bought at the Bank of England, to cause an Account to be made out of the average Price at which Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated and Three Pounds ter Centum Reduced Bank Annuities respectively shall have been bought on such Day (or in case only One of such Stocks shall have been bought, then the average Price of such of the said Stocks as shall have been bought on that Day) which Account mall be transmitted to the Officer to be appointed as aforesaid, for the Purpose of enabling him to ascertain and certify in the Manner herein after directed, the respective Amounts of the Life Annuities which may be purchased under the Provisions of this Act, and shall be put up in some conspicuous Place of his Office, in order that the fame may be seen by all Persons deilrous of ascertaining the Price at which Stock may be transferred for the Purchase of Life Annuities.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall appear to the said Officer, that the Certificates and Affidavits so produced to him as aforesaid are conformable to the Directions of this Act, he shall thereupon ascertain the Amount of the Life Annuity to be payable in respect of the Bank Annuities proposed to be transferred for the Purchase thereof, and grant his Certificate in the Form expressed in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (B.), and shall transmit to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England a Duplicate of such Certificate; and upon the Production and Delivery at the Bank of England of the said Certificate granted to the Party by the said Officer, and upon the Transfer to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, of the Bank Annuities to be transferred as the Consideration for the Purchase of the Life Annuity, the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, or the Person producing the said Certificate on his, her, or their Behalf, shall be entitled to have a Certificate or Receipt from one of the Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England acknow ledging such Transfer, which Certificate or Receipt one of such Cashiers is hereby required to give in the Form prescribed in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (C.)t and which shall be an Acquittance or Discharge for the Stock so transferred: Provided always, that no Certificate granted by the said Officer, shall be valid and effectual to enable the Transfer of any Bank Annuitief under the Provisions of this Act, after the Expiration of Five Days from the Date of such Certificate.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in every Case w here any such Bank Annuities shall be transferred as the Consideration for the Purchase of an Annuity on the Continuance of a iingle Life, the Person or Persons purchasing such Life Annuity shall, on the Transfer of the said Bank Annuities to the said Commissioners, be entitled, according to the Age of his, her, or their Nominee, and the average Price (to be ascertained as he re in-be fore is directed) of such Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities (if the Transfer shall be made in that Stock, or if the Transfer shall be made in Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities, then according to the average Price of that Stock) on the Day next preceding the Day of the Date of the Certificate to be granted by such Officer as aforesaid (in case there shall have been any Sale or Purchase at the Bank of England of Stock of the like Description as that transferred for the Purchase of the Annuity on such next preceding Day, or otherwise on the nearest preceding Day on which there shall have been any Sale or Purchase at the Bank of England of Stock of the like Description) to receive, during the Continuance of the Life of such Nominee (whether the Person or one of the Persons purchasing such Annuity shall be the Nominee or notN for every One hundred Pounds of such Bank Annuities, and so in proportion for any greater Sum than One hundred Pounds transferred to the said Commissioners, a Life Annuity of such annual Amount as it specified in the Table in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (D.)

IX. And be it further enacted, That in every Case where any such Bank Annuities shall br transferred M the Coufid'ration for the Purchase of an Annuity on the Continuance of Two Lives, and the Life of the longer Liver of them, the Person or Persons purchasing such Life Annuity, shall, on the Transfer of the said Bank Annuities to the said Commissioners, be entitled, according to the Ages of his, her, or their respective Nominee?* and the average Price (to be ascertained as herein-before is directed) of such Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities (if the Transfer shall be made in that Stock, or if the Transfer shall be made in Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities, then according to the average Price of that Stock) on the Day next preceding the Day of the Date of the Certificate to be granted by such Officer as aforesaid (in case there shall have been any Sale or Purchase at the Bank of England of Sto k of the like Description as that transferred for the Purchase of the Annuity on such next preceding Day, or otherwise on the neared preceding Day on which there shall have been any Sale or Purchase at the Bank of England oiStock of the like Description) to receive during the Continuance of the Lives of such Two Nominees, and of the Life of the longer Liv r of them, (whether the Persons or Person, or one of the Persons purchasing such Annuity, shall be the Nominees or one of the Nominees or not) for every One hundred Pounds of such Ba.*k Annuities, and so in proportion for any greater Sum than One hundred Pounds transferred to the said Commissioners, a Life Annuity of such annual Amount at is specified in the Tables in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (E.)

A.D. 1808.

48° GEORGII III. C. 142.

t

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Life Annuity so purehnfed as aforesaid, shall be accepted at the Bank of England by the Person or Persons purchasing the fame, or by fume other Person or Persons duly authorized on his, her, or their Behalf, before he, she, or they shall be entitled to receive iheflm*.

XL. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to transfer for the Purchase of a Life Annuity any less Sum than One hundred Pounds, nor any fractional Part less than One Pound of such Bank Annuities: Provided also, that in every Case where the Calculation of the Amount of any Life Annuity, according to the ProviiDns of this Act, shall produce a Fra&ion less than Sixpence, the fractional Part of the said Annuity lets than Sixpence shall be taken from the Amount thereof, and shall not he inserted in the Certificate to be granted by the said Officer, or be payable at the Bank of England,

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, Thai whenever any Person or Persons who shall have purchased an Annuity for the Life or Lives of any Nomineeor Nominees, shall be afterwards desirous of purchasing any further Annuity or Annuities on the Life o'- .Lives of the fame Nomiueee or Nominees, the original Certificates and Affidavits produced at. the Time of the Purchase of the iirft Annuity, shall be deemed sufficient to authorize the Officer to be appointed as aforesaid, and lie is hereby required from Time to Time to grant to the Person or Persons applying to him in this Behalf such Certificates as by this Act are directed, for the Purpose of enabling such Person or Persons to transfer any Bank Annuities for the Purchase of such further Life Annuity or Annuities, without his, her, or their being required to produce any fresh Certificates or Affidavits in regard to the Birth or Baptism, or other Particulars aforesaid, respecting such Nominee or Nominees; and the Certificates so to be granted by the said Officer, shall be valid and effectual to enable such Person or Persons to transfer any Bank Annuities for the Purchase of such further Life Annuity or Annuities, and to entitle him, her, or them to such Certificates and Receipts from the Cashier of the Bank of England in like Manner as if the fame had been granted upon the Production of the original Certificates and Affidavits.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the total Amount of any Annuity or Annuities to be granted upon the Continuance of the Life of anyone Nominee, whether such Nominee shall have any beneficial Interest therein or not, shall in no Case (except as herein after excepted) exceed the annual Sum of One thousand Pounds, and that the total Amount of any Annuity or Annuities to be granted upon the Continuance of the Lives of any Two Nominees, and of the Life of the longer Liver of them, shall in no Case, except as aforesaid, exceed the annual Sum of One thousand five hundred Pounds: Provided r.evertheless, that if any such Annuity or Annuities shall have been purchased in the Name or Names of any Person or Persons who shall have no beneficial Interest, present, future, or contingent, direct or indirect therein, and any such Person or Persons shall thereafter become desirous of purchasing any Annuity or Annuities bond side for his, her, or their own Use and Benefit, and for his, her, or their own Lives respectively, it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons to prove the aforesaid Circumstances by good and legal Proof upon Affidavit, Affirmation, or otherwise, before any such Mngillrate or .T u II ice of the Peace as aforesaid, and such Affidavit or Affirmation duly certified by such Magistrate or Justice, shall be produced to the Officer appointed as aforesaid, and he shall thereupon proceed to grant his Certificate, and such Person or Persons shall be entitled to purchase any Annuity or Annuities, not exceeding the Sums aforesaid, in each Case respectively over and above, and notwithstanding any such former Annuity or Annurtfes before purchased in the Name or Names of such Person or Persons.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That such Person or Persons as is or are, or shall from Time to Time be nominated and appointed by the said Commissioners to accept Transfers of Stock made to them under the Provisions of the said recited A6Is, or any of them, is and are hereby authorized and enabled to accept the Transfer of any Bank Annuities which shall be transferred to the said Commissioners, for the Purchase of Life Annuities under the Provisions of this Acand that the Dividends payable from Time to Time in respect of the Bank Annuities which shall be so transferred, shall be received by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and be placed to the Account of the said Commissioners, and shall constitute Part of the Funds which shall from Time to Time be applicable by the said Commissioners to the Reduction of the National Debt, by virtue of the said recited Act of the Forty-second Year of His present Majesty's Reign; and the Lift Annuities so purchased, shall be charged and chargeable upon the said Funds, and shall be paid and payable at the Bank of England, in the Manner herein after expressed; and it shall be lawful for the said Governor and Company, out of any Sums whatever, which shall have been paid to them, or canned in their Books to the Account of the said Commissioners, to set apart and retain from Time to Time so much thereof as may be necessary for paying the Life Annuities which shall from Time to Time be chargeable on the said Funds.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all Lift* Annuities purchased under this A6>, (h?.!l be payable Half-yearly at the Bank of England, on such of the usual Half-yearly Days of Payment of Dividends, according to the respective Periods within which any Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities may he transferred for the Purchase of any such Life Annuities as herein after is expressed; that is to say, In all Cases where any such Bank Annuities, whether Consolidated or Reduced, shall be transferred upon or after the Fifth Day of January and before the Fifth Day cf Slpril, or upon or after the Fifth Day of July, and before the Tenth Dav of October, then the Half-yearly Payments of the Annuities purchased by the Transfer thereof, shall be made on the Fifth Day of July and the Fifth Day of January in every Year; and the First Half-yearly Payment of every such Annuity, shall be payable on such of the said Days as shall next succeed the Day of the Transfer of the said Bank Annuities; and in all Cases where any such Bank Annuities, whether Consolidated or Reduced, shall be transferred upon or after the Fifth Dav of jlgrU and before the Fifth Day of July, or upon or after the Tenth Day of October and before the Fifth Day of January, then the Half-yearly Payments of the Annuities purchased by the Transfer thereof, shall be made on the Fifth Day of //>/// and the Tenth Day of October in every Year; and the-First Half-yearly Payment of every such Annuity shall be payable on inch of the said Days as shall next succeed the Day of the Transfer of the said Bank Annuities; and upon the Death of any Angle Nominee, or.of the Survivor of any Two joint Nominees, a Sum equal to One fourth Gyt of the

559

Annuities shall he accepted in tke Bank-Books.

Prevent in£ Fraction*.

Annuitants may nuke further Purcliafcs on Lives of original Nominees, without Irefh Certificates.

Annuities 00 the Use of One Nomine^ shall not exceed lOOOOl. nor for Two Nominee* I0O0U

Person*

ap]*ointrd by the f oiruniiuotieta nmy accept Stock; ami the Dividend; shall be ro< eivec! at the Bank, and conhiuitf lbur of the Sinking fund.

Annuiti-s shall Iwl jenable ILDyeaWj at

the Batik,

Dividends at*.

le

Certificate of

of Nominee* shall be j>ro*lnr»*»J at tltf* Rink !W*m Time io Time* before receiving

Auuu'by.

Affidavit of Identity to be annexed to (ui (t Certificates.

Oti Vrodutftion of Certificates, is. c. Officer shall giant a Certificate, on which Annuity shall be {rayable.

Certificate of Ueath of finale or surviving Nominee IluvH be produced bcibre receiving the lift Portion of any Aui^uty.

Lifr Anr.vfit'.cs may be trans-lerrcd entire.

C. 142. 48° GEORGII III. A.D. 1808.

Annuity depending upon his or her Life, (over and above all Arrears thereof respectively, ) shall be payable to the Person or Persons entitled to the said Annuity, or to his or her Executors, Admhiistrators, or Assigns (as the Case may be) on the Half-yearly Day of Payment next succeeding the Death of such Nominee; provided such last-mentioned Payment shall be claimed within Two Years after the Death of such single or surviving. Nominee, but not otherwise.

XVI. 4 Ar.d, for preventing Frauds in the Receipt of Life Annuities, be it further enacted, That before any Half-yearly Payment of an Annuity shall be receivable at the Bank of England as herein is directed, a Certificate (half be produced to the Officer to be appointed as aforesaid, under the Hand of the Minister, or in hi* Absence, then a Certificate (wherein such A b fence shall be speciliedl under the Hands of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Parish or Place wherein the Nominee on whose Life the Annuity shall then depend, is resident, or of any Two of them, or a Certificate under the Hand of some Justice of the Peace or Magistrate of the County, Riding, City, or Town wherein such Parish or Place shall be dtuate, that such Nominee was living upon a Day to be specified in such Certificate (which Day mud be one of the Days on which a Half-yearly Payment of such Annuity shall have become due, or some Day subsequent thereto): Provided always, that in cat' any Nominee shall at any Time after his or her Nomination become resident m Parts beyond the Seas in any of the Domiivons of His Majesty, then a Certificate shall be produced to the said Officer, under the Hand of the Governor or Person acting as Governor of the Settlement where such Nominee shall be resident, that he or she was living on a D«y to be specified in such Certificate (which Day mud be one of the Days on which a Half-yearly Payment of such Annuity shall have become due, or on some Day subsequent thereto); and in case any Nominee shall after his or her Nomination become resident in any Kingdom or State in Europe* i 1 Amity with His Majesty, then a Certificate shall in like Manner be produced under the Hand of the British Miniller or Consul resident in the Kingdom or State where such Nominee shall be living; and in case any Nominee shall so become resident at any other Place beyond the Seas, or in case no British Governor or Person acting as such, or Miuider or Consul respectively shall be resident at the Settlement, or in the Kingdom or State wherein any such Nominee shall be living, then a Certificate shall in like Manner be produced of his or her Lite under the Hand and Seal of the Chief Magistrate of any Province, City, Town, or Place where such Nominee Until be living: Provided also, that in all Cases w lie re an Annuity shall depend on the Lives of Two joint Nominees, who shall both be living, it shall be sufficient to produce the Certificate of the Life of either of such Nominees.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That to every such Certificate as herein-before is directed to be produced to the said Officer, shall be annexed an Affidavit or solemn Affirmation made before any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate in England or Scotland respectively, or if in Ireland before one of the Barons of the Exchequer there, by the Person or Persons entitled to the said Annuity', or by the Person applying to receive the fume on his, her, or their Behalf, that the Matters contained in such Certificate are to the belt of his or her Belief true, and that the Person defenbed or certified therein is the Nominee or one of the Nominees on whose Life or Lives the Annuity whereof such Half-yearly Payment shall be claimed doth depend; and in case such Annuity shall have been granted on the Lives of Two Nominees and on the Life of the longer Liver of them, then in such Affidavit or Affirmation shall also be specified, to the bed of the Knowledge or Belief of the Person making such Affidavit or Affirmation, whether the other of the Two Nominees whose Life shall not be so certified as aforesaid be living or dead, and if living the usual Place of his or her Residence; but if the Person making such Affidavit or Affirmation shall be wholly ignorant whether the other of such Two Nominees shall be living or dead, or if living of the usual Place of his or her Abode, then the same shall be specified in such Affidavit or Affirmation.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That upon the Production of such Certificates and Affidavits as by this Act are directed to be produced to the said Officer, for enabling the Receipt of Half-yearly Payments of Annuities, such Officer shall and he is hereby required to grant to the Person producing the fame, a Certificate in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked ^F.) which Certificate being produced to and lodged with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall be sufficient to authorize them, and they are hereby required to pay to the Person entitled to receive the said Annuity, not only the Half-yearly Payment thereof, which shall have become due on the Day upon which any such Nominee shall have been certified as living, but also all preceding Half-yearly Payments of such Annuity which shall have become due, but which shall not have been paid.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Cases where upon the Death of any single Nominee, or of the Survivor of any Two joint Nominees, any Claim shall be preferred under the Provisions of this Act, for the Payment of a Sum equal to One fourth Part of the Annuity depending upon his or her Life, the Person or Persons preferring such Claim shall produce to the Officer to be appointed us aforesaid a Certificate of the Death of such Nominee, specifying the Day on which he or she shall have died, together with an Affidavit in Proof of the Identity of such Nominee, to be respectively granted and taken by and .before such and the like Persons as by this Act are authorized and empowered to grant Certificate, and to admir.ifler Affidavits in Proof of a Nominee being living 0: 1 the Day on which any Half-yearly Payment of an Annuity dependant upon his or her Life became due, and such OlUccr shall thereupon grant to the Person producing the fame a Certificate in the Form specified in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (G.), and upon the said Certificate being produced to and lodged with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, they are hereby authorized and required to make such Payment to the Person or Persons entitled thereto.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Right, Title, Interest, and Benefit in and to any Life Annuities which may be purciiated under the Provisions of this Act, shall from Time to Time be transferrable in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, provided such Annuities be transferred entire and not in Parts or Shares: Provided also, that the original Nominee or Nominees of any Annuity shall never be varied or changed, notwithstanding any Transfer of the Right or Interest thereiiif in the Books of the said Governor and Company,

e

4

A.D. 1808. 4.8" GEORGII III. C. 142.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all Life Annuities purchased under the Provisions of this Act shall be free from all Taxes, Charges, and Impositions whatsoever, except such as Dividends of Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities are or mAy be subject and liable to, and shall be deemed Personal Estate; and in all Cases where the same shall not depend upon the Life of the Person entitled thereto, shall go to his or her Executors or Administrators as Personal Estate, and shall not be defeendibk* to Heirs.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Certificates or Affidavits shall be produced to the said Officer to be appointed as aforesaid, containing any falie Statement of the Age of any Person to be appointed a Nominee, with Intent to obtain an Annuity on the Continuance of the Life of any Person who shall be under the Age of Thirty-five Years, or to obtain a higher Rate or Amount of Annuity during the Life of the Nominee than would by this Act be allowed according to his or her true Age, then and ia every such Case all such Bank Annuities as may have been transferred for the Purchase of such Annuity shall be forfeited to' the said Commissioners, and all Right and Title to the Annuity which vvoulcTotherwise have been payable in respect thereof shall cease and determine, and the Person or Persons by whom or on whose Behalf such Stock shall have been transferred shall forfeit to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, Treble the Value of all Sums which may have been received on account of the said Annuity, and also the further Sum of Five hundred Pounds, which Penalties respectively shall be filed for, recovered, and applied in the Manner directed by this Act.

XXIII. And be it further-enacted, That all and every Person or Persons who for his, her, or their own life, or the Use of any other Person or Persons, shall receive One or more Payment or Payments upon any Annuity for any Time beyond the Death of any single or surviving Nominee, on the Continuance of whose Life the fame was payable, after the Time on which the said Annuity ought wholly to cease by virtue of this Act (knowing such Nominee to be dead) shall forfeit to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, Treble the Value of the Money received after the Death of such Nominee, and also the further Sum of Five hundred Pounds, which Penalties respectively shall be sued for, recovered, and applied in the Manner directed by this Act.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Life Annuities purchased under the Provisions of this Act> shall, upon the ceasing thereof, revert to the said Funds which shall from Time to Time be applicable to the Reduction of the National Debt, by virtue of the said recited Act of the Forty-second Year of His Majesty's Reign, and shall from thenceforth be applied in the same Manner as by the Laws now in force, and by this Act, the said Funds are made applicable.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That no Copy of the Register of the Birth or Baptismof any Nominee, or any Certificates, Affidavits, or Affirmations to be made or taken in pursuance of this Act, nor any Transfer of Bank Annuities which shall be made to the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, for the Purchase of any Life Annuity, nor any Transfer or Acceptance of any Life Annuity in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, nor any Receipt for the Payment of any Life Annuity or any Part thereof, at the Bank of England, shall be liable to any Stamp Duty whatever.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person in any Affidavit or Affirmation to be taken before any Judge of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, or before any of the Barons of His Majesty's Courts of Exchequer in Scotland or Ireland respectively, or before any Justice of the Trace or Magistrate under the Provisions of this Act, shall wilfully or corruptly swear or affirm any Matter or Thing which shall be false or untrue, every such Person so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be, and is hereby declared to> be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Laws now in force any Persons-xonvided of wilful; and corrupt Perjury arc subject and liable to.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or cause or procure to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, or knowingly or wilfully ad or alfift in the forging, counterfeiting, or altering any Register or Registers of the Birth or Baptism of any Person or Persons to be appointed a Nominee or Nominees under the Provisions of this Act, or any Copy or Certificate of any such Register, or the Name or Names of any Witness or Witnesses to any such Certificate, or any Affidavit or Affirmation required to be taken for any of the Purposes of this Act, or the Certificate of any Judge, Baron of the Exchequer, Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, of any such Affidavit or Affirmation having been taken before him, or any Certificate of any Governor or Person acting as fuffix, or Miniitcr or Consul, or Chief Magistrate of any Province, Town, of Place, or other Person authorized by this Act to grant any Certificate of the Life or Death of any Nominee, or any Certificate or Certificates of the Officer to be appointed by the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, or of any Cashier or Clerk of the Bank of England*.or shall forge or counterfeit, or shall cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly or wilfully act or assist in the forging or counterfeiting the Name or Names of any Person or Persons in or to any Transfer of Bank Annuities for the Purchase of any Life Annuity, or in or to any Transfer or Acceptance of any Lite Annuity in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or any Receiptor Discharge for any Life Annuity, or for any Payment or Payments due or to become due thereon, or to any Letter of Attorney, or other Authority or Instrument, to transfer or accept any Bank Annuities or Life Annuities under the Provisions of this Act, or to receive any Life Annuities, or any Payment or Payments due or to become due thereon, or shall wilfully, felfcly, and deceitfully personate any true and real Nominee or Nominees, or Audi wilfully deliver or produce to any Person or Persons acting under the Authority of this Act, or shall utter any such, forged Register, Certificate, Affidavit, or Affirmation, knowing the same to he forged, counterfeited, or altered, with Intent to defraud His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, then and in every such Case all and every Person or Persons 10 offending, and being lawfully convicted thereof, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in Cales of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, shall be recoverable if incurred ia England, in the Name of His Majesty's Attorney General on the Part of His

' GW?

561

Annuities (had be free from 1 Taxes, &c. except a* Dividends.

renalty on

producing false Certificates and Affidavits, Forfeiture of Annuity, &c*

Penalties on receiving Anntiiti-s after the Deaths yi Nominees, ' Treble the Amount and Soul.

Annuities Biall rex rrt to Sinking Fund.

Certificates, Affidavits, and Transfers exempt from Stamp Duties.

Penalty of Perjury on self« Affidavits,

Punishment fur

fuTcin^l teg Certificates Ike. Fekmy without Clergy.

Recovery arid Application ©C Penalties,

562 C. 142.

48° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1808.

No Few to O freer,

Commissioners mav appoint Clerks, &c.

For defraying Expcuces.

Majesty, By Information in the Court of Exchequer at Westminster, or (if incurred in Ireland) in the Name of His Majesty's Attorney General in the Court of Exchequer at Dublin, or (if incurred in Scotland) in the Name of His Majesty's Advocate General in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland; and such Penalty and Forfeiture shall go and belong to the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, and become Part of the Sinking Fund: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to cause such Reward as they shall think fit, not exceeding one Moiety of any such Penalty or Forfeiture so recovered, after deducting all Charges and Expences incurred in recovering the fame, to be paid thereout to any Person or Perform who shall appear to them to be entitled thereto as Informer or Informers, in respect of such Penalty or Forfeiture so recovered; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Fee whatever shall be received or taken by the Officer to be appointed as aforesaid for granting any Certificates, or for any Ad, Matter, or Thing to be done by him in pursuance of this Act.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, shall and they are hereby authorized and empowered to appoint such Officers, Clerks, and other Persons, as may be necessary for carrying this A6\ into Execution.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to order and direct any Sum or Sums of Money to be issued and paid out of any Aids or Supplies granted or to be granted by Parliament fotw* the Service of the Year in which such Expences shall be incurred, for the Payment of Salaries t Officers and Clerks acting in the Execution of this Act, and for discharging such incidental Expences as shall necclfarily attend the Execution thereof, in such Manner as the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer, shall from Time to Time think fit and reasonable; and also to settle and appoint such Allowances as shall be proper for the Pains and Labour of the Cashier or Cashiers, or other Officer or Officers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England in the Execution of this Act; which last-mentioned Allowances shall be for the Use and Benefit of the said Governor and Company, and at their Disposal only.

XXXII. 1 And whereas by the said recited Act of the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign,

the Speaker of the House of Commons, the Chancellor of His Majesty's Exchequer, the Mailer of the Rolls,

the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, and the Governor and Deputy Governor of the Bank of

England^ for the Time being respectively >vere appointed Commissioners for carrying the said Act into

The Chief Baron*Execution be it enacted, That in addition to the Commissioners appointed by the said Act, the Chieflde<lto the Baron, or in his Absence, any one of the Barons of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in iEngland, for the

Commissionm Time being respectively, shall be a Commissioner for carrying into Execution the Purposes of the said recited

1 c u ion o of the Twenty-sixth, Thirty-second, and Forty-feeond Years of His present Majesty's Reign, and of this

Ad, and shall have and be inverted with such and the fame Powers and Authorities in all Respects as if the Chief Baron or Baron of the said Court of Exchequer respectively had been appointed a Commissioner by the said Act of the Twenty-sixth Year aforesaid.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Four of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt for the Time being, to execute and do all Matters and Things which by this Act the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt are required and empowered to do.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the following Accounts shall be prepared by the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, and shall be annually laid before both Houses of Parliament, on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of March if Parliament shall be then fitting; and if Parliament shall not be then fitting, then within Fourteen Days after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament; videlicet, a Half-yearly Account of all Bank Annuities which shall have been transferred to them for the Purchase of any Life Annuities, and of the Dividends receivable by them in respect thereof, up to the Period of such Account; distinguishing therein so much of the said Bank Annuities as shall have been transferred in the Course of the next immediately preceding Half Year 5 also a Half-yearly Account of the Amount of all the Life Annuities granted by them up to the Period of such Account, distinguisifing therein the Amount of the Life Annuities which shall have been granted in the Course of the next immediately preceding Half Year; and also of the Amount of all the Annual Sums which, up to the Period of the said Account, shall, by reason of the Deaths of Nominees or other wise, have reverted to the said Funds applicable to the Reduction of the National Debt, distinguishing therein the Amount of such Annual Sums as shall have so reverted in the Course of the next immediately preceding Half Year, together with an Account of the Amount of Life Annuities then payable; and in every such Account shall be specified the Excess in the whole Amount of all the Life Annuities then before granted, above the Amount of the Dividends receivable in respect of all the Bank Annuities then before transferred for the Purchase of Life Annuities, and also the Excess (if any) in the Amount of the Life Annuities then payable above the Amount of such Dividends: Also a Half-yearly Account of the Capital Stock, which, up to the Period of such Account, shall have been redeemed by the Application of the Annual Sums which shall from Time to Time have so reverted to the said Funds by reason of the Deaths of Nominees, or otherwise, and by the Application of the accumulated Dividends of the Capital Stock thereby redeemed: Also an Account of the whole Amount of Three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities, which, up to the Period of such Account, would have been redeemed by the Excesses in the Amount of the Life Annuities, from Time to Time payable by the said Commissioners, above the Amount of the Dividends from Time to Time receivable by them in respect of the Bank Annuities transferred for the Purchase of such Life Annuities, in case such Excesses had been intermediately applied in the Redemption of Three Pounds per Centum Stock, in the Manner prescribed by the Laws now in force for the Redemption of the National Debt.

fct Limitation of Actions, Three Months, — General I flue. — Treble Costs. ^35. Act may be altered thi* Siifion. §36.^by CjO

National Debt, named in; 26G.3.e.31.§14,

Quorum of Commissioners.

Accounts of the Oi-erations under this Act shall be laid before Parliament annually by Commissionerv.

A.D. 1808.

48° GEORGII III.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

C.I42.

SCHEDULE (A.)

FORM of the DECLARATION to be signed by Persons desirous of purchasing Life Annuities for

themselves, or on Behalf of others.

I A.B. of do hereby declare to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National

Debt, That I am desirous on my own Account, [or, on the Behalf of C.D. of

] to transfer to the said Commissioners the Sum of 4C3 fur Centum Consolidated [or Reduced] Bank Annuities, for the Purchase of a Life Annuity: And I do hereby nominate myself for, C.D. of ] now of the Age of

Years, to be the Person on the Continuance of whose Life [or, in case of Two Nominees, myself, now of the Age of Years, and E. F. of

now of the Age of Years [or E. F, of now of the Age of

Years, and G. H. of now of the Age of

Years] to be the Persons on the Continuance of whose Lives and the Life of the longer Liver of them] the said Annuity is to depend, and whose Age [or, respective Ages, as the Case may be] is [or, are] certified and verified by the Certificates and Affidavits [or Affidavits] now [or, which have been before] produced.

Witness my Hand, this Day of

SCHEDULE (B.)

N

FORM of CERTIFICATE to be granted by the said Officer, in order to enable the Transfer of Stock at the Bank of EnglandAox the Purchase of Life Annuities.

JN pursuance of an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled [here insert the Title of the Atl* ] I do hereby certify to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, that

A.B. oi hath signified to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt,

his [or, her] Desire, on his [or, her] own Behalf [or, on the Behalf of C.D. of

] to transfer the Sum of £ 3 per Centum Consolidated [or.

Reduced] Bank Annuities, to the said Commissioners, for the Purchase of a Life Annuity on the Life of himself or herself [or, of C. Z), as the Case may be] [or, in case of Two Nominees, on the Lives of him or her the said A.B. and of E. F. of and the Life of the longer

Liver of them,] [or, of E. F. of and G. H. of*and the Life

of the longer Liver of them, as the Case may be] And I do hereby further certify, That it hath been made appear to me, that the Age of the said Nominee, upon which the Amount of the said Annuity is to be estimated according to the Provisions of the said Act, is'Years [or, in case of Two Nominees of equal

Ages, that the said Nominees are of equal Ages, and that the Age upon which the Amount of the said Annuity is to be estimated according to the Provisions of the said Act is Years] [or, in case there shall be Two Nominees of unequal Ages, that the respective Ages upon which the Annuity is to be estimated according to the Provisions of the said Act are as follows 5 videlicet, the Age of the said

the younger Nominee, is Years; and the Age of the said the elder

Nominee exceeds the said Age of the younger Nominee by more than

Years, but not by more than Years]: And I do hereby further certify, that the Amount of the Life Annuity which will, upon the Transfer of the said Sum of £ % per Centum

Consolidated [or, Reduced] Bank Annuities, become payable in respect thereof during the Life of the said Nominee [or, of the said Two Nominees and the Life of the longer Liver of them] is per Annum\

Witness my Hand, this Day of

SCHEDULE (C.)

FORM of CERTIFICATE of the Cashier of the Bank of England, acknowledging the Transfer of Bank Annuities for the Purchase of Life Annuities.

TN pursuance of an Act, passed in tho Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act [tav insert the Title of the Act) I do hereby certify, that the Sum of ^3 per

Centum Consolidated [or, Reduced] Bank Annuities hath been this Day transferred to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, by- or on the Behalf of for the Purchase of

Life Annuity under the Provisions of the said Act.

Witness my Hand, this Day of

SCHEU

C. 14-2*

4.8* GEORGII III.

A.D. 1808.

SCHEDULE

TABLE, No* x. — Shewing the Annual Amount of Lisp Annuities granted on the Continuance of Single

and the Age of the Nominee

Price of the ^£3 per Cent. Consolidated

64 : r'and under 65- 65 and under 66. 66 and under 67.

4 T7 0 4 16 0 4 16 0

4 16 0 4 J7 0 4 17 o

X7 0 4 18 0 4 18 0

1 4 18 0 4 19 0 500

> 4 19 0 5 00 5 1 0

500 5 1 0 520

> 520 520 3 3o

5 3o 540 5 5 0

5 4 0 5 5o 360

560 5 7© 570

>57o 580 590

>59o 5 10 0 3 11 0

) 5 TO O 5110 3 !2 O

> 5 12 0 5 J3 0 5 14 0

> 5 H 0 5 15 0 5 16 0

> 5 16 0 5 i7 0 5 18 0

1 5 18 0 59 0 600

1 600 610 6 20

620 630 630

1^5 0 6 60 6 70

670 6 80 6 10 0

6 10 0 6 xi 0 6 12 0

6 12 0 6 14 0 6 15 0

6 15 0 6 17 0 6 is 0

6 19 0 7 00 7 1 0

7 1 0 7 3o 740

740 7 60 770

7 80 790 7 xi 0

7 12 0 7 14 0 7 15 0

7 17 0 7 18 0 8 00

8 20 840 850

7 0 890 8110

Si jo 8 15 0 8 17 0

9 0 0 920 940

9/o! 990 g 11 0

9 13 0 I9ifi 0918 0

I/O 201 040] io 7 0 1

on Oil 01401 : o iri 0 1

II I 0 ll 1 4 os 1701

11 12 O ll i 15 0 1 1 18 0 1

12 30 2 6 oh 2 10 0 1

67

d und

68.

68

d und

69.

4 n

4 18 o 4190 500

5 20

14 o

16 o

o o 3 o

8 IK)

9 69[3

6 o9°

*7

2

7

3

4 18 o

4 19 ° 500

5*o

2 o

4

5

6 8

9

11

13

4

16

18

0 2

5

7

9

12

8

x

4

7

10

*4

*9

4

9

*5

1

8 16

xi

0 o9o

19 o

9 0

1 o

13 O

f o 30

10 !2 O IX 2 0

11 12 0

2 4 0

12 l6 O

I f9 1 70 1 und under and under 70. j 71.

4 18 0 4 19

5 00 500

5*0 5*0

520 5 3 0

5 3 0 540

5 4 0 5 5 0

560 5 7o

5 7° 5 So

590 5 10 0

5 : o 0 5 11 0

5 12 0 5 >1 0

5 H 0 5 14

5 15 0 5 16 0

3 i7 0 5 18 0

5 '9 0 600

6 1 0 6 2 Q

630 650

660 670

680 690

6 11 0 6 12 0

6 13 0 6 15 0

6 16 0 6 17 0

6 19 0 700

7 20 7 4°

760 7 7 0

790 7 10 0

7 12 0 7 J3 0

7160 7 18 0

800 820

850 870

8 11 0 8 1.5 0

8 17 0 I 8 19 0

9 3 093 0

9 10 0 [9>2 0

9 18 0 ! 1 10 0 0

!*o 5 0

11o 14 o f I 40

11 150

12 70 12 19 O

o 7 0

10 17 o

11 70 ii i3 0 (2 10 0 fi 3 0

; A.D. 1808

48 GEORGII III.

C. 142

565

(D.)

Liircs, wluch. will be payable for every £\oo of Stock transferred according to the Average Price thereof; at the Time of the Transfer.

or Reduced Bank Annuities.

71 md under 72. 72 and under 73* 73 and under 74* 74 and under 75- 75 and under 76. 76 and under 77- 77 and under 78. 78 and under 79- and 79 1 under 80. 80 and under 8l. AGE.

5 0 0 3 1 0 S 1 0 5 2 0 5 3 O 5 4 0 3 4 0 3 3 0 3 6 0 3 6 0 35-

5 1 0 J 2 0 5 3 0 3 3 0 5 4 O 5 5 0 3 6 c 3 6 0 3 7 0 3 3 0 6.

) 2 0 5 3° 5 4 0 5 3 0 5 3 O 3 6 0 5 7 0 3 8 0 3 8 0 390 7

3° 540 5 5 0 3 6 0 5 7 O 5 7 0 3 8 0 390 3 10 0 3 10 0 8.

5 5 0 560 5 6 0 5 7 0 5 8 p 590 5 10 0 5 10 0 3 2 1 0 3 12 0 9-

5 6 0 570 5 8 0 390 59O S 10 0 3 11 0 3 12 0 3 13 0 3 13 0 40.

580 580 390 3 10 0 5 11 O 5 12 0 5 13 0 3 13 0 3 H 0 35 0 1.

590 5 «o 0 .5 11 0 3 12 0 3 12 0 5 13 0 34 0 3 0 5 16 0 37 0 2.

10 0 5110 5 12 0 53 0 3 H O s 13 0 5 j6 0 5 17 0 3 17 0 5 18 0 3.

5 12 0 S '3 0 5 r4 0 55 0 3 16 O 5 17 0 5 17 0 3 18 0 3 J9 0 6 0 0 4-

5 14 0 5 15 0 5 16 0 3 17 0 3 17 O 5 18 0 3 J9 0 6 0 0 6 1 0 6 2 0 5-

; 55 0 5 16 0 5 17 0 3 18 0 $ J9 O 6 0 0 6 1 0 6 2 0 6 3, 0 6 4 0 6.

: 57 0 5 18 0 .5 x9 0 6 «o 0 6 1 O 6 2 0 6 3 0 6 4 0 6 3 0 6 6 0 7-

|5 190 600 6 1 0 6 2 0 6 3 O 6 4 0 6 3 0 6 6 0 6 7 0 6 8 0 8.

6 10 620 6 3 0 6 4 0 6 6 O 6 7 0 6 8 0 690 6 10 0 6 11 0 9-

i 6 4 0 650 6 6 0 6 7 0 6 8 O 690 6 10 0 6 11 0 6 12 0 6 13 0 5°-

660 670 6 S 0 690 6 10 O 6 I K 0 6 12 0 6 13 0 6 13 0 6 16 0 1.

680 690 6 10 0 6 r 1 0 6 13 O 6 H © 6 i3 0 6 16 0 6 17 0 6 18 0 2.

6 u 0 6 12 0 6 13 0 6 14963 O 6 l6 0 6 18 0 6 19 0 7 0 0 7 1 0 3-

6 13 0 6 14 0 6 16 0 6 17 O 6 18 0 69 0 7 0 0 7 2 0 7 3 0 7 4 0 4-

6 16 0 6 17 0 6 18 0 7 0 O 7 1 0 7 2 0 7 3 0 7 3 0 7 6 0 7 7 0 3-

6 19 0 7 00 7 1 0 7 3 O 7 4 0 7 5 0 7 7 0 7 8 0 790 7 10 0 6,

2 0 7 3 0 7 5 0 7 6 O 7 7 0 790 7 10 0 7 11 0 7 13 0 7 14 0 7-

7 50 7 7 0 7 8 0 79O 7 11 0 7 12 0 74 0 7 13 0 7 16 0 7 iS 0 8.

j 790 7 10 0 7 12 0 73 O 7 J3 0 7 16 0 7 17 0 7 '9 0 8 0 0 8 2 0 9-

7 n 0 7 13 0 7 15 0 7 16 0 7 1897 19 0 8 1 0 3 2 0 8 4 0 8 5 0 60.

1; 15 0 7 16 0 7 iS 0 8 0 0 8 1 0 8 3 0 8 4 0 8 6 0 8 7 0 890 i.

; r 19 0; 3 10 8 2 0 8 4 0 8 6 0 8 7 0 890 8 10 0 8 12 0 8 14 c 2.

'#40 3 60 8 7 0 890 8 11 0 8 12 0 84 0 8 16 0 87 0 8 19 0 3

890 3 11 0 8 13 0 8 14 0 8 16 0 8 iS 0 89 091 093 093 0 4*

15 0 8 16 0 8 iS 09c 092 094 096 097 099 0911 0 5*

9 1 093 094 096 01, 9 8 0910 0912 09x4 0916 0918 0 6.

9 7o99 0911 0913 0915 0917 09*9 0 10 1 0 10 3 0 10 5 0 /

9 14 0917 09*9 0 .0 I 0 10 3 0 to 3 0 10 7 0 1090 10 11 0 103 0 8.

Jo 2 0 1040 10 7 0 1090 10 11 0 10 l3 0 10 16 0 10 i8 0 11 0 0 11 2 0 9-

0 10 0 to 12 0 10 0 107 0 10 0 r 1 2 0 11 4 0 11 6 0 1190 11 11 0 ?e>.

Jo FQ 0 11 20 »1 4 0 11 7 0 1190 11 12 0 114 0 11 17 0 11 19 0 12 1 0 1

5190 it 12 0 11 >3 0 11 >7 0 12 0 0 12 2 0 12 3 0 12 8 0 1 2 10 0 1 z3 0 2.

u 0 0 12 3 0 12 6 0 r 290 12 12 0 124 0 12 17 0 ii 0 0 iJ 3 0 J3 3 0 3*

iu >3 0 Ml m 12 17 0 12 t8 0 13 1 0 13 4 0 13; 03 10 0 13 13 0 ]3 16 0 139 0 4-

J'3 5 0 1 13 So 13 11 0 l3 H 0 13 18 0 H i 0 H 4 0 H 7 0 H 10 0 H l3 0

4» Geo. III..4 D

566 C. 142. 48° GEORGII III. A.D. 1808.l

SCHEDULE

TABLE No. a. — Shewing the Annual Amount of Life. Annuities granted on the Continuance of Two according to the Average Price thereof, in case the Nominees shall be of equal Ages, or being of different Years, at the Time of the Transfer.

u —; > wj Price of the per Cent. Consolidated

Z 7 ° i v: 60, I 62 63 I 64 65 66 67 68 69 1 7°

ir and under and under and under and under and under; uid under!; md under a ind under a nd under and under and under!

c 6l. 62. 64. 65- 66. 67. 63. b9- 70. 7U

35 3 15 © 3 16 0 3 16 ° 3 ^7 0 3 17 0 3 0 3 18 0 39 0 j 3 i9 0 4 00! 4 00

6 3 16 0 3 i0 0 3»7o 317 0 318 0 3 id 0 3 T9 0 3 19 0 400 400 4 1 0

7 3 10 0 37 0 3*7° 3 l3 0 3 19 0 3 19 0 ! 400 400 4 1 0 410 420

8 3 J73 318 0 3 18 0 39 0 3 0 4 .0 0 1 j 4 0 0 1 4 1 0 4 i 0 420 420

9 3 18 0 318 0 3 >9 0 I 3 19 0 400 410 1 4 1 0 420 420 4 3 0 4 3 0

4c 3 19 0 319 ° 4 00 400 410 4*0 4 20 4 3 0. 4 3 0 440 440

1.319 0 400 4 1^4 1 0 4 20 420 4 3 0 440 4401 4 5 0 4 5 0

2 .4 00 410 4 10 420 + 3 ° 4 3o 440 440 4 5 0 1 4 6 0 |.4 6 0

3 .4 10 420 420 4 3 0 4 3o 440 4 5 ° 4 5 0 4 60 4 7 ° I4 1

4 .4 20 4 3 0 4 3 0 440 440 450 4. 6 0 460 470 480 ! 4 8 0

5 43° 4 3 0 440 4 5o 450 460 4 7 0 470 480 490 1 490

6. .440 4 5 0 450 4 60 4 7 0 470 480 490 490 4 10 0 >4110

*T /*.450 4 60 4 60 4 7 0 4 80 480 490 4 10 0 4 10 0 4110 i 4 12 0

s .460 4 7 0 4 7 0 4 80 490 4 10 0 4 10 0 4110 4 12 0 4 12 0 l4 l*0

9 , 470 480 490 490 4 10 0 4 11 0 4120 4120 4 13 0 4 14 0 1 4 r5 0

50< 4 80 490 4 10 0 4 11 0 4 12 0 4 12 0 4 13 0 4 14 0 4 15 0 4 15 0 4 16 0

1. 4 10 0 4 10 0 4110 4 12 0 43 ° 4 14 0 4 14 ° 4 T5 0 4 ift 0 4 17 0 4 18 0

2 4110 4 12 0 4 13 0 4 13 0 4 14 0 4 15 0 4 16 0 4 17 0 4 18 0 4 18 0 i 4 19 0

3- 4 12 0 43 0 4 14 0 4 15 ° 4 16 0 4 17 0 4 17 ° 4180 4 19 0 900 5 10

4- 4 H 0 45 0 4 16 0 4 17 0 4 17 0 4 18 0 4 19 0 500 5 1 0 5 2 0 5 3 0

5- 4 16 0 4 16 0 47 0 4 18 0 4 19 0 5° 0 5*0 320 3 3o 5 4 0 5 5 0

6. 4 17 ° 4 18 0 4 19 ° 500 5 1 0 520 5 3° 5 4° 5 5 0 ! 5 60 5 7

7* 4»9° 5 00 5*0 ! 5 20 5 3 0 540 5 5 ° 560 5 7° 5 80 5 9°

8. 5 1 ° 5 2 ° 5 3 0 1 5 4 0 5 5 0 j 6 0 5 70 5 8 0 590 5 )0 0 1 $ 11 0

9 5 3 0 3 4 0 5 5 0 j5 6 0 S 7 0 5 80 590 5 10 0 5 11 0 5 12 ° 54 0

60. s 40 5 5 0 5 7 0 j 5 80 590 5 10 0 5 11 0 5 12 0 53 0 5 H ° 5 T5 0

1. 560 5 7 0 590 i 5 TO O 5110 5 12 0 5 13 0 54 0 55 0 5 16 0 5 0

2. 590 5 10 0 5110; 5 12 O 5*4° 55 0 516 0 57 0 3 18 0 5 19 0 600

3- 5120 .5 J3 0 5 M 0 5 I? 0 5 17 ° 5 18 0 5 19 0 600 610 6 3 ° 640

4- 55 0 > 16 0 57 0; 5 0 600 61 0 6 2 0 630 650 6 60 6 7 0

5- 5180 5 >9 ° 6 1 0 j ft 20 <5 30 650 6 6 0 670 6 8 0 6 10 0 6110

6. 6 i o 6 3 0 6 40 6 60 ! 6 70 680 6 10 0. 6110 6 12 0 6 14 0 6 ij 0

7- 650 6 70 6 8 0 1 6 10 0 1 6 i r 0 6120 6 14 0 6 15 0 6 17 0 6 18 0 7 0 0

8. 6 90 6 11 0 6 12 0 d 14 0 6 15 0 6 17 0 J 6 19 0 7 0 0 720 7 3 0 7 j ° i

9*6 14 0 6 16 0 <5 j; 0 J 6 j 90 7 00 7 2 0 j 74c 7 5° 7 7 ° 7 80 7 10 0'1

70. 6 18 0 1 7 00 7 1 0 ! 7 3 0 7 5 0 J 7 6 0 780 7 .10 0 7110 7 13 0 7 15 0 I

i. 7 3 0 i 7 5 0 7 7 0 I 780 7 ro 0 7 12 0 7 14 0 7 J5 0 7 17 0, 7 19 0 8 10;

2. 790 7110 7 J3 0 7 15 0 7 16 0 7 18 0 j 800 820 8 40] 1860 8 0

3' 7 15 0: 7 ° 7 19 0; 8 10 830 8; 0 870 890 8110! 8 13 0 s

4.; 8 2 0 M 3 40 8 6 0 1 3 8 0 8 ro' 0 8 12 0 313 0 8170 8 19 0 j ') 1 °93 0 :

4 390 i 3 1 1 0 j 8 14 0 M 516 0 8 18 0 900 930 95097 0 1 199°, 9" °j

5^7

C. 142.

48" GEORGII III.

A.D. 1808.i!: f

Schedule

TABLE No. 3. — Shewing the Annual Amount of Life Annuities granted on the Continuance of Two Lives, the Average Price thereof, in case the Age of the elder Nomkiee shall exceed the Age of the younger

5 -J} % ' Price of the £^3 per Cent. Conciliated

5.3 £ 60 61 62 6, 64 65 66 67 68 69 1 70

u> , .<4 and undei and undei and under and under and under and under and under; and under; ind under and under and under

6l. 62. 63- 64. 65. 66. 67. 68. 69. 1 7°. j 7'-

35- S 17 O 317 0 3 iS 0 3 i3 0 3 J9 0 3 19 0 4 0 0 4 10 410 4 2 0 4 20

1 d7 0 3 -.8 0 3 19 0 3 19 0 4 00 400 4 10 4 1 0 420 4 2 0 4 $ 0

7- 318 0 3 19 ° 319 0 400 4 00 4 3 0 4 2 0 420 4.30 4 3 0 4 4°

I 8 3 19 0 3 J9 0 400 4 10 410 420 4 2 0 4 3 0 440 4 4 0 4 50

9 400 400 410 410 420 430 4 3 0 440 440 4 5 0 460

40. 4 1 0 410 420 420 4 3° 440 4 4 0 450 4 S 0 460 4 7 0

{ 1. 4 10 420 4 3 0 4 3° 440 4 3 0 4 5 0 4 60 4 7 0 4 7 0 48c

1 2 420 4 3 0 440 4 4 0 450 4 60 460 4 7 0 480 480 4 9°

3* 430 440 450 450 460 4 7 0 470 480 490 490 4 10 0

4- 440 4 5 0 460 4 60 4 7 0 480 480 490 4 10 0 4 II 0 4110

5- 450 4 60 4 7 0 480 480 .490 4 10 0 4 10 O' 4 11 0 4 12 0 4 13 0

6. 460 470 480 490 490 4 10 0 4 11 0 4 12 0 4 12 0 4 13 0 4 J4°

I /* 480 480 490 4 30 O 4310 4 11 0 4 12 0 4 13 0 4 14 0 4 14 0 4 15 0

8. 490 4 10 0 4 10 0 4 ii 0 4 12 0 4 13 0 4 14 0 4'4 0 45 0 4 16 0 4 17 0

9- 4 10 0 4 no 4 12 0 43 ° 4 J3 0 4 14 0 4 15 0 4 16 0 4 17 0 4 n 0 4 iS 0

5°* 4 12 0 4 12 0 4 13 0 4 14 0 4 15 c 4 16 0 4 17 0 4 18 0 4 18 0 4 19 0

1. 4130 4 14 0 45 0 4 16 0 4 17 ° 47 0 4 18 0 4 19 ° 500 5° j 20

1 s* 4 15 c 4 16 0 4 id 0 4 17 0 4 18 0 4 19 0 5 0 ° S 1 0 520 5 30 5 3c

3* 4 16 0 4 17 ° 4 18 0 4 19 ° 5 0 0 5*0 5 2 ° 330 5 4 0 5 50 5 5°

4* 4 18 0 4 19 0 5 00 5 1 0 6 2 0 5 3 0 5 4 0 550 5 60 5 6 0 5 7°

5- 5 ° 0 5 1 0 5 2 0 5 3 0 5 4 0 5 5o 560 5 7 0 580 590 5!?o

1 5 20 3 3 0 ? 4 0 5 5 0 5 60 5 7 0 380 S90 5 10 0 5110

7- 540 5 5 0 5 60 5 7 0 5 80 590 310 0 5 11 0 5 12 0 54 0 5 h0 1

1 8 5 5 0 5 60 570 590 5 10 0 5 11 0 5 12 0 53 0 5 J4 0 5 >5 0 5 i"°

9- 580 590 5 10 0 5 11 0 5 12 ° 53 0 i 15 0 j 16 0 5^7 0 5 18 0 J <9 0

60. 5 10 0 5 12 0 5 r3 0 5 14 0 5 15 0 56 0 5 17 0 59 0 6 00 6 1 0 6»0

1 I# 53 0 5 r4 0 5 i/J 0 5 J7 0 5 18 0 5 19 ° 6 00 610 630 640 650

2. 5 16 0 5 J7 0 5 18 0 6 00 6 1 0 6 20 640 6 5 0 6 6 0 680 690

3- 5 »9 0 6 1 0 620 630 640 660 670 6 90 6 io 0 6 11 0*3 i

4* 6 3 0 6 40 6 6 0 <5 70 680 6 10 0 6110 6 13 0 6 14 0 6 15 0 6 17 0

5- 6; 0 6 S 0 6100 6110 6 13 ° 6 J4 0 6 15 0 6 17 0 6 j8 0 7 00 7 r0°

[ 6. 6110 6 12 0 6 14 0 6 15 0 6 17 0 6 18 0 7 00 7 2 0 7 3 0 7 S 0 76O

7* 6 15 0 6170 6 19 0 7 00 7 2 r 7 3 0 7 5 0 11° 780 7 20 0 7 12 0

8. 6 19 0 7 1 0 1 7 3 0 740 7 60 780 790 7 11 0 7 J3 0 7 Jj 0 7 j6 0

9 7 5 0 7 60 7 80 7 10 0 7 13 O I 7 14 0 7 15 0 7 17 0 7 19 0 8 i 0 8 j 0

7°i 7 10 0 I 7 J2 O 7 14 0 1 7 16 0 7 18 0 8 00 1 8 2, 0 8 40 8 60 880 S90

48° GEORGII III.

C. 142.

S69

(E.) — continued.

and the Life of the longer Liver of them, which will be payable for every sSioo of Stock transferred, according to Nominee by more than Five Years, but not by more than Ten Years, at the Time of the Transfer.

or Reduced Bank Annuities.

7» and under 72. 72 and under 73- 73 and under 74. 74 and under 75- 75 and under 76. 76 and under 77' 77 and under 7 8- 78 and under 79' 79 and under 80.

4 3 0 4 3° 4 4 0 4 4 0 4 5 0 4 5 0 4 6 0 4 6 0 4 7 0

4 4 0 44O 4 3 0 4 5 0 4 6 0 4 6 0 4 7 0 4 7 0 4 8 0

4 5 0 450 4 6 0 4 6 0 4 7 0 4 7 0 4 8 0 4 8 0 490

4 5 0 460 4 6 0 4 7 0 4 8 0 4 8 0 490 490 4 10 0

460 4 7 0 4 7 0 4 8 0 490 490 4 10 0 4 11 0 4 n 0

470 480 490 490 4 10 0 4 10 0 4 11 0 4 12 0 4 12 0

4 8 0 490 4 10 0 4 10 0 4 11 0 4 12 0 4 12 0 4 i3 0 4 13 0

4 10 0 4 10 0 4 11 0 4 12 0 4 12 0 4 >3 0 4 13 0 4 '4 0 4 13 0

4 11 0 4110 4 12 0 4 13 0 4 13 0 4 14 0 4 15 0 4 13 0 4 16 0

4 12' 0 4 T3 0 4 13 0 44 0 4 13 0 4 13 0 4 16 0 4 17 0 4 17 0

4 13 0 4 14 0 4 1.3 0 4 13 0 4 l6 0 4 >7 0 47 0 4 jS 0 4 19 0

4 13 0 4 15 0 4 16 0 4 17 0 4 17 0 4 18 0 49 0 3 0 0 3 0 0

4 16 0 4 17 0 4 18 0 4 j8 0 4 19 0 5 0 0 5 1 0 5 1 0 3 2 0

4 17 0 4180 4 19 0 5 0 0 5 I 0 5 1 0 3 2 0 3 3 0 3 4 0

4 19 0 500 5 1 0 .5 1 0 5 2 c 5 3 0 3 4 0 3 3 0 3 6 0

5 1 0 520 3 0 3 3 0 5 4 0 3 5 0 3 6 0 3 7 0 3 7'0

5 3 0 5 3 0 5 4 0 5 5 0 5 6 0 5 7 0 3 8 0 590 390

5 4 0 5 5 0 5 6 0 5 7 0 5 8 0 390 5 10 0 3 n 0 3 11 c

5 6o 570 5 8 0 590 3 10 0 3 11 0 3 12 0 3 13 0 5 T4 0

5 8 0 390 5 10 0 3 11 0 5 12 0 3 13 0 3 14 0 3 13 0 3 16 0

3 n 0 5 12 0 5 13 0 34 0 5 13 0 5 16 0 5 17 0 3 18 0 3 19 0

5 13 0 5 H 0 5 if 0 5 16 0 3 17 0 3 18 0 3 19 0 6 0 0 6 1 0

5 16 0 5 !7 0 5 18 0 3 !9 0 6 0 0 6 1 0 6 n 0 6 3 0 6 4 0

5 J7 0 5 18 0 6 0 0 6 1 0 6 O 0 6 3 0 6 4 0 6 3 0 6 6 0

600 610 6 3 0 6 4 0 6 5 0 6 6 0 6 7 0 6 8 0 690

6 3 0 650 6 6 0 6 7 0 6 8 0 690 6 11 0 6 12 0 6 13 0

660 680 690 6 10 0 6 11 0 6 13 0 6 H 0 6 >3 0 6 16 0.

6 10 0 6 12 0 6 13 0 6 14 0 6 16 0 67 0 6 18 0 7 0 0 7 1 0

6 14 0 6 15 0 6 17 0 6 18 0 69 0 7 1 0 7 2 0 7 3 0 7 5 0

6 18 0 7 00 7 1 0 7 2 0 1 4 0 7 3 0 7 7 0 7- 8 0 790

7 3 0 740 7 6 0 7 7 0 7, 9 0 7 10 0 7 12 0 7 13 0 7 13 0

7 8 0 790 7 11 0 7 12 0 7 14 0 75 0 7 17 0 79 0 8 0 0

7 13 0 7 '5 0 7 16 0 r 18 0 8 0 0 8 1 0 8 3 0 8 4 0 8 6 0

7 18 0 800 8 1 0 8 3 0 8 3 0 8 7 0 8 8 0 8 10 0 8 12 0

840 860 8 8 0 S 10 0 8 12 0 8 13 0 8 15 0 8 17 0 89 0

8 11 0 8 13 0 8 15 0 s 17 0 8 19 091 093 095 096 0

80

and under 8l.

4 8 494 10

4 i* 4

4 id 4 r4 45 4 17 4 18

3

5

5

5

5

5 8 5 10 5 12

5

37

6 o

6 2

5 6 7 6 11

6 14

6 18

7 2 7^7

7 ><5

8 2 8 8

83

9 1

9 7

33*

6.

7*

8.

9-

40.

1.

2.

3-

4-3* 6.

7-

8.

9*

3°*

1.

2.

3-

4-

5-

6.

7-

8.

60.

1.

2. 3-4* 5* 6.

7-

8.

9*

Schedule

'TABLE No, 4. — Shewing the Annual Amount of Life Annuities granted on the Continuance of Two Lives, the Average Price thereof, in case the Age of the elder Nominee shall exceed the Age of the younger

Price of the £$ per Cent. Consolidated

Age of youn Life. 60 and under 6l. 61 and under 62. 62 and under 63- 63 and under 64. 64 and under cj- 65 and under 65. 66 and under 67. 67 and under 63. 68' and under 69. 69 and under 70. 70 and under 7U

35- 3 18 0 '3 l9 0 4 0 0 4 0 0 4 1 0 4 1 0 4 2 0 4 2 0 4 3 0 4 4 0 4 40

6. 39 0 4 0 0 4 0 0 4 1 0 4 1 0 4 2 0 4 3 0 4 3 0 4 4 0 4 4 0 4 50 I

7 4 0 0 4 1 0 4 1 0 4 2 0 4 2 0 4 3 0 4 4 0 4 4 0 4 3 0 4 5 0 4 6 0 j

8. 4 I 0 4 1 0 4 2 0 4 3 0 4 3 0 4 4 0 4 5 0 4 3 0 4 6 0 4 6 0 4 7 0

9- 4 2 0 4 2 0 4 3 0 4 4 0 4 4 0 4 5 0 4 6 0 4 6 0 4 7 0 4 7 0 4 80

40. 4 3 0 4 3 0 4 4 0 4 5 0 4 5 0 4 6 0 4 7 0 4 7 0 4 8 0 490 4 9° 1

1. 4 4 0 4 4 0 4 5 0 4 6 .0 4 6 0 4 7 0 4 8 0 4 8 0 490 4 10 0 +10 0 j

2. 4 5 0 4 5 0 4 6 0 4 7 0 4 7 0 4 8 0 490 4 10 0 4 10 0 4 11 0 4 n 0

3« 4 6 0 4 6 0 4 7 0 4 8 0 490 490 4 10 0 4 11 0 4 11 0 4 12 0 4 H 0

- 4- 4 7 0 4 8 0 4 8 0 490 4 10 0 4 11 0 4 11 0 4 12 0 4 »3 0 4 13 0 4 '4 0 j

5- 4 8 0 490 4 10 0 4 10 0 4 11 0 4 12 0 4 13 0 43 0 4 14 0 4 <5 0 4 160

6. 490 4 10 0 4 11 0 4 12 0 4 12 0 .43 0 4 H 0 4 l5 c 45 0 4 16 0 47 0

7* 4 71 0 4 11 0 4 12 0 43 0 4 H 0 45 0 4*5 0 4 16 0 47 0 4 18 0 4 »9 0

8. 4 12 0 4 r3 0 4 14 0 45 0 4 lS 0 4 16 0 47 0 4 18 0 4 J9 0 5 0 0 500

9*43 0 4 >4 0 4 15 0 4 16 0 4 17 0 4 18 0 49 0 5 0 0 5 0 0 5 1 0 520

50. 4 0 4 16 0 4 17 0 4 18 0 49 0 49 03 0 0 5 1 0 5 2 0 5 3 0 5 40

j. 4 0 4 18 0 4 19 0 49 0 5 0 0 5 1 0 5 2 0 5 3 0 5 4 0 5 3 0 5 6 0

2. 4 18 0 4 19 0 5 0 0 5 1 0 5 2 0 5 3 0 5 4 0 5 5 0 5 6 0 3 7 0 j 80

3* 5 0 0 5 1 0 5 2 0 5 3 0 5 4 0 5 5 0 5 6 0 5 7 0 5 8 0 590 j 10 0

4- 5 2 0 5 3 0 5 4 0 5 5 0 5 6 0 5 7 0 5 8 0 590 3 11 0 3 12 0 5 '3 0

5* 5 4 0 5 59S 6 0 5 7 0 5 8 0 590 5 10 0 5 11 0 5 12 0 53 0 5Ho

6. 5 6 0 5 7 O 5 8 0 590 5 IQ 0 5 u 0 5 12 0 53 0 55 0 S 16 0 5 '7° j

7- 5 8 0 59O 3 11 0 5 12 0 5 T3 0 5 H 0 5 !5 0 3 16 0 5 27 0 5 19 0 600

8. 5 11 0 5 12 O 53 0 5 H 0 5 16 0 57 0 5 18 0 5 0 6 0 0 6 1 0 6 3 0

9- 5 14 0 5 J5 O 5 16 0 57 0 5 ^9 0 6 0 0 6 1 0 6 2 0 6 4 0 6 5 0 660

60. 5 17 0 5 18 O 5 T9 0 6 1 0 6 2 0 6 3 0 6 4 0 6 6 0 6 7 0 6 8 0 690

1. 5 19 0 6 1 0 6 2 0 6 3 0 6 5 0 6 6 0 6 7 0 690 6 10 0 6 n 0 6 ij 0

2- 6 3 0 6 4 O 6 6 0 '6 7 0 6 8 0 6 10 0 6 11 0 6 13 0 6 H 0 65 0 6 17 0

3* 6 7 0 6 8 O 6 10 0 6 11 0 6 12 c 6 H 0 6 J3 0 6 17 0 6 18 0 7 0 0 7'0

4* 6 11 0 6 12 O 6 H 0 6 lS 0 67 0 6 18 0.7 0 0 7 1 0 7 3 0 7 4 0 j 6 c

5- 6 H 0 6 16 O 6 17 0 6 l9 0 7 0 0 7 2 0 7 4 0 7 3 0 7 7 o 7 8 0 7 10 0

48 GEORGII III.

0.142;

57*

(E.) — continued.

and the Life of the longer Liver of them, which will be payable for every s£i00 of Stock transferred, according to Nominee by more than Ten Years, but not by more than Fifteen Years, at the Time of the Transfer.

I

r Reduced Bank Annuities.

7«, ind under 12 and 72 under 75* anc 73 Ull 74- der ant 74. un tier 75- 75 and under 76. 76 and under 77- 77 and under .; 3- 78 and under 79- 79 and under 80. So and under 8l. to 5 0 0 b to.

4 5 0 4 3 0 4 6 0 4 7 0 4 7 0 4 8 0 4 8 0 490 490 4 10 0 35*

460 4 6 0 4 7 0 4 7 0 4 8 0 490 490 4 IO 0 4 10 0 4 11 0 6.

4 7 0 4 7 0 4 8 0 4 8 0 490 4 10 0 4 10 0 4 11 0 4 11 0 4 12 0 7-

480 4 8 0 49O 4 .9 0 4 10 0 4 11 0 4 11 0 4 12 0 4 13 0 43 0 8.

4 5 0 490 4 10 0 4 11 0 4 11 0 4 12 0 4 13 0 4 13 0 4 14 0 44 0 9-

4 10 0 4 11 0 4 11 0 4 12 0 4 12 0 4 1 ? 0 4 H 0 4 0 4 !3 0 4 16 0 40.

4 11 C 4 12 0 4 12 0 43 0 4 J4 0 4 0 4 15 0 4 16 0 4 16 0 4 17 0 1.

43 0 4 14 0 4 0 4 l5 0 4 16 0 4 16 0 4 J7 0 4 18 0 49 0 2.

414 0 4 14 0 43 0 4 16 0 4 16 0 4 17 0 4 18 0 4 19 0 4 19 0 5 0 0 3-

4 'j G 4 16 0 4 16 0 4 n 0 4 18 0 4 J9 0 4 19 0 5 0 0 3 1 0 5 2 0 4-

' 4 16 0 4 17 0 4 18 0 4 19 0 49 0 3 0 0 3 1 0 3 2 0 3 2 0 3 3 0 5.

4 18 0 419 0 4 19 0 3 0 0 3 1 0 5 2 0 5 3 0 3 3 0 5 4 0 5 3.0 6.

1 j 4 19 0 3 0 0 5 1 0 5 2 0 3 3 0 3 3 0 5 4 0 5 3 0 3 6 0 5 7 0 7*

I 1 0 3 2 0 3 3 0 3 4 c 3 4 0 3 3 0 3 6 0 3 7 0 3 8 0 3 0 8.

5 5 0 5 4 0 5 5 0 3 6 0 3 6 0 3 7 0 3 8 0 390 3 10 0 3 11 0 9-

5 5 0 5 6 0 3 7 0 3 7 0 3 8 0 590 3 10 0 3 11 0 5 12 0 33 0 30-

5 7 0 5 8 0 390 5 10 0 3 11 0 3 11 0 3 12 0 3 13 0 34 0 3 !3 0 1.

j90 5 10 0 3 11 0 5 12 0 3 J3 0 3 14 0 53 0 3 16 0 37 0 5 18 0 2.

5 11 0 5 12 0 33 0 54 0 3 i3 0 3 16 0 S J7 0 5 18 0 5 J9 0 6 0 0 3-

5 14 0 5 l5 0 5 16 0 57 0 3*8 0 3 T9 0 6 0 0 6 1 0 6 2 0 6 3 0 4-

3o 0 5 16 0 3 17 0 3 18 0 59 0 6 0 0 6 1 0 6 3 0 6 4 0 6 3 0 5*

; 18 0 5 19 0 6 0 0 6 i 0 6 2 0 6 3 0 6 4 0 6 6 0 6 7 0 6 8 0 6.

fj i 0 6 2 0 6 3 0 6 4 0 6 3 0 6 6 0 6 8 0 690 6 10 0 6 11 0 7*

r40 6 5 0 6 6 0 6 7 0 690 6 10 0 6 11 0 6 12 0 63 0 6 J3 0 8.

1c 7 © 690 6 10 0 6 11 0 6 12 0 6 13 0 6 >5 0 6 16 0 67 0 6 18 0 9-

1^a 0 6 12 0 63 0 65 0 6 16 0 67 0 6 19 0 7 0 0 7 1 0 7 2 0 60.

5 H 0 65 0 67 0 6 18 0 69 0 7 0 0 7 2 0 7 3 0 7 4 0 7 6 0 1.

0 7 0 0 7 0 7 2 0 7 4 0 7 3 0 7 7 0 7 8 0 790 7 11 0 2.

1: 30 7 4 0 7 6 0 7 7 0 7 8 0 7 10 0 7 11 0 7 13 0 7 14 0 7 16 0 3*.

*7o 790 7 10 0 7- 12 0 7 13 0 7 i3 0 7 17 0 7 18 0 8 0 0 8 1 0 4*

j 7 12 0 7 x3 0 7 >5 0 7 16 0 7 iS 0 8 0 0 8 1 0 8 3 0 8 4 0 8 6 0 5-

Schedule

TABLE No. 5.- — Shewing the Annual Amount of Life Annuities granted on the Continuance of Two Li^cs, the Average Price thereof, in case the Age of the elder Nominee shall exceed the Age of the your»ger

is Price of the per Cent. Consolidated

£ 5 >* 'a < 60 and under 6l. «, 1 ind under 62. 62 and under a 63- md under a 64. 64 , nd under a 65. 65 nd under .1 66. 66 nd under a 67. 67 nd under a 63. 1 63 nd under a 69. 69 nd under, ! 70. 70 nd under 7'*

35* 4 0 O 4 X 0 4 1 O 4 2 0 4 3 ° 4 3 0 4 4 0 4 4 0 4 5 0 460 460

6. 4' 1 c 4.2 0 4 2 0 4 3 ° 440 4 4 0 4 5 0 4 5 ° 4 6 0 4 7 0 4 7 0

7- 4 2 0 4 3 0 4 3 0 4 4 0 440 4 5 0 460 4 6 0 4 7 0 480 480

8. 4 3 0 4 3 0 4 4 0 4 5 0 4 5 © 460 4 7 0 4 7 0 4 S 0 490 4 9°

9- 4 4 0 4 4 0 4 3 0 4 6 0 4 7 0 4 7 0 480 490 490 4 10 0 4 11 0

40. 4 S 0 4 6 0 4 6 0 4 7 0 4 80 480 490 4 10 0 4 10 0 4 11 0 4 11 0

i. 4 0 4 7 0 4 7 0 4 8 0 490 490 4 10 0 4 no 4 12 0 4 22 0 4 MO

2. 4 7 0 4 8 0 4 8 0 490 410 0 4110 4 11 0 4 12 0 ! 4 >3 0 4 H 0 4 H 0

3- 4.»0 490 4 1° 0 4 10 0 4 n 0 4 12 0 4130 4 14 O 4 14 0 4 15 ° 4 16 0

4- 490 4 JO 0 4 " 0 4 12 0 4 13 3 4 13 0 4 14 0 + 50 4 16 0 4 16 0 4 J7°

3* a 11 0 4 12 0 4 J2 0 4 13 0 4 i'4 0 43 0 4 16 .0 4 l6 O 4 17 0 4 18 0 4 190

6. 4» 0 4 >3 0 4 H 0 4^0 4 15 0 4 16 0 4 17 0 4 28 0 4 19 0 500 J Q

7* 44 0 4 H 0 4 ij 0 4 16 0 4 17 0 4 18 0 4 19 0 5 0 0 5 1 0 5 1 0 5 10

8. 4 IJ 0 4 16 0 4 J7 0 4 18 0 4 19 0 500 5 00 s I 0 5 2 0 5 3 0 j 4°

9- 4 J7 0 4 18 0 4 0 5 0 0 5»0 5»0 5 a 0 3 0 5 4 0 5 5 0 j 60

49 0 S 0 0 5 1 0 3 1 0 5 s 0 5 3 0 5 4 0 5 5 0 5 6 0 5 7 0 5 S 0

X. 5*0 5 X 0 5*0 5 3 0 5 4 0 5 5 0 560 s 7 0 3 8 0 590 5 io°

2. 5»0 5 3 0*0 5 6 0 5 7 0 580 590 5 10 0 5 11 0 5 12 0 S >3 0

3- 5 3 0 5 4 0 S 5 0 5 6 0 5 7o 5 80 590 5 10 0 3 11 0 53 ° 5 H 0

4- 5 5 0 5 6 0 5»0 590 5 10 o' 5 11 0 5 12 0 5 J3 0 5 14 0 5 l5 0 J i*0

' 5- 5 8 0 590 S 10 0 5 11 0 5 12 0 5 13 0 5 H 0 5 16 0 5 17 0 5 18 0 J i9c

<5. 5 0 5 11 0 5 13 0 5 14 0 s 15 0 5 16 0 7o S 18 0 5 19 0 6 10 6 jc

7* 53 0 5 H 0 55 0 5 16 0 5 18 0 3 19 0 600 6 1 0; 6 2 0 640 <5 5 0

8. 5 0 5 0 0 S 18 0 5 19 0 6 1 0 6 20 630 6 5 0 1 6 6 0 6 7 0 (; 8 C

9- 5 «9 © 5 0 0 6 1 0 6 3 0 6 4 0 6 s 0 (5 ? 0 <5 8 0 690 6 10 0 JJ 0

60. 6 © 6 3 c <S 5 0 6 6 0 670 690 6 10 0 6 11 0 6 13 o 6 14 0 5 16 c

(E). — continued.

ind the Life of the longer Liver of them, which will be payable for every £100 of Stock transferred, according to Nominee by more than Fifteen Years, but not by more than Twenty Years, at the Time of the Transfer.

- 1--'----- T----- -

or Reduced Bank Annuities.

71 and under I1' 72 and under 73- 73 and under 74- 74 and under 75- 75 and under 76. 76 and under 77- 77 and under 78. 78 and under 79* '79 and under 80. 80 and under 8l. 00 5 3 >N O O 10.

4 7 0 4 7 0 4 8 0 490 490 4 10 0 4 10 0 4 11 0 4 12 0 4 12 0 33-

4 8 0 4 8 0 490 4 10 0 4 10 0 4 11 0 4 12 0 4 12 0 4 13 0 4 13 0 6.

490 4 10 0 4 10 0 4 11 0 4 11 0 4 12 0 4 13 0 4 13 0 4 14 0 45 0 7-

4 10 0 4 u 0 4 n 0 4 12 c 4 13 0 4 13 0 4 14 0 4 5 0 4 13 0 4 16 0 8.

4 11 0 4 12 0 4 i.3 0 4 13 0 4 14 0 4 13 0 4 13 0 4 16 0 4 17 0 47 0 9-

4 13 0 4 13 c 4 14 0 4 i5 0 4 »5 0 4 16 0 4 17 0 47 0 4 18 0 49 0 4°.

4 14 0 4 'S 0 45 0 4 16 0 4 i7 0 47 0 4 18 0 49 0 4 19 0 3 0 0 1.

415 0 4 16 0 4 i7 0 4 17 0 '4 IS 0 49 0 5 0 0 3 0 0 3 1 0 3 2 0 2.

4 >7 0 417 0 4 18 0 4 '9 0 5 0 0 5 0 0 3 1 0 3 2 0 3 3 0 3 3 0 3-

418 0 419 0 5 0 0 3 0 0 5: 0 3 2 0 3 3 0 3 3 0 3 4 0 3 5 0 4-

5 0 0 5 0 0 5 1 0 3 2 0 3 3 0 S 4 0 3 4 0 3 3 0 3 6 0 3 7 0 3-

5 1 0 5 2 0 3 3 0 3 4 0 5 3 0 3 3 0 3 6 0 3 7 0 3 8 0 390 6.

d } 0 5 4 0 5 5 0 5 6 0 5 6 0 3 7 0 5 8 0 390 3 IO 0 5 11 0 7*

5 5 0 5 6 0 3 7 0 3 8 0 5 8 0 390 3 10 0 3 11 0 3 12 0 3 13 0 8.

d 7 0 5 8 0 390 5 10 0 3 11 0 3 11 0 5 12 0 53 0 3 14 0 3 15 0 9-

d90 5 10 0 5 11 0 5 12 0 3 13 0 3 14 0 3 i3 0 5 16 0 37 0 3 18 0 3°*

J 11 0 5 12 0 3 13 0 5 14 0 5 i5 0 5 16 0 3 17 0 3 18 0 3 19 0 6 0 0 1.

d h 0 515 0 5 16 0 3 17 0 3 18 0 3 19 0 6 0 0 6 1 0 6 2 0 6 3 0 2.

d'5 0 5 i5 0 3 i7 0 5 18 0 3 19 0 6 0 0 6 1 0 6 2 0 6 3 0 6 4 0 3

5 17 0 5 18 0 59 0 6 1 0 6 2 0 6 3 0 6 4 0 6 5 0 6 6 0 6 7 0 4-

6 0 0 6 1 0 6 2 0 6 3 0 6 5 0 6 6 0 6 7 0 6 8 0 690 6 10 0 3*

3 0 6 4 0 6 5 0 6 6 0 6 8 0 690 6 10 0 6 11 0 6 12 0 6 13 0 6.

6 fi 0 6 7 0 6 8 0 6 10 0 6 11 0 6 12 0 6 13 0 6 J5 0 6 16 0 67 0 7*

6 10 0 6 it 0 6 12 0 6 13 0 6 15 c 6 16 0 6 17 0 6 18 0 7 0 0 7 1 0 8.

6 >3 0 6 H 0 6 j6 0 6 i7 0 6 18 0 7 0 0 7 1 0 7 2 0 7 4 0 7 5 0 9*

6 >7 0 6 18 0 7 0 0 7 1 0 7 2 0 7 4 0 7 5 0 7 6 0 D 780 ^oj (te

574

C. 142.

48° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1808.

Schedule

TABLE No. 6. — Shewing the An ni: al Amount of Life Annuities granted on the Continuance of Two Live?, Average Price therev*f, in case the Age of the elder Nominee Audi exceed the Age of the younger Nominee

1 -

t w> Price of the j per Cent. Con foliated

0 60 61 62 I 6.3 64 ! 66 67 6$ 69 70

0 and under md under tnd u> der md under tnd under and under md under .: <d 'uder. md under ndnide 1 in1 under

0 bO < 61. 62. 6u. 64 i 65- 1 66. 67.'! 63. 1 6j. 1 70. 1 7l*

35* 4 a 0 4 3 c 4 3 0 4 4 0 4 5 ol 4 5 0 4 6 1 0 4 7 0 4 7 0 j 4 8 J, 480

6. 4 3 0 4 4 0 4 4 0 4 5 0'4 6 0 4 6 0 4 7 0 4*0 4 8 0 490 i 4 10 u

7' 4 4 0 4 5 0 4 5 0 4 6 0 4 7 0 4 7 0 4 8 0 490 +9° i 10 0 4 10 0

8. 4 5 4 6 0 4 6 0 4 7 0 i 4 8 ° i 4 8 0 490 4 : o 0 4 10 0 1 4 11 0 4 ti c

9- 4 6 0 4 7 0 4 7 0 4 8 0 i; 490 1 490 4 x 0 0 4 11 0 I 4 11 O j 4 12 0 4 1$ 0

to. 4 7 0 4 8 0 90 490 J: 1 4 JO 0 i 4 11 0 4 ir 0 4 1 0 1 4 13 0 j 4 14 0 ' 4 M 0

1 4 8 c. 490 4 10 0 A 10 0 4 11 0 ! 4 12 0 4 1 > 0 43 c. 4 M 0 i 4 15 0 j 4160

2 490; 4 10 0 4 11 0 4 12 0 ( T »3 0 4 l3 0 + >4 0 4 15 01 4 16 0 4 10 0 4 17 0

<* 4 11 0 4 12 0 4 12 0 4 3'0 4 »4 0 ! 4 '5 0 1 4: 6 0 4. 16 01 4: 7 0 4 8 0 j 4 19 0 i

4' 4 >2 0 4 13 c 4 1 4 0 45 0 ! 4 15 0 i 4 16 ° I 1 4 '7 0 4 18 01 4 '9 0 5 0 0'5 0 0 I

5- 4 14 0 4 14 0 4 15 0 4 16 0 i47 0 1 14 j 8 c j 4 19 O 4 19 0 5 0 0 ! 5 1 0 5 2 0 i

6 4 15 0 4 16 0 4 7 0 4 18 0 49 0 4 19 0 5 0 0 5«0 5 a 0 !5 3 0; 5 4 °

4 17 0. 4 18 0 4 19 0 49 0 5 0 0 5 1 0 5 2 0 5 3 0 5 4 0 5 5 0 15 0 0

8. 4 18 0 49 0 5 0 0 5 X 0 5 2 0 5 3 0 5 4 0 5 5 0 5 ft 0 15 7 0 1 5 8 0 j

y- 5 0 0 5 1 0 5 2 0 5 3 0 5 4 0 5 5 0 5 6 0 5 7 0 5 8 0 590 5 10 c

5° 5 1 0 5 2 0 5 3 0 5 4 0 5 5 0 5 6 0 5 7 0 5*0 590 5 '0 0 5 0

i« 5 3 0 5 4 0 5 5 0 5 6 0 5 7 0 5 8 0 590 5 »° c 5 i« 0 5 1* 0 5 n 0

2. 5 5 0 5 6 0 5 7 0 5 8 0 590 5 10 0 5 11 0 5 >1 0 5 '3 0 5 4 0 > 16 0

I. 5 7 0 5 8 0 590 5 10 0 5 1X 0 5 n 0 5 >4 0 55 0 56 0 5 i7 c 5180

4- 590 5 11 0 S 12 0 5 0 5 14 0 5 15 0*16 0 <7 0 S9 0 6 0 0 0 1 0

5* 5 12 0 5 13 0 5 4 0 51 5 0 5 17 0 5 x 8 0 5 l9 0 6 0 0 6 1 0 6 2 0 J 6 4 0 1

TABLE No. ). — Shewing the Annual Amount of Life Annuities granted on the Continuance of Two Lives, Average Price thereof, in case the Age of the elder Nominee shall exceed the Age of the younger Nominee

Price of the per Cent. Consolidated

00

s 0 'o V cC < 60 and under 61. 61 and under 1 <2' 62 uid under 63. ! <53 md under 64. and mi [ 6J. 'ei r 1 d uudei 66. 66 J 67 nd untie) and ui 67. 63 0 -0 1 63 ! nd in 1 Oy- idei 1 69 and in ! 70 .da I 1° nd um!u 1 : i'

35- 4 4 0 4 5 0 4 5 0 X 6 0 j. 7 0 4 7 0 4 8 0 490 49! 0 i 1 4 10' 0 1 1 4 10 0

6. 4 5 0 4 6 0 4 6 0 4 7 0 4 8 0 4 8 0 490 4 10 0 4 10 0 j 4 21 0 1 4 12 0

7- 4 6 0 4 7 0 ! V 7 0 4 8 0: 490 490 4 >0 0: 4 11 0 4.2 0.: j 12 0 4 3 0

8 4 7 0 4 8 O 4 8 0 490; 4 JO 0 4 I X 0 4 11 0 I 1 4 J2 0 4 13 0 4 3 O ! I 4 14 0

9.4 8 0 49O 4 10 0 4 10 0 !4 ir 0 4 12 0 4 '3 0 ! ! 5 13 0 4 14 °i 4 »5 O 1 4 it> 0

40 490 4 10 O 4 r 0 4 12 0 ! 4 12 0 43 0 4 4 0 4 »5 0 45 0 1 4 0 4 17 0

1. 4 ] 1 0 4 11 O 4 > 2 0 4 13 0 4 '4 0 4 J5 0 4 1 5 Q 4 (A 0 4 j 0 4 j8 0 4 1 $ 0

2 4 12 0 4 13 O 4 14 0 4 14 0 4 15 0 4 16 0 4 17 O j 4 18 0 4 1* 0 i 4 19 01 5 0 0

3. 4 13 0 4 14 O* 4 15 0 4 16 0 i 4 n 0 4 i7 0 4 18 0; 4 Jy 0 5 0 0! 5 1 0 1 5 2 0

4 4 1 5 0 4 16 O 4 16 0 4 17 0 ! 4 18 0 4 19 0 5 0 0 ! 5 I 0 5 2 0.5 2 0 5 3 0

5 4 16 0 4 >7 O 4 18 0 49 O 1 s 0 0 5 X 0 S 2 0 5 2, 0 5 3 0 I 5 4 0'5 5 0

6. 4 18 0 4 r9 O 5 0 0 5 1 0 5 2 0 5 2 0 5 3 0 1 5 4 0 5 5 w 1 5 6 0 j 5 7 0

7 5 0 0 5 1 O 5 2 0 5 2 0 ! .5 3 0 5 4 0 5 5 V j 5 6 0 5 7 0 a 8 0 590

8 5 0 0 5 1 O 5 2 0 S 3 0 i 5 4 0 5 5 0 5 6 0 5 7 0 5 8 'O I 590.5 10 0

9 5 2 0 5 3 0 5 4 0 3 5 0 5 6 0 5 7 0; 5 8 0 590 5 10 0 I 1 5 1 1 0 1 1 1, 12 0

50. 5 4 0*5 0 5 6 0 5 7 0 5 8 0 S90 5 10 0 5 11 i 01 5 12 1 01 5 »3 1 5; 4 0

E.) — continued.

and Life of the lender Liver of thorn, which wil] be payable for every >00 of Stock transferred, according to the by more than Twenty Years, but not by more than Twenty-five Years, at tin: Time of the Ihaubfei.

or Reduce^Bank Annuities

i 1 71 tfid under 72. 72 and under 73- I^ 4 1 1 = i'- 1 T§ 4er 74 wd under 75- 77 , inil tmdei 76. 76 and under 77- 1 1 77, and under 78. 78 and under 79* 79 and under 80. 1 80 and under 81. eA E 3 O O U tc.

49 j 0: 4 10 0 4 io 0 4 11 0 4 12 0 4 12 0 4 13 0 43 0 4 14 0 4 '5 0 Jf*

4 0 i 11 0 4*a 0 4 11 0 4 n 0 43 O 4 14 0 4 '5 0 45 0 4 1 6 0 6.

U n 0 4 li 0 4 12 0 4 n 0 4 0 4 15 0 4 1 5 0 4 16 0 4 '7 0 4 17 0 7

(4 12 0 ! 4 13 0 4 14 0 1 4 »4 0 4 »5 O 4 16 0 4'7 0 47 0 4 1 8 0 4 »9 0 8.

4 »4 0 i44 0 4 15 0 4 )6 O 4 17 0 4 17 O 4 18 0 49 0 49 0 5 0 0 9-

4 «S 0 i 4 j6 0 + 16 0 47 1 0 1 4 18 0 4 T9 O 4 19 0 5 0 0. S 1 0 5 2 0 4°.

4 16 0 |4 17 0 t 18 0 4 '9 0 49 0 s 0 0 5 1 0 5 2 O 5 2 0 5 3 0 1.

I4. 18 0 i 4 »9 0 5 0 0 5 0 0 5 X 0 5 1 0 5 3 0 5 3 0 5 4 0 5 5 0 2.

Is 0 0 15 0 0 5 1 0 5 2 0 5 3 O 5 .2 0 5 4 0 5 5 0 5 6 0 5 7 0 3-

5 1 0 ! 5 1 0 5 1 0 5 4 0 5 4 0 5 5 0 5 6 0 5 7 0 5 8 0 590 4

|i 3 0 15 4 0 5 5 0 5 5 0 5 6 O 5 7 O 5 8 0 590 5 to 0 5 10 0

5 5 0 J i 5 5 0 5 6 0 5 7 0 5 8 0 590 5 10 0 5 ll 0 5 12 0 5 >2 0 6.

r S 7 0 5 8 0 5 8 0 590 5 10 0 5 11 0 5 12 0 53 0 5 M 0 5 15 0 7*

J9 0 5 10 0 5 10 0 5 11 0 5 1 2 0 53 O 5 14 0 5 15 0 5 16 0 5 1 7 0 8.

5 11 0 5 ll 0 53 O 5 U O 5 15 0 5 16 0 5 17 0 5 i 8 0 5 18 0 59 0 9-

5 I. 0 5 0 5 14 0 5 15 0 5 16 0 5 17 0 5 l8 0 5 19 0 6 O 0 6 1 0 5°.

5 14 0 i 5 lS 0 5 16 0 5 17 O 5 18 0 s9 0 6 0 0 6 X 0 6 2 0 6 1 0 f.

jS 17 0 15)8 0 5 19 0 6 0 O 6 I 0 6 2 0 6 3 0 6 4 0 6 5 0 6 6 0 2.

4 19 0 I 6 0 0 6 0 6 1 O 6 4 0 6 5 0 6 6 0 6 7 0 6 8 0 690 3.

\*0 ! 6 3 0 6 4 0 6 5 0 6 6 0 6 8 0 690 6 10 0 6 11 0 6 12 0 4*

I6 5 0 1 I6 6 0 6 7 0 6 8 O 690 6 11 0 6 j a 0 63 0 6 M 0 6 '5 0 5-

and the Life of the longer Liver of them, which will be payable for every <£100 of Stock transferred, according to the by more than Twenty-five Years, but not by more than Thirty Years at the Time of the Transfer.

or Reduced Bank Annuities.

71 7* 73 74 75 7* I 77 1 78 79 80 c 3 C Ps

i"d under, and under md under and under md under and under and under j and under and under and under 0

72. ! 73- 74 75 7 6. !_ 77 78 !» bo. 81. u to.

4 I' 1 0, 12 C 1 4 12 6 4 M 0 4 14 0 I^14 0 45 0 1 4 16 0 4 16 0 4 17 O 35-

!411 0 4 13 O 4 14 0 4 14 0 4 15 0 4 16 0 4 16 0 4 '7 0 4 18 0 4 18 0 6.

4 »4 0 4 U O 4 1 S 0 4 16 0 4 16 0 14 »7 0 4 8 0 4 18 0 49 0 5 0 0 7*

45 0 4 16 O 4 16 0 4 17 0 4 1 3 0 4 18 0 4 »9 0 5 0 0 5 1 0 1 5*0 8.

4 iO 0; i 4 j 17 O 4 18 0 4 19 0 4 19 0 s 0 0 5 1 0 5*0 5 2 0 1 5 3 0 9*

4 I? 0 4 18 O 4 >9 0 5 0 0 S 1 0 i 5 1 0 5 2 0 5 .3 0 5 4 0 1'5 5 0 40.

49 n i 5 0 O 5 1 0 5 2 0 i 2 0 f5 3 0 5 4 0 5 S 0 5 5 0 ! 5 6 0 1.

s*0 5 2 O 5 2 0 1 5 3 0 S 4 0: 5 5 0 5 6 0 S 6 0 5 7 0 5 8 0 2.

I 5*0 i 5 3 O 5 4 0 5 5 0 5 6 0 5 7 " 5 7 0 5 8 0 590 5 »o 0 J

I5 J 0 5 5 0 5 6 0 5 7 0 5 8 0 5 8 0 590 5 10 0 J n 0 S 11 0 4.

5 0 5 7 0 5 8 o 590*9 0 5 10 0 5 11 0 5 1* 0 53 0 5 T4 0 5*

8 0 ! 590 5 ro o S 11 0 5 11 0 1 5 12 ° 5 n 0 5 14 0 55 0 5 i* 0 6.

5 10 0 5 11 0 5 12 0 5 1 3 0 S M* ° J*15 ° 5 15 0 5 ift 0 5 17 0 5 18 0 7.

s 11 0 5 12 0 S >3 0 ! 5 14 0 5 15 0 5 15 ° 5 16 0 5 >7 0 5 18 0 5 i9 0 8.

1 0 5 14 0 s5 0 5 16 0 5 17 °| 5 18 0: 1 5 9 0 6 0 0 6 1 0 6 2 0, 9

15 , J 0 5 16 0 5 i7 0 S 18 0 59 I °l 6 0 01 1 6 1 0 6 1 0 6 3 0 6 4 0 5°-

Schedule

TABLE No. 8. — Shewing the Annual Amount of Life Annuities granted on the Continuance of Two Lives, Average Price thereof, in case the Age of the elder Nominee shall exceed the Age of the younger Nominee

Price of the s€s per Cent. Cdftfolidated

*> t* a 0 60 61 62 63 64 I 65 66 67 00 69 70

0 and under and under and under and under and under and under and under and under and under and under; tnd uudci

bO < 61. 62. 63. 64. 65- 66. 67. 68. 69. 70. 71*

35- 460 460 470 480 480 490 4 10 0 4 11 0 4IIO 412 0 4 13 0

6. 470 480 480 4 9«> 4 10 0 4 10 0 4 11 0 4 12 0 4 12 0 413 0 4 14 0

7- 4 80 490 490 .4 10 0 4 11 0 4 12 0 4 12 0 43 0 4 14 o 414 0 4 15

8. 490 4 10 0 4 11 0 4 P 4 12 0 43 0 4 14 0 4 14 o 4 15 0 416 0 4 16 0

9- 4 io 0 4 11 0 4 12 0 4 l3 0 4 x3 0 4 14 0 4 15 0 4 16 0 4 16 0 4 «7 0 4 18 0

40. 4 12 0 4 12 0 43 0 4 14 o 4 x5 p 4 15 0 4 16 0 4 17 0 4 18 0 4 »9 0 4 19 0

1. 4 13 0 4 14 0 4 14 o 4 15 ° 4 16 0 4 17 0 4 18 0 4 18 0 4 19 0 500 5 10

2. 4 14 0 4 15 0 4 16 0 4 17 0 4 18 0 4 18 O 4 19 0 500 5 1 0 5 a 0 5 2 0

3- 4 16 0 4 J7 0 4170 4 18 0 4 19 0 5 00 5*0 520 520 5 3 0 5 4°

4- 4 17 0 4 18 0 4 19 0 500 5 1 0 520 5 20 S 3 0 540 5 5 0 j 60

5- 4 19 0 500 5 1 0 5 1 0 520 5 3 0 5 4 0 5 5o 560 570 5 8 0

TABLE No.9. — Shewing the Annual Amount of Liss. Annuities granted on the Continuance of Two Lives,

Average Price thereof, in case the Age of the elder Nominee shall exceed the Age of

ii> Price of the £$ per Cent. Consolidated

hfi c: a O 60 61 62 63 64 65 66 67 68 69 7°

O and under and under and under and under and under and under and under and under and under and under and under

Ui < 6l. 62. 63- 64. 65. 66. 67. 68. 69. 7°. V'

35- 480 480 490 4 10 0 4 10 0 4 ii 0 4 12 0 4 12 0 4 i3 0 4 H 0 4 >5 0

490 49° 4 10 0 4110 4 12 0 4 12 0 4 13 0 4 H p 4 T4 0 4 ij 0 4 16 0

7- 4 IO 0 4 10 0 4 11 0 4 12 0 43 0 4130 4 14 0 4 15 4 16 0 4 16 0 4 0

8. 4 11 0 4 12 0 4 12 0 4^o 4 14 0 4 15 0 4 15 0 4 16 0 4 17 0 4 i3 0 4 19 0

9- 4 12 0 43 0 4 14 0 4 14 o 4150 4 16 0 4 17 0 4 18 0 4 18 0 4 19 0 5 0 0

40. 4130 4 14 0 4 15 o 4 16 0 4 17 0 4 !7 0 4180 49 0 500 5 1 0 5 1 0

A.D. 1808. 48° GEORGII III. C. 142.

(E.) — continued.

and the Life of the longer Liver of them, which will be payable for every £100 of Stock transferred, according to thfi by more than Thirty Years, but not by more than Thirty-five Years, at the Time of the Transfer.

or Reduced Bank Annuities.

71 72 73 74 ^75 76 77 78 79 80 eJo c 3 O

and under and under and under and under and under and under and under and under and under and under 'o v

72. 73- 74. 75- 76. 77- 78. 79' 80. 81. 00.

4 13 0 4 H O 45 0 4 15 0 4 16 0 4 17 O 4 n 0 4 l8 O 49 0 49 0 35-

4 0 4 15 O 4 16 0 4 17 0 417 0 4 18 O 4 29 0 49 0 5 0 0 5 1 0 - 6.

4 16 0 47 0 4 17 0 4 iS 0 419 0 4 ip Q 5 0 0 5 2 0 5, 2 0 5 2 0 7*

4 17 0 4 18 0 4 19 0 419 0 500 5 1 0 5*0 5^0 5 3 0 4 0 8.

4 19 0 4 l9 0 5 0 0 5 1 0 520 5*O 5 3 0 5 4 0 5 5 5 5 O 9*

0 0 vr> 5 1 0 5 2 0 5 2 0 530 5 4 0 5 5 0 5 6 0 5 6 O 5 7 0 40.

; 20 5 2 0 5 3 0 5 4 0 55° 5 6 0 5 7 0 5 7 0 5 8 O 590 1.

5 3 0 5 4 0 5 S 0 5 6 0 5 1 ° 5 7 0 5 8 0 590 5 10 0 5 11 0 2.

5 5 0 5 6 0 5 7 0 5 7 0 580 5 0 5 10 0 5 " 0 5 I? O 5 >3 0 3-

5 7 0 5 8 0 590 590 510 0 5 0 5 0 5 J3 0 5 14 O 5s 0 4-

590 5 10 0 5 10 0 5 " 0 j 12 0 5 »3 0 54 0 5 »5 0 5 16 O 5 17 0 5-

and the Life of the longer Liver of them, which will be payable for every ^100 of Stock transferred, according to the the younger Nominee by more than Thirty-five Years at the Time of the Transfer.

ot Reduced Bank Annuities.

7*

and under 72.

72.

and under

73-

4150

417 0 4 18 0

4 19 0

5 1 0

5*0

73

and under

74-

4 16 o 4 17 o

4 19 o 500 520

5 3

4 17 ° 4 18 o

4 19 o

5 1 ° 520

5 4 0

74

75

76

and under and under and under

76.

75-

77-

77

and under

7s.

4 17 o

4 19 o

5 00 520 5 3 0 5 5°

4 o

4 19 o

5 1 ° .520 540 5 5°

4 19 o

5 00 520

5 3° 5 5° 560

4 19

5 1

520 5 4° 5 5°

5 7o

7s

and under

79-

79

and under

So.

500 520 5 3 0

560

580

5 2 ° 520

5 4 0

5 5 0

5

S'90

80

and under

Si.

520

5 3 0

5 4 0

560 580 5 9°

35-

6.

7-

8.

9-

40.

578 C. 142, 143-

48° GEORGII 1IL

A.D. 1808.

SCHEDULE (F.)

; FORM of the CERTIFICATE to be granted by the said Officer, in order to enable the Receipt of the Annuity from Time to Time at the Bank of England.

DO hereby certify to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, That it appears by a Certificate and Affidavit produced to me, conformably to the Provisions of an Act, passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act [here insert the Title of this Act^ That A.B. the Nominee [or, in cale of Two Nominees, one of the Two Nominees] [or, the Survivor of the T«o Nominees] described in the Certificate, No. of the Day of

granted for the Purpose of enabling the Transfer of £ 3 per Centum Consolidated

[or, Reduced] Bank Annuities, for the Purchase of a Life Annuity on the Life of the said [or, on the Lives of the said and and the Life of the

longer Liver of them] was living on the Day of on which Day a

Half-yearly Payment of the said Annuity became due.

Witness my Hand this Day of

SCHEDULE (G.)

FORM of the CERTIFICATE to be granted by the said Officer, in order to enable the Receipt of One fourth Part of an Annuity, upon the Death of a Tingle or surviving Nominee.

T, DO hereby certify to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, That it appears by a Certificate and Affidavit produced to me, conformably to the Provisions of an Act, passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act [here insert the Title of the Ad-\ that A.B. the Nominee [or, in case of Two Nominees, the surviving Nominee] described in the Certificate, No. of the Day of granted for the Purpose of enabling the Transfer of

£, 3 per Centum Consolidated [or, Reduced] Bank Annuities, for the Purchase of a Life Annuity on the Life of the said [or, on the Life of the said

and and the Life of the longer Liver of them] died on the Day of

Witness my Hand this Day of

Stmnp A Cl,

4 4 G. 1. r. OS..Schedule A-j

Duties on Licences to sell Ale, K»\ under recited Act repealed.

After loth 0<stol»cr isos,

in Great Britain, iin h Licences IhaJJ Ik* granted by ( ommidinners of Excite at die .Head Olliers, and l»v C ode<dors in the Country.

CAP. CXLIII.

An Act to repeal the Stump Duties on Licences granted 'by Justices of the Peace for selling Ale, Beer, and other Excii'eable Liquors by Retail j and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

[2d July 1808.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty-Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Mfieily, intituled,

4 7 V An Act to repeal the federal Duties tnufer the Commisst otters for -managing the Duties upon Stamped Vellum,

Parchment, and Paper, in Great Britain, and to grant new and additional Duties in lieu thereof, certain Stamp*Duties were imposed on Licences granted by any Justice or Justices of the Peace or other Magi (Irate or Magistrates for selling Ale, Beer, or other Excii'eable Liquors by retail: And whereas it is expedient that the said Duties should be repealed, and other Duties granted in lieu thereof, to be placed under the Manage- meat of the Commissioners of Excise be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and eight, all and singular the said Duties shall cease and determine; lave and except in all Cases relating .0 the receiving or paying any Arrears thereof resp-'clively, which may at any Time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any Time before or on the said Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and eight.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and eight, all and every Person or Persons, who shall fell Beer or Ale by Retail, or who shall 1VII Cyder or Perry, to be drank or consumed in his, her, or their Hotife or Premises, shall, before he, she, or they shall fell any Beer or Ale by Retail, or any Cyder or Perry, to be drank or consumed in his, her, or their House or Premises, takeout an Excise Licence, authorizing Inch Person or Persons to fell Beer or Ale by Retail, and also Cyder and Perry, to he drank or consumed in his, her, or their House or Premises; which Licence shall be granted in Manner herein after mentioned; (that is to say) If any such Licence shall be taken out within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, the same shall be granted under the Hands and heals of Two or more of the Commissioners of Excise in England for the Time being, or of such Persons as they the said Commissioners of Excise or the major Part of them for the Time being shall from Time to Time appoint or employ for that Purpose; and if any inch Licence shall he taken out in any Part of England, not within the said Limits, the fame ft rail be granted under the respe clive Hands and Seals of the several Collodion! and Supervisors of Excise within their respective Collections and Diflridls; and in cate any such Licence shall be taken out within the Limits of the City of Edinburgh, the lame shall be granted under the Hands and Seals of Two or more of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the Time being; or if any such Licence shall be taken out in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, out of the said Limits of the City of Edinburgh, vthen the same shall be granted under the respective Hands and Seals of the several Collectors and Supervisors of

1 Excise

48° GEORGII III.

C. 143- 579

Excise in Scotland, within their respective Collections and Districts; and the said Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland reflectively, or any Two or more of them respectively, and the Persons to he appointed or employed by the said Commi(honors of Excise in England or Scotland respectively, or the major Part of them, and also all such Collectors and Supervisors are hereby n spectively authorized and required to grant such Jlicences i^ceilf.e j)u, y to the Persons who shall apply for the fame, on the Person or Persons so applying, Grit paying for such Licence 'ii. 2*. aDutyof Two Pounds Two Shillings, to he applied and accounted for as herein after directed.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Duty by this Act directed to Be paid for such Licences, Hull he Duty < aid at such Places, or to such Persons as are herein after in that Behalf reflectively mentioned; (that is to say) Licences itoill he

' ' pail u> the I h ad

Oirict*, nr U> the Coi'.c^tors.

1 such

Duration of Licence; 10tl>

(JcioIkt >tally.

out licences, 1 i tain ( acts <>t Charters.

r< lit a Tnt Days alter Expiration.

P< nalty 50l.

i\tTuu»rs an \ Alf.L n< t s may h: t\ tlto H« t tl: t'of Lilt lit C».

Pa.,

For Licences which shall be taken out within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, the same shall be paid at the Chief Office of Excise in London; and for Licences which shall be taken out within the Limits of the City of Edinburgh, the same shall be paid at the Chief Office of Excise in Edinburgh; and for Licences which shall be taken out in any Part of Great Britain, not within the said respective Limits, the same shall be paid to the respective Collectors of Excise granting such respective Licences; and ail Licences which shall be granted under and by virtue of this Act, to any Person or Persons, to fell Beer and Ale by Retail, and Cyder and Perry, to be drank or consumed in his, her, or their House or Premises, shall remain and continue in force until and upon the Tenth Day of October next eufiling the Time of granting thereof, and no longer.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the Licence or Authority granted Time of taking by any Justices of the Peace or Magistrates, or other competent Persons, to any Person or Persons to keep a Common Inn, Ale House, or Victualling H-uife, shall under or in pui fuance of any Charter, Cidiom, or Ufuge, be issued at any Time of the Year except in the Month of September, and terminate or expire at any Time of the Year except in the Month of September, then and in every Inch Case the Excise Licence required by this Act to be taken out for the Sale of Beer, Ale, Cyder, or Perry, shall be taken out within Ten Days next after the.

Date of the said Licence or Authority of the Juiliccs of the Peace, Magistrates, or other competent Persons,

and such Excite Licence shall continue in force for Twelve Calendar Mouths next ensuing the Date of the Commencement thereof, any Thing in this Act to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall fell any Beer or Ale by Retail, or any Cyder j/; rrnres ft jj be or Perry, to be drank or consumed in his, her, or their Ploufe or Premises, after the Expiration of such his, »< , t.vni wimiu her, or their Excite Licence, unless such Person or Persons shall take out a fiefh Licence, for the said Purposes, in the Manner herein-before directed within Ten Days after the Expiration of such former Licence, and so in like Manner renew every such Licence from Year to Year; or if any Person or Persons shall fell any Beer or Ale by Retail, or any Cyder or Perry, to be drank or consumed in his, her, or their House or Premises, without firit taking out an Excise Licence, authorizing him, her, or them so to do, or without renewing the same as is herein in that Behalf directed, he, she, or they shall, for every such OHence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death of any Person so licerded, or upon the Removal of any Person or Persons so licensed from the entered House or Premises in which such his, her, or their Excise Licence shall authorize him, her, or them to fell Beer or Ale by Retail, or Cyder or Perry, to be drank or consumed in his, her, or their House or Premises, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland respectively for the Time being, or any one or more of them, and to and for the several Collectors and Supervisors of Excise in England and Scotland respectively, within their respective Collodions and DistiiHs, upon the Production of a Certificate of a Justice of the Peace or Magistrate or other competent Person, given alter the Death or Removal of the former Occupier of the House or Premises, approving of the Person or Persons to whom such Certificate shall be given, to authorize tfud empower such Person or Persons in like Manner to fell Beer and Ale by Retail, or Cyder and Perry to be drank and consumed in his, her, or their PLufe or Premises, in the fame House or Premises where such Person so Licensed by virtue of such Exciic Licence carried on such Trade, during the Residue of the Term for which such Licence was originally granted, without taking out a new Excise Licence during the Residue of the said Term: Provided always, that Persons* trading in Partnership, and in One House or Premises only, shall not be obliged to take out more than One Excise Licence to fell Beer and Ale by Retail, or Cyder and Perry, to be drank or consumed in his, her, or their House or Premises, in any One Year; and that 110 One Licence which shall be granted by virtue of this Act shall authorize or empower any Person or Persons to fell Beer or Ale by Retail, or Cyder or Perry, to be drank and consumed in his, her, or their House or Premises, in any other Ploufe or Premises, than the House or Premises in which he, she, or they shall fell or have fold Beer or Ale, or Cyder or Perry, at the Time of granting such Licence.

VII. Provided always* and be it further dialled, That neither His Majesty's Commissioners of Excise in England or Scotland respcFiively, nor any Persons who shall he appointed or employed by the said Commissioners in England, to grant Licences to Persons for selling Beer or /Vie by Retail, or Cyder or Perry, to be drank or consumed in the House or Premises of the Person or Persons applying for such Licence, nor any of the Collectors or Supervisors of Excise, shall grant or deliver any Licence to fell Beer or Ale by Retail, or Cyder or Perry, to be drank or consumed in the House or Premises of the Person or Persons applying for such Licence, or any Licence to sell Spirituous Liquors or ft rung Waters or Wine or Liquors by Retail to any Person or Persons who shall not produce a Licence or Authority granted to him, her, or them in due Form of Law, by Justices of the Peace or Magistrates, or other competent Persons, to such Person or Persons to keep a common Inn, Ale House, or Victualing House, and every such Licence or Authority shall be in the Form following; videlicet.

County of 1 < a General Meeting for the

\*holden at within the said on the

Dav of for the Purpose of authorizing and empowering Persons to keep common Inns, M^uiratet

Ale Houser, or Victualling Houses, We being His Majesty's Justices of the Allow*.

Licences fb.i! no* 11- j/rat.u <( exrrjx to IVrJ'on* j»)/emr: i l; v .Magillr.ites.

Form of

Saving for Regulation* as to Licences by MaqiWrites, in Corporations, &c.

Clerks to Justices raav take FYes as hcretolore.

Persons disabled from keeping Ale Houses by Conviction, shall thereby forfeit Licence under this ACT

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

31 G. 3. C. 51.

Penalty on Person« dealing Oysters or Oyster Brood from Oyster Beds, Felony, puttifhable by TransjJortaUon, Ike,

C. 143, 144. 48° GEORGII III. A.D. 1808.

Peace for the or Magistrates of [j/ the Case may be*] do hereby authorize and

empower, A.B. at the Sign of in the of

4 in the, aforesaid, to keep a common Inn, Ale House, or Victualling House, and to

' utter and fell in the House in which he now dwelleth, and in the Premises thereunto belonging, and not elsewhere, Victuals, and all such Exciseable Liquors as he shall be licensed and empowered to fell under the Authority and Permission of any Excise Licence which shall be duly granted by the Commissioners of Excise, or Perform to be appointed or employed by them for that Purpose, or by any Collector and Supervisor of Excise f respectively, provided that the true Assize in Bread, in Beer, Ale, Cycler, and all other Liquors, be duly kept, and that no unlawful Game or Games, or any Drunkenness or other Disorder, be suffered in his House, Yard, Garden, or Premises, but that good Order and Rule be maintained and kept therein, according to the

Laws of this Realm in that Behalf made: The Authority and Power hereby granted to continue in force for

One whole Year from the Day of and no longer. Signed.*

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend or be construed to extend to repeal or alter or in any Manner to affect any Law or Laws or any Provision in any Charter or Charters or any Privilege of any City or Town Corporate or of any University now in force, or lawfully used or exercised, in relation to the granting of Licences by any Justices, Magistrates, or other Persons authorized by Law to grant Licences for Persons keeping common Inns, Ale Houses or Victualling Houses; or in relation to the taking of any Recognizances upon granting of any such Licences, or requiring or doing any other Act, Matter, or Thing relating to any such Licences: Save and except as to the Payment of Duties and Form of Licence as aforesaid, or to repeal or alter any Act or Acts of Parliament as to the Sale of Table Beer at a Price not exceeding Three Halfpence per Quart.

" Licences granted before October 10, 1808, shall continue in full Force for the Term for which granted. §9.*

X. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to diminish or alter any Fees heretofore lawfully taken and received by any Clerks of any Justices or Magistrates$ but it shall be lawful to continue to demand and take such and the like Fees, and no other or different Fees, for Licences to keep any common Inn, Ale House, or Victualling House, as have heretofore been taken by such Clerks iu that Behalf.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every Person having any Licence to keep a common Inn. Ale House, or Victualling House, who shall be disabled by any Conviction from keeping a common Inn, Ale House, or Victualling House, shall also by such Conviction be disabled from felling any Beer or Ale by Retail, or Cyder or Perry, to be drank or consumed in his, her, or their House or Premises, under any Excite Licence obtained for such Purposes; and every such Excise Licence shall from the Time of such Conviction be null and void to all Intents and Purposes; and in all Cases of Prosecution of any such Persons, whose Excise Licences shall have become null and void by such Conviction, a Certificate from the Clerk of the Peace, or Person acting as such, of any such Conviction, shall be legal Evidence; which Certificate such Clerk of the Peace, or other Person, is hereby authorized and required to grant on demand, without Fee or Reward.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by such Ways, Means, or Methods as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at lVeflm\njler % or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover, or fuc for the same.

Powers of former Excise Acts extended to this Act. §13. Duties shall be carried to Consolidated Fund 4i of Great Britain, §14."

CAP. CXLIV.

An Act for the more effectual Protection of Oyster Fisheries and the Brood of Oysters in England.

[2d July j8©8.]

WHEREAS an Act of Parliament passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for better proUtting the several Oysler Fisheries within this Kingdom: And whereas the Provisions of the Laid Act have been found inadequate to the Protection of the Oyster Fisheries of this Kingdom: And whereas Doubts have arisen, since the passing of the said Act, whether the taking Oysters*or Oyster Brood from any Oyster Bed or Laying, or from any Oyster Fishery, can under any Circumstances*be deemed Felony, and punishable as such: And it is therefore expedient and necessary that more effectual Provision should be made for the Protection of the Oyster Fisheries, and for removing such Doubts as afore- laid: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be declared and enacted; and be it declared and enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Person who shall at any Time after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eight, knowingly and wilfully steal, take, and carry away any Oysters or Oyster Brood from any Oyster Bed, or Oyster Laying, or Oyster Fiftiery, being the Property of any Person or Persons or Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, and sufficiently marked out as such, shall be deemed guilty of Fe'o iy, and shall and may be transported for any Term not exceeding Seven Years, or be imprisoned and kept to hard Labour in any Common Gaol or House of Correction, or Penitentiary House, or imprisoned only for any Term, not exceeding Three Years, as the Court before whom any such Person shall be convicted may adjudge.

7 r\r\Cs\(> Provided

II. Provided always, and be it farther enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be

fconftrued to extend to subject or make liable any Person or Persons to the Penalties of this Act who shall take or carry away any Oyller or Oyster Brood from any Oyster Bed, Oyster Laying, or Oyster Fishery, v-herein fntii Person or Persons shall have or claim to have a Right to take and carry away such Ovfters, or Oyller Brood.

III. ' And whereas Doubts may arise in what Parish or County any Oyster Beds, Layings, or Fisheries are situated, and on that Account Difficulties may occur in bringing Offenders to Justice be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be sufficient in any Indictment under this Act, or under the said recited Act of the Thirty-first Year aforesaid, to describe, either by Name or otherwise, the Bed, Laying, or Fishery in which the Offence shall have been committed, without Rating the same to be in any particular Parish; and where the Offence is*committed on the Border of any County, so as to make it difficult to ascertain the County, such Offence may be dated to have been committed in the County in which the Indictment shall be preferred, being either the County in which the Offence was committed, or the adjoining County.

IV. 4 And whereas it is doubtful whether Justices of the Peace for Towns Corporate, Boroughs, or other*Places, and not being Counties of themselves, and having speciul or exclusive Juvifdictions, can act by virtue of the Statute of the Thirty-first Year aforesaid be it therefore enacted and declared, That it shall be lawful for such Justices to act in all Cases atifing within their respective Jurisdictions in like Manner as any Justice of the Peace for any County, Riding, or Division may act for such County, Riding, or Division, in the Execution of the said Act, or of any Law for protecting the Oyster Fisheries, and Broods of Oyftcra.

V. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal any of the Provisions of the said Act of the Thirty-first Year aforesaid, except so far as the fame respect the Healing and taking of Oysters from any Oyster Bed, Laying, or Fishery.

Proviso for Persons claiming

Parish nfrj not he named in I ruUA merits, and Otfence may be laid in the County vrhrre Indictment is preterred.

Justices for To*ns, SlC. may a-'ft at Justicfi lor Countie*.

Provisions of 31 (j. 3. c. SI. not repe.ib-d by ihia Act.

CAP. CXLV.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to grant Annuities to the Judges of the Courts of Session, Judiciary, and Exchequer in Scotland, upon the Resignation of their Offices.

[2d July 1808 ]

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, 09 G. 3. c. nd. An Act for the Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges in the Courts in Westminster Hall, anti also of the Lords of Session, Lords Com*11ijfioners of Justiciary, and Barons of Exchequer, in Scotland, and for enabling

His MdjcJly to grant Annuities to Persons in certain Offices in the said Courts of Welt minder Hall, on tire

Hfigaatiun of their respective Offices, it is enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs §7.

and Successors, to give and grant unto any Person who may have executed the Office of Chief Justice of the

Court of King's Bench, or shall have executed the Office of the Mailer of the Rolls, Chief Justice of the-

Common Pleas, or Chief Baron of the Exchequer, or of Pu: fnc Judge of the Court of King's Bench or

Common Pleas, or of Baron of the Coif of the Court of Exchequer respectively, certain Annuities therein mentioned, upon the Resignation of their several Offices: And whereas by the said in part recited Act, puffed § s.

4 in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, it is further enacted, that the Successor of every such Pevfon so dying or resigning should be entitled to have and receive from all Persons whatsoever,

such Salaries and Profits as should at ife and become due from the Death or Resignation of his Predecessor, in like Mzniier as if his Patent had borne Date the Day next subsequent to the Day of the Death or Resignation of his Predecessor: And whereas it is reasonable and expedient that Annuities should in like Manner be granted to the Judges of the Courts of Session and Judiciary, and to the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland,

upon the Resignation of their respective Offices; and also that the Siicccffor of every such Judge rtiouid in

like Manner be entitled to have and receive such Salaries and Profits as may arise and become due from the

Death or Resignation of his Predecessor: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; '

and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

kmc, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by His jVHjHty's Sign Hr* M.vrfty m*y

Ma. ual, to give and grant unto any Pevfon who shall have executed the Office of Lord President of the said s>nnr Aunu.ne*

Court of Session, or of the Lord Justice Clerk, or of the Chiet Baron of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, j°ru^of'ihc*

or of any Judge or Lord of Session, or of any Lord Commissioner of Judiciary, or of a Baron of the said Court of Exchequer, as well before as after the puffing of this A<St, and who shall have respectively religned any such ami

Office, an Annuity or yearly Sum of Money, not exceeding Three-fourth Parts of the Salary appertaining to Exchequer iu

each such Cilice at the Period of the Resignation thereof; and every Inch Annuity or yearly Sum of Money SeMtUmh on

fh J1 commence from and after the Period when the Pevfon to whom any such Annuity or yearly Sum of Money 1 ^i-p,

shall be granted as aforesaid shall have resigned his Office, and to continue from thenceforth for and during the ti,

natural Life of the Person to whom the same shall be granted as aforesaid; and ever)' such Annuity or yearly tlwjr SJary.

Sum of Money Avail be paid out of the Monies that shall ariie from any of the Duties and Revenues in Scotland, which by Acts made in the Seventh and Tenth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Anne, were charged or made chargeable with the Fees, Salaries, and other Charges allowed or to be allowed by Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, for keeping up the Courts of Session, Judiciary, and Exchequer in Scotland; and every Leli Annuity or yearly Sum of Money shall be paid and payable, free of all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever,

(Property Tax excepted, ) at such and the fame Times and in such and the same Manner as the Salaiics of the on

Judges of the said Courts of Session, Judiciary, and Exchequer, are now paid and payable: provided always, ^U'u\i Annui«>» that no such Annuity or yearly Sum of Money, granted to any Person having executed the Office of Lord shall l>c granted, President of the Court of Session, LonJ Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer, Lord Justice Clerk, Judge Fifteen Near* or Lord of Session, .Lord Commissioner of the Court of Judiciary, or Baron of the Court of Exchequer Sorv, r0> or 4» Geo. III., .F

5^2

uccessors of Judges, &c. shall receive their Salari< s from the Death, &c. of the Predecessor.

26 G. c. 46.

46 G. 3. c. 154.

Tiuf^ees ^pointed for thr Purposes of the Act.

C. 145, 146. 48° GEORGII III. A.D. 1808.

respectively, shall be valid, unless such Lord PreGdent, Lord Chief Baron, Lord Justice Clerk, Judge or Lord of Session, Lord Commissioner of the Court of Judiciary, or Baron of Exchequer respectively, shall have continued in one or more of the said Offices for the Period of Fifteen Years, or {Hall be afflicted with some permanent Infirmity, disabling him from the due Execution of his Office, which shall be distinctly recited in the said Grant.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Successor of every Person who shall have executed the Office of Lord PreGdent of the said Court of Session, or of the Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer, in Scotland, or of the said Lord Justice Clerk, or of a Judge or Lord of Session, or of a Lord Commissioner of the said Court of Judiciary, or of a Baron of the said Court of Exchequer, shall be entitled to have and receive, and there shall be issued and paid to such Successor, out of the Monies arising from any of the Duties and Revenues charged or made chargeable with keeping up the Courts of Session, Judiciary, and Exchequer, in Scotland as aforesaid, such Salary as shall have arilen and shall have become due from the Death or RcGgnation of his Prcdecester, in like Manner as if his Letter Patent or commission had borne Date the Day next subsequent to the Day of the Death or Resignation of his Predecessor.

CAP. CXLVI.

An Act for vesting the Stock of the Court of Session in Scotland in Trustees, for the erecting Buildings for the better Accommodation of the College of Justice, and a Publick Gaol, in the City of Edinburgh) and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

[2d July 1808.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Twenty-Gxth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

jin jitt for augmenting andfixing the Salaries of the Lords of Session, Lords Commissioners of Juficiary,

and Barons of Exchequer, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, a certain Fund, called, The Stock of 1 the Court, which was raised by Grants before the Union of the Kingdoms of England and Scotland, and

amounted at the Period of the parting of the said Act to Twenty-two thousand seven hundred Pounds, together

with the Sum of One thousand one hundred thirty-five Pounds, being One Year's Interest thereon, was

directed to be paid in to the then Receiver General of His Majesty's Land Rents in Scotland, in order to be

by him remitted to the Exchequer of England: And whereas the said Sums of Money were accordingly paid

to the said Receiver General, who died before accounting for the same to the Publick, and which Sums so 1 unaccounted for by the said Receiver General, did, on the Twenty-first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and two, amount to the Sum of Twenty-seven thousand seven hundred f»xty-Gx Pounds Four Shillings and Eight-pence, including Intereil to that Date, which has been or is in course of being recovered from the

Representative of the said Receiver General, and have been, so far as recovered, lodged with Banks or Bankers

in Scotland: And whereas by another Act, passed in the Forty-rtxth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled, An Act for taking down the present Building in which the Treasury Chambers and Offices of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland were situated, and creBing new Buildings in lieu thereof certain Sums of Money

therein mentioned, arising from certain forfeited Estates in Scotland, were directed to be paid to the King's 4 Remembrancer in Exchequer in Scotland, or to his Deputy, to be by them applied with all convenient Speed

towards erecting and completing the said new Buildings, according to such Instructions as should fresh Tims

to Time be given by the Chief Baron and Barons of the said Court of Exchequer: And whereas additional Accommodation is required for carrying on the BuGness of the Courts of Session and Justiciary in Scotland, and for the Use and Convenience of the Judges, and of the Clerks and Officers thereof, and the Buildings necessary

and proper for this Purpose may be erected so as to be connected with the Buildings now used for the Courts of

Session and Judiciary, and with the Buildings now erecting for the said Court of Exchequer, and also in such Manner as to give further Accommodation to the Library of the Faculty of Advocates, which has always been deposited in those Edifices, being of the greatest Service to the Courts of Justice, and accordingly encouraged by Parliament: And whereas the present Prison or Gaol in the City o$ Edinburgh has been employed, not only for confining Debtors and for the local Service of the City of Edinburgh and County of Edinburgh) but as a 4 National Gaol for confining Persons accused of Crimes, who are brought from all Parts of Scotland for the Purpose of being tried before the Lords of Judiciary, and Criminals who have been convicted before them and suffer Imprisonment for the Purpose of their Sentence, and the fame is not only too small, incommodious, and unfit it able for a Prison for such Purposes, but is also decayed and not sufficiently secure: And whereas it is therefore necessary that a new Gael should be erected for the Purposes of a National Gaol as aforesaid, which may be combined with the Gaol for the City of Edinburgh and County of Edinburgh, and towards the Expence of which the said City and County may and ought to contribute: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Lord Clerk Register of Scotland, the Lord PreGdent of the Court of Session, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, the Lord Justice Clerk, the Lord Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, the Lord Provost of the City of Edinburgh, the Dean of the Faculty of Advocates, the Solicitor General of Scotland, and the Members of Parliament for the City and for the County of Edinburgh, all for the Time being, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for the Purposes of this Act, and any Three or more of the said Trustees shall be sufficient for doing any Matter or Tiling which the said Trustees are authorized to do by this Act.

Said 27, 766l. 4s. 8shall be paid to the King's Remembrancer in Exchequer for the Purposes of this Act under Order of the Trustees. $ 2. Money shall be forthwith paid by Remembrancer into the Bank of Scotland or Royal Bank, and be accumulated, until applied to the Purposes of this Act. §3. Money lo deposited

48° GEORGII III.

C. 146 — 148.

4< shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act, from Time to Time, under Order of the Trustees. §4. 4* Additional Buildings for the Court of Session to be erected, under Direction of said Trustees. $ 5. After-" wards Trustees may agree with the Magistrates of Edinburgh for erecting a Gaol. §6. And apply Money* then m Hand to that Purpose. §7. Bodies Politick, &c. may be admitted to join with Trustees for the 41 Purposes of erecting Offices or Halls, or Places of Meeting, adjoining to the Courts, &c. §8. Trustees " empowered to purchase, and incapacitated Persons to convey, for the Purposes of this Act. §9. But none " shall be compelled to fell. §10."

CAP. CXLVII.

An Act to permit the Sale of the DaniJJj Prize Ship Conjiatitia Maria % and her Cargo, in the Port of Fowey % in the County of Cornwall. [ad July 1808.]

c< The Ship and Cargo allowed to be sold at Fowey, notwithstanding the Provisions in 43 G. 3. c. 134. §4 — 14 Paying the Duties due to the East India Dock Company under the Acts 43 G. 3. cap. cxxvi. and 46 G. 3. 44 cap. cxiii. as if the Ship had been brought into the 'East India Docks."

CAP. CXLVIII. '

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight) and for funher appropriating the Supplies granted in this Selhoii " [2d July 1808.]

43 <?. 3-

- c,

- c.

44 G. 3. c.

45 G. 3*Cm

46 G. 3. r. — — — c.

70.

8i#

1X2.

53-5* 39-42*

- c. 65. 47 G. 3.77.1.^27. 48 G. 3. c. 26.

of Parliament,

§ I. £ 3, 500, 000 Out of Surplus of British Consolidated Fund. '

II. 20, 000, 000 From the following Duties, viz.

Additional Customs under Additional Excise Duties on Property Additional Cufcoms Additional Duties on Property Additional Excise Tobacco, See.

Additional Customs Additional Duties on Property Additional Excise on Brandy Customs

III. 5 , 000, 000 Part of the Sum of £, 19, 800, 000

granted by - 47 G. 3.Jl. 2. c. 76.

IV. 726, 8709Surplus of Consolidated Fund on 5th April 1808.

V. 2, 253, 111 7 51 Surplus of Grants for 1807.

VI. The following Sums, viz.

Produce of Malt and Pension Act, not exceeding

Granted to make good the Supply for Service of Great Britain for 1808.

3.000. 000

3.000. 000 500, 000

10.500.000

3.000. 000 1, 500, 000

10.500.000

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

48 G. 3. c. ----- c.

2.

3-

4-7-

53-

54-

advanced by the Bank

Unclaimed Dividends - e.

Exchequer Bills - c.

Ditto ... c.

Ditto - - f.

Loan (after deducting 2, 500, 000l. remitted to Ireland, - — c. 76.

Lotteries, (deducting One-third for Ireland, ) — r. 139.

6.000. 000 o o Exchequer Bills — c. 114.

20, 000, 000 o o out of War Taxes (granted above

See § II.)

5.000. 000 o o (granted above, $ III.)

726, 8709(granted above, §IV.)

2, 253, 111 7 54 Surplus of Grants (See $ IV.)

3.500.000 o o out of Consolidated Fund (See $ I.)

VII. The following Sums, viz.

1.250.000 o o (I.C.)Treasury Bills"| coming f 48 G. 3. c. 103.

2.500.000 o o (Loan) - I into Irish ( - c. 76.

750, 000 O O (I. C.) Loan - f Exchequer^ ----- --c. 83.

Share of Lotteries J under the J r. 139.

Appropriated fco the Uses after expressed.

See^8, &c.

500, 000 o o (Treasury Bills)

Acts.

12.

Appropriated to the Uses after expressed.

See §23, &<5.

4r*

Go\5§k

4 C. 148.

48d GEORGII III..

A.D. 1808.

VIII. Application)

£. 18, 317, 547 19 JO

'I

for the Navy Services following, viz. '

3>i 26^500 o o for Wages of 130, 000 Men,

including 31, 400 Marines I at* per 3>2ir, oooo o o their Vi&ualiing -.[ Man

5, 070, 000 o o Wear and Tear of Ships I per

591 >500 © 3 Ordnance for Sea Service)Month.

1, 142, 959 19 10 Ordinary of the Navy including Half-pay, 2>35I>I^8 o o Building, rebuilding, and repairing Ships-War extra.

d.

f 1 17 o)li 18 o /

o of

(0 7 o )

-pay* T

Ships- erf. i

For 13Months*.

IX.

X.

XI.

XII,

XIII.

i>757>500 o o 281, 400 o o 5°5>5oo o o 50, 000 o o 230, 000 o o 2, 200, 000 o o

S?ck and W^un^ed Seamen at Home and Abroad, f For the Year l8°*

d.

500.000 o 1, 100, 000 o.

300.000 o

x9>439»l89 6 7*277, 980 o

Aids or Supplies aforesaid.

25, 281 12 9

3, 082, 870 17 10 43;404 7 9

32, 991 4 5

197, 602 13 6

226, 0171$ 3.

10, 464 13 8

434, 410 8 9

46, 495 10. 6

i, 293>487 Q o 866, 558 7 o

8, 852 5 3

118, 676 8 9

13, 500 o o

442, 262 13 5

19°>253 7 4

From 25th Z)ff. 1807* to 24th Zkc. 1808-

XIV.

XV.

XVI.

579, c86 o 26, 814 4

625.000 o

147»I79 15 2, 850, 000 o

500.000 o 2, 901, 890 10

Prisoners of War in Health atHome and Abroad.

Ditto Sick.

Ordnance for Sea Service.

For the Service of Great Britain?*1 to enable His 1 - t r , e.

Majesty to take such Measures as the Exi- ( Out of all or any of th*

gencies of Affairs may requirj." (

For the Service of Ireland for like Purpose. - J Advanced to the King of Sweden.

Advanced to the King of Sicily. for the JLand Services following, viz. for Land Forces at Horn(? and Abroad (except in the Bajl Indies and Foreign Corps.) far Five Troops of Dragoons and Thirteen Companies of Foot for recruiting the Regiments serving in India.

for the embodied Militia and Fencible Infantry in Great Britain and Ireland. for General and Staff Officers and Hospital Officers in Great Britain and Ireland.

Supernumerary Officers of the Forces.

Principal Officers of publick Departments in Great Britain and Ireland\ and Exchequer Fees, j on account of Half-pay to reduced Officers of Land Forces including British American Forces, &c. for Military Allowances to ditto.

CheJ/ea and Kilmainham In and Out Pensioners, and Expences of the Hospital.

Widows' Pensions in Great Britain and Irc- land.

Volunteer Corps in Great Britain and Ireland.

Foreign Corps in His Majesty's Service.

Allowances to Chaplains, of Forces.

Medicines and Hospital Contingencies, on account of Land Officers' Children and Widows not entitled to Pentions.

Barrack Department in Ireland. - x? r>

for the Commissariat and Extra Forage of > 2\*ec' 1Q°^9

the Cavalry in Inland. - - to 24th Dtt. 1808.

Barrack Department.in Great Britain. J N

Probable Expenditure of Commissary General's { p, of the Year 18 8 Office. - - i

Probable extraordinary Expenditure ditto., J

Extraordinary Expences of the Army.

Extraordinary Services of the Army in Great 1

For the Year i8o8i

'I From 25th Dee. 1807, / to 24th Dec. 1808.

For the Year 1808.

}From 25th Dec. 18071 to 24th Dec. 1808.

For the Year 1808.

256, 949 12 o 432, 748 15 11 121, 482 13 1

10, 500, 000 Q O

5, 000, 000 © 0

Britain Ditto in Ireland.

For Ordnance Office for Laud Service Great Britain.

Ditto not provided for -

for Ordnance Office in Ireland Ditto not provided for

To discharge out>llanding Exchequer Bills under 47 G. 7>.Jl. i.c 2.

Ditto issued for the Service of 1807.

-^For the Year 1808.

so[ j For the Year 1808.

- In 1807.

- For the Year 1808. In 1807.

5 XVII.

48° GEORGII III.

C. 148.

\ XYIL fff.3, 000, 000 0 0 To discharge Exchequer Bills issued for the Service of 1807, under 47 G. 3.

St. 2. c. 6.

Ditto under 47 G. 3. St. c. 7.

Ditto c. 73.

XVIII.

XIX.

XX.

XXL

r, 500, 000 4, 024, 200 27, 288

3

o

n

To make good Money ilTuedby Addresses of the House of Commons.

XXII.

1, 030 0 0

3, 700 0 0

1, 985 0 0

2, 060 0 0

3, 100 0 0

10, 105 0 0

5, 500 0 0

8, 430 0 0

23, 0^0 0 0

21, 525 17 4

19, 90893

73>587 2 1

80, 109 16 8

5, 000 0 0

I 2>OCO 0 0

7.548 0 0

4, 696 0 0

144>44j7 1

2»337 5 7

400, 000 0 0

1, 299 4 0

6*345 16 0

*9 12 0

3>5°° 0 .0,

348 11 0

5>597 6 0

219 H 0

55« «3 0

547 8 0

1, 623 0 0

2, 698 0 0

12796

1, 560 l6 0

66190

82 11 6

3444 7

2>i7 5 3 0

434 17 0

166 17 6

L325 5 6

3, 236 10 0

1, 085 4 0

5>l34 4 u

6, 702 18 2v

2, 311 12 IO

3C618 O

762 10 O

63.393 6 O

48, 250 0 0

2.'34 4 5

31, 500 0 0

J.016 6 1

4»459 H 3

> From 1st Jan. to 31IL f Die. 1808.

j* For the Year 1808.

10th October 1808.

For the Year 1808.

Civil Establishments, viz,

16, 310 o o Sierra Leone.

13, 583 4 2J New South Wales*

600 O O Dominica.

Bermudas Islands.

Bahama Islands.

Newfoundland.

Cape Breton.

Prince Edward Island.

Nova Scotia.

Bmnswick.

Upper Canada.

For British Forts on Coasts of Africa.

Royal Military College.

Royal Military Asylum, Chelsea.

Discharging 5 per Cent. Annuities, under 37 (7. 3 r, IO.

Ditto, under 42 G. 3. r. 8.

Fees on pafitng publick Accounts.

Publick Office Bowstreet. Superintendance of Aliens.

Deficiency for pruning Votes, Bills, See. House of Commons in 1807.

Deficiency of Grant for ditto for the Year 1807.

Interest on Exchequer Bills paid off in 1808.

Thames Police Office for Plan of Security for Shipping*

Horse Patiole round the Metropolis, to 10th October 1807.

Mathematical Instruments for New South Wales.

Repairs, See. at the Audit Office in the Adelphi.

For Services in inveiligating Debts of the Prince of Wales.

Bounty on British American Fish imported into West India Islands. Deputy Serjeant at Arms to House of Commons for House to Mid- - summer 1807.

For Trouble relating to the Act for enforcing the Residence of Clergy* For Index to Journals of the Peers.

Serjeant at Arms to the House of Lords for Services during 1807. Chairman of Committees of House of Lords for the Year 1^07.

Extra Expences respecting the Non-rclidence of Clergy.

Expences of Commissioners of Military Inquiry', under 45 G. 3. c. 47.

5 Removal of Monuments in Westminster Abbey.

' 1 Reimbursements of Fees on American Loyalill Grant.

Stationary for New South Wales.

Bills drawn from New South Wales for the Year 1808.

Publishing Average Price of Brown Sugar.

For Fish imported into St. Vincent's from Newfoundland. Printing Tables of Plan of Finance in 1807.

For promoting Discoveries in the Interior of Africa. - Ditto.

Salary to Comnv'flioner for the Affairs of Trinidad from the 22d Day of - July 1806 to tile 14th Day of February 1808.

I Arreai^S of Salary as First Commissioner for ditto*

Arrears of Salary' to Surveyor General of 'Trinidad from 31st January 1806 to 15th Augf]} 1807.

For Attendance of funury Officers of the House of Commors on.publick Committees.

J Gounfel to Chairman of House of Lords for 1807;

For the Royal Military Canal.

Convictsat Home.

For Stationary for Exchequer.

zs

o

-X3

o

c

fco

o

E

o

1

For the Year 1808.

For Deficiency of Grant for ditto, for the Year 1807.

For Printing by Order of Commissioners of publick Records.

588

iitvI exerpt'Portions of Lrgacv Duties,

Now Duties grAnwU, as fjM oifiC'i in the Schtvluic an«r.\e<l, from Joth OcTt. Ib08.

The new Duties fhcil) be utuler (he Managment of the (Jonnnissioners oJ Siam; s, who shall pnn ivle proper Slumps,

&.C.

The C'omrnif-

sioners may use old Siting. to denote new Duties — and two or mere Stamps -to denote one Duty.

Certain Stamps appropriated to pa ft u t '; : r li'iiru-mctits only.

Forging of Stamps, iSic. Felt my, without eicr.7.

Provisions

reipecon:;

Agreements.

C. 149. 48= GEORGII III. A.D. 18dS.

payable before or upon the said Tenth Day of October, and remain in arrear or unpaid after that Dav; and also save and except so much and such Parts as shall remain to be paid of any Duties in respect of Legacies, given by way of Annuity, or so that the Value thereof cannot be ascertained at once, where Part of such Duties I hull have been paid or have become payable before or upon the said Tenth Day of October; all which Duties so in arrear, or remaining- to be paid as aforesaid, shall be recoverable by the fame Way6 and Means, and with such and the same Penalties, and in such mid the same Manner, in all Respects, as if this Act had not been made, except so far as any Provision is hereby made to the contrary.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and eight, there Hull be raised, levied, and paid, unto and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and §uo cessors, in and throughout the whole of Great Britain, for and in respect of the several L.struments, Matters, and 'filings mentioned a.'.d described in the Schedule hereunto annexed (except those Handing under the Head of Exemptions), or for and in respect of the Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, upon which such Instruments, Matters, or Things shall be written or printed, the several Duties or Sums of Pvloney letdown in Figures against the fame respectiwly, or othervviie specified and let forth, in the fame Schedule; and that all the Provisions, Regulations, and Din dtioas therein contained, with relpedl to the said Duties, and the lullruments, Matters, and Things charged therewith, shall be deemed and taken to be Part of this A cl, and shall be observed and enforced accordingly; and that such and the like Discounts or Allowances shall be made or allowed, in respect of the Duties hereby granted, as are now authorized by Law to be made or allowed, in relpedl of the Duties hereby repealed, as far as the same shall be applicable.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Duties hereby granted shall be under the Care and Management of the Commissioners for the Time being, appointed and authorized by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, to manage the Duties, on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; which said Con.mifiloners, and the major Part of them, are hereby empowered and required to provide proper and sufficient Stamps or Dies, for expressing and denoting the several Dntic? hereby granted, upon the Vellum, Parchment, or Paper chargeable therewith; and to alter and renew the fame from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require* and also to employ such Officers and Persons under them, and to do all such other Acts and Things as shall be thought necessary or expedient, for effectually raising and collecting the Duties hereby granted, and for putting this Act into execution, in the like and in as full and ample Manner, as they or any former Commissioners are or have been authorized to do, for the raising and collecting of any former Stamp Duties, or for putting into execution any Act or Acts of Parliament relating thereto,

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to use any of the Stamps or D ies heretofore provided to denote any former Stamp Duties, for the Purpose of expressi-ag and denoting any of the Duties hereby granted of the fame Amount; and also to use Two or more Stamps, for denoting the Amount of any one Duty hereby granted, as Occasion may require, until a single Stamp shall be provided fo$ that Purpose; and that all Inllr.uments which have been or shall be stamped with Two or more Stamps, for denoting the Amount of any Angle Duty charged or ^chargeable thereon, shall be as valid as if the fame hud been stamped with a Angle Stamp for denoting such Duty; but no Stamp, appropriated to denote the Duty charged on any particular Instrument, and bearing the Name-of such Irftrnment on the Face thereof, shall be used for denoting any other Duty of the fame Amount, or, if so used, the fame Hull be of no Avail.

ft Paper, &c. stamped with the former Duties, may be used for Instruments, charged with new Duties of the " fame Amount, except where a speciliek Stamp is required. §5. Stamped Paper, &c. rendered useless by " this or any former Act, may he exchanged, or have additional Stamps, under this Act, within Twelve 46 Months from 10th October 1808. ( 6."

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall forge or counterfeit, or canfe or procure to be forged or counterfeited, any Stamp or Die which shall be provided, made, or used in purfuar.ee of this Act, or any Stamp or Die, which shall have been provided, made, or used, in pursuance of any former Act or Acts, relating to any Stamp Duty or Duties, or shall forge, counterfeit, or resemble, or caafe or procure to be forged, counterfeited, or resembled, the Impressum of any such Stamp or Die as aforesaid, upon any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, with Intent to defraud His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, of any of the Duties hereby granted; or if any Person or Persons shall utter, or fell, or expose to Sale, any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, having thereupon the ImprefFton of any such Forged or counterfeited Stamp or Die, or any such forged, counterfeited, or resembled Imprefilon as aforesaid, knowing the fame respectively to be forged, counterfeited, or resembled; or if any Person or Persons shall privately and secretly ute any Stamp or Die, by this or any former Act dire died or allowed to be used, for denoting any of the Duties granted by this or any former Act, with Intent to defraud His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, of any of the said Duties; then every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death, as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy. '

" Powers and Provisions of former .Acts shall be put in Execution with regard to the Duties under this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Provisions and Regulations of former Acts relating to Agreements shall be applied only to Inch Agreements as are hereby charged with a Duty of Sixteen Shillings; and that the Agreements hereby charged with a Duty of One Pound and Ten Shillings, shall be subject and liable to the fame Provisions and Regulations as Deeds hereby charged with a like Duty; and that all Agreements for granting L'al _*s or Tacks, which have been or shall be stamped with the Duty, for the Time being payable in respect of such Leafesor Tacks, shall be as valid as if the fame had been stamped with the proper Agreement Stamp; and that all other Agreements hereby charged with a Duty of Sixteen Shillings shall be valid, if ilamped with a Duty of One Pound Ten Shillings.

A.D. 1808.

48° GEORGII III.

C. 149. 589

X. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, where any Person shall have Second Articles become bound to serve as a Clerk, in order to his Admission as an Attorney or Solicitor in ai.y of His Majesty's Courts at JVrJtmiitJicr7 or in any of the Courts of the Great Scfiious in Wales, or of the Counties Palatine of Ch'jler, Lanctijler9 and Durham, or in any other Court of Record in EnghimU by Articles of Clerkship duly

stumped, according to the Laws in force at the Time of the Date and Execution thereof, and shall, after the

of ClnklViji to Aif*»nu«-s charged wi»U il. los. only.

passing of this Act, in consequence of the Death of his cxnedie.it to enter into new Articles of Clerkship, for a

Mailer, or from any other Cause, find it necesfnry or new Term of Years, for the fame Purpose, such new

hi

Pen dty on

P«. r.oMs civinaf

li II > or Note* tt t duly

50l.

Penally for ifiulw.t; BiiU or Drabs poit-datetl, or without

meir.ionmjr the

drawn, without Stamps, under colour of the Exemption of Bankers' (.'hecks, tool.

Penalty fot

paying

such Bills of Clerkship shall be chargeable only with a Duty of One Pound and Ten Shillings, and the Counterpart or Duplicate thereof with the like Duty; any Thing in this or any former Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall make, sign, or issue, or cause to be made, signed, or issued, or shall accept or pay, or cause or permit to be accepted or paid, any Bill of Exchange, Draft, or Order, or ProinifTory Note, for the Payment of Money, liable to any of the Duties impoftd by this Act, without the fame being duly damped for denoting the Duty hereby charged thereon, he, she, or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XII.*And, for the more effectually preventing of Frauds and Evasions of the Duties now payable, or

hereby granted, on Bills of Exchange, Drafts, or Orders for the Payment of Money, under colour of the

Exemption in Favour of Drafts or Orders upon Bankers, or Persons acting as Bankers, contained in the .4 Schedule (A.) annexed to the said Act of the Forty-fourth Year of His Maj.dy's Reign, or in the Schedule

hereunto annexed be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, after the Expiration of One Calendar Month from the pnfTing of this Act, make and issue, or cause to be made and issued, any Bill, Draft, or Order for the Payment of Money, to the Bearer on Demand, upon any Banker or Bankers, or any Person or Persons acting as a Banker or Bankers, which shall be dated on any Day subsequent to the Day on which it shall be issued, or which shall not truly specify and express the Place where it shall be issued, or which shall pj^e ivllrre not in every Respect fall within the said Exemption, unless the same shall be duly stamped as a Bill of Exchange, according to the Law in force when the same shall be issued, the Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and if any Person or Persons shall knowingly receive or take any such Bill, Draft, or Order, in Payment of or as a Security for the Sum therein mentioned, he,

(lie, or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if any Banker or Bankers, cr any Person or Persons acting as a Banker, upon whom any such Bill, Draft, or Order shall be drawn, shall

ay, or cause or permit to be paid, the Sum of Money therein expressed, or any Part thereof, knowing the lame to be pod-dated, or knowing that the Place where it was issued is not truly specified and set forth therein, or knowing that the fame does not, in any other Respect, fall within the said Exemption, then the Banker or or Drifts, Bankers, or Person or Persons, so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sume of One hundred°°b &c. Pounds, and moreover shall not be allowed the Money so paid, or any Part thereof, in account against the Person or Persons, by or for whom such Bill, Draft, or Order shall be drawn, or his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, or his, her, or their Assignees or Creditors, in .case of Bankruptcy or Insolvency, or any other Person or Persons claiming under him, her, or them.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred Prorriiffi.ry Nnres and eight, it shall be lawful for any Banker or Bankers or other Person or Persons, who shall have made and f«r al.*s. nr U-1*, issued any Pro mi (Tory Notes, for the Payment to the Bearer on demand of any Sum of Money not exceeding mw !»c^r«*-iiliud Two Pounds and I1 wo Shillings each, duly stamped according to the Directions of this Act, to re-issue the , M e'mie'* fame from Time to Time after Payment thereof, as often as he, she, or they shall think (it, without being

liable to pay any further Duty in respect thereof; and it shall also be lawful for any Banker or Bankers, or \0m-s aln>ve other Pei foil or Persons, who shall have made and issued any Pro mi (Tory Notes for the Payment to the Bearer e!. es. ami rot on demand, of any Sum of Money exceeding Two Pounds and Two Shillings, and not exceeding One exceeding tool, hundred Pounds each, duly stamped according to the Directions of this Act, from Time to Time after the mav t>('r( Payment thereof, and within the Term of Throe Years from the Date thereof, but not afterwards, to re-issue any such Promissory Notes, without being liable to pay any further Duty in respect thereof; and that nil Pro-nriTbry Notes, for the Payment to the Bearer on demand, of any Sum of Money not exceeding Two Pounds and Two Shillings each, which shall have been actually and bona fide issued and in Circulation before or upon the said Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and eight, duly stamped according to the said Act of the Forty-fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, and which shall be then re-issuable within the Intent and Meaning of that Ad, dial], if the same shall bear Date before or upon the Twenty-fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and six, continue to be re-issuable until the Expiration of Three Years from the Date thereof respectively, but not afterwards, in such and the same Manner as if this Act had not been made; and if Peru*!*, the lame shall bear Date after the said Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and lix, then the same shall continue to be re-issuable until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand -eight hundred and nine indufive, but not afterwards; and all Prumiffory Notes, for the Payment to the Bearer on demand of any Sum of Money exceeding Two Pounds and Two Shillings, which shall have been actually and bona fide issued and in Circulation before or upon the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and eight, duly damped according to the said Act of the Forty-fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, and which shall be then re-issuable within the Intent and Meaning of that Ad, shall continue re-issuable until the Expiration of Three Years from the Date thereof respectively, but not afterwards, in such and the same Manner as if this Act had not been made; and every such Promissory Note, hereby allowed to be re-issued, after the Payment thereof,

shall from Time to Time, after the re-issuing of the fame, be as good and valid, and as available in the Law, pPnajtv 0B to all Intents and Purposes, as it was upon the first iffutng, and before any Payment thereof; and if any Banker Antedating Or Bankers, or other Person or Persons, shall at any Time after the said Tenth Day of October, issue or cause re-itfuaWe.Votes, 48 Geo. III. 4 G to

llimd for llircc \ car* only.

Promissory No«<* rc-iii'uable under 4 i G.a. c. us. and in Circulation on 0<ft. I Ot I SOS, may Lc re-issued lor main limited

A.D. 180JL

59°

Promt (fury Notes, re-issuable for lltniic'.l Periods, shall be cancelled <>n Pavirxnt afterwards j and Notes, N<*. not re-iifoaUle, immediately on Pavraent.

Penally for unduly r<-iifu*ing Notes, or not ranceliin" the fame, aOh Nc.

2f>!. IV unity on taking Notts unduly rc-issued.

Rank of England Notes exempted from Duty, on Payment of a yearly C't unsold

39G. 3. C. 107.

Tlte Rank of Scotland, Royal JVrnkofhcooarwl,

and i>rit»fh I am n Company, tuav itfue Note-p lor One Pound, One Guinea, Two Pounds^ and Two (iuiiters, on i).<iftamj*e<i Paj>».r, accounting for I )uties «s utid T Regulitt ons of

jo (i. 3. c. 1 or.

5 9, &c.

]»a> ii)g '>oi. a? a licence Duty.

§ 17, 19.)

Ive-hTnalde Notes Ibdl not be ilfnrd !>y Rankers < r others, u dh-rut a Livence f*»r that Purpose, See §10,

19)

C. 149. 48' GEORGII III.

to be issued, for the first Time, any Promissory Note for the Payment of Money to the Bearer on demand, bearing Date before or upon that Day, he, she, or they, shall for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, all Promissory Notes, allowed to be re-iffned by the said Act of the Forty-fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, or by this Act, for the Term of Three Years from the Date thereof, but not afterwards, shall, upon the Payment thereof, at any Time after the Expiration of Three Years from the Date thereof, and all Promissory Notes hereby allowed to be re-issued until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine inclusive, but not afterwards, shall, upon the Payment thereof at any Time after the said Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, and all Promissory Notes, Bills of Exchange, Drafts, or Orders for Money, not allowed to be re-issued, shall, upon any Payment thereof, respectively be deemed and taken to be thereupon wholly discharged, vacated, and satisiicd, and shall be no longer negotiable or available in any Manner whatsoever, but shall be forthwith cancelled by the Person or Persons paying the fame; and if any Person or Persons shall re-nine or cause or permit to be re-issued any Promissory Note, so allowed to be re-issued as aforesaid, at any Time after the Expiration of the Term or Period allowed for that Purpose; or if any Person or Persons shall re-issue, or cause or permit to be rc-issued, any Promissory Note, Bill of Exchange, Draft, or Order for Money, not allowed to be re-iiTued, at any Time after the Payment thereof; or if any Person or Persons, paying or causing to be paid, any such Note, Bill, Draft, or Order as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to cancel' the fame, according to the Directions of this AcT; then and in either of those Cases the Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and in case of any such Note, Bill, Draft, or Order behig re-issued, contrary to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, the Person or Persons re-ilfuing the fame, or causing or permitting the same to be re-issued, flirtll also be answerable and accountable to^ H is Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for a further Duty, in respect of every such Note, Bill, Draft, or Order, of such and the fame Amount as would have been chargeable thereon, in case the fame had been then issued for the iiril Time, and so from Time to Time as often as the same shall be so re-issued; which further Duty shall and may be sued for and recovered accordingly as a Debt to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors; and if any Person or Persons shall receive or take any such Note, Bill, Draft, or Order, in Payment of or as a Security for the Sum therein expressed, knowing the same to be re-issued contrary to the Intent and> Meaning of this Act, he, she, or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XV. Provided always, and lx? it further enabled, That all Promissory, Notes and Bills whatsoever, which shall be issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, from and after the said Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and eight, shall be freed and exempted from all the Duties hereby granted; and that the said Governor and Company shall, in lieu of and as a Compenfution for the Duties, which would' otherwise have been payable for such their Notes and Bills, pay into the Hands of the Receiver General of the Stamp Duties for the Time being, the yearly Sum of Forty-two thousand Pounds, by Two equal Half-yearly Payments, to be made on or before the Fifth Day of Slpril and the Tenth Day of Ofloler, in every Year, and the Firil Payment tiiereof to be made on or before the Fifth Day of ylpril One thousand eight hundred and' nine; and it shall be lawful for the said Governor and Company to re-issue any of their Notes after Payment-tiiereof, as often as they shall think fit; Provided always, that the said Yearly Compensation shall be reduced by the Sum of Four thousand Pounds, when the said Governor and Company shall cease to issue Promissory Notes for less than Two Pounds, agreeably to the Provision of the Act of the Thirty-ninth Year of His Majesty's Reign, for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange and Promi(for)-Notes for small Sums of Money.

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That from and after the Tenth Day cf 0Holer One thousand eight hundred and eight, it shall be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland and the Royal Bank of Scotland and the British Linen Company in Scotland, reipeilively, to issue their Promissory Notes fertile Sums of One Pound, One Guinea, Two Pounds, and Two Guineas, payable to the Bearer on demand, on undamped Paper, in the Manner hitherto practised, with regard to Notes of One Pound and One Guinea, by the said Bank of Scotland and Royal Bank of Scotland, under the Authority of the said Act, passed in the Thiity-ninth Year of His Majesty's Reign, for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange and Promissory Notes for small Sums of Money; they the said Governor and Company of the ihnk of Sc /land and the Royal Bank of Scotland and the British Linen Company respectively, giving such and the like Security, and keeping and producing true Accounts of all the Notes so to be issued by them tefpedlively, and accounting for and paying the several Duties, payable in respect of such Notes, in such and the same Manner, in all Re (peels, as is and are prescribed and required by the said Act, with regard to the Notes for One Pound and One Guinea of the Bank of Scotland and the Royal Bank of Scotland, thereby allowed to be issued on undamped Paper; and also to re-issue such Promissory Notes respectively from Tn*ic to Time, after the Payment thereof, as often as they shall think lit: And for the said Licence and Privilege hereby granted, the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland, and the Royal Bank of Scotland, and the British Linen Company, respectively, shall, instead of taking out such Licence as herein after is mentioned, pay into the Hands of the Head Collector of the Stamp Duties at Edinburgh, the Yearly Sum of Twenty Pounds, on the Fifteenth Day of October in every Year, to be by him accounted for, and to be applied in the same Manner as the Duties on Licences to be taken out by Bankers as herein after is directed.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and eight, it shall not be lawful for any Banker or Bankers, or other Person or Persons, (except the Goveruor and Company of the Bank of England, the Bank of Scotland, the Royal Bank of Scotland, and the British Linen Company*) to illae any Promissory Notes for Money payable to the Bearer on demand, hereby charged with a Duty and allowed to be re-issued as aforesaid, without taking out a Licence yearly for that

2 T Purpose;

A.D. 1808.

48° GEORGII III.

C. 149. 591

Purpose; which Licence shall be granted by Two or more of the Commissioners of Stamps for the Time K.^u'aHoi

being, or by some Person deputed and authorized in that Behalf by the said Commissioners, or the major Part rei'peciing

of them, on Payment of the Duty charged thereon in the said Schedule hereunto annexed; and a separate Licence*,

and diilindt Licence shall be taken out, for or in respect of every Town or Place, where any such Promissory

Notes shall be issued, by, or by any Agent or Agents for or on account of any Banker or Bankers, or other Person or Persons; save only and except that one Licence Yearly shall be sufficient for all the Towns or Places

where any such Banker or Bankers, or other Person or Persons, shall have established a Branch of his

or their Bank, or have employed an Agent for the ifTning of such Promissory Notes as aforesaid, previously to

the passing of this Act, so that every such Town or Place shall be notified to the Stamp Office, and be specified

in the first Licence to be granted in pursuance of this Act, and that an Affidavit o; the Fa tt shall be t ran knitted

tOthe Stamp Office at the Time of applying for such Licence; and every such Licence shall speoify the proper

Name or Names, and Place or Places of Abode of the Person or Persons to whom the fame dull be granted,

and also the Name of the Town or Place, Towns or Places where, and the Name of the Bank, Finn or Title,

under which such Notes are to be issued; and where any such Licence shall be granted to Persons in Partnership,

the fame shall speoify and set forth ti e Names and Places of Abode of all the Persons concerned it: the Partnership, whether all their Names shall appear on the Promissory Notes to be issued by them or not; and in default thereof such Licence shall be absolutely void; and every such Licence, which fiuli be granted between the Tenth Day of Od der and the Eleventh Day of November, in any Year, shall be dated on the Eleventh Day of October; and every such Licence, which shall be granted at auv other Time, shall be dated on the Day on which the same shall be granted; and every such Licence ivspectively shall have effect and continue in force, from the Day of the Date thereof until the Tenth Day of October folio win g, both inch: live.

XV I11. And be it further enacted, That the Banker or Bankers, or other Pt-iion or Persons applying for -any Inch Licence as aforesaid, shall produce and leave with the proper Officer, a Specimen of the Pronuifory Notes proposed to be issued by him, her, or them, to the intent that the Licence may be framed accordingly; and it any Banker or Bankers, or other Person or Persons (except as aforesaid) shall ffne> or cause to be issued by any Agent, any Promissory Note for Money, payable to the Bearer on demand, hereby charged with a Duty, and allowed to be re-issued as aforesaid, without being been fed so to do in the Manner aforesaid, or at any other Town or Place, or under any other Firm or Title, than shall be specified in his, her, or their Licence, the Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Exception hereinbefore contained, in favour of the Governor a id Company of the Bank of Scotland, the Royal Bank of Scotland, and the British Li.ien Company, shall only extend to exempt them from taking out Inch Licence as aforesaid, in resp et of the: r

several present ERablishments and Branches, that is to say, those of the Bmk of Scotland, at Ea

ib'-'.t

Glasgow, Peri/ij Aberdeen, Dumfries, Cupar, St, Andrew's, Kirin1 dy, Dunfermline, Ktlfo, Invttness, Ayr, Stirling, Banff, 1 aiti, Dundee, Montrof, Haddington, Greenock, Wigton, and Kircudbright', those of 1 lie Royal Bank ol Scotland at Edinburgh and Glafow; and those of the British Linen Company at Edinburgh, Leith, Cupar, Dunfermline, Morttrofe, hive meg's, Forres, Elgin, Gl fgow, Dumfries, Hawick, J.tlburgj,

Newton Stewart, and Perth; but that if any of tin in shall, after the passing of this

i-nt for the Billing of such Promissory Notes obliged to take out such

Dunfc, Du:

A el, eibiblish or set up a Branch of their Bank, or employ an A as aforesaid, at any other Town or Place ivliatsoever, they shall be liable and be Licence as aforesaid, for or in respect of every such other Town or Place, in such and the bme Manner as other Bankers are required to do, and, in default thereof, shall be subject to such and the fame Penalty or Penalties, as any other Banker or Bankers, for issuing any such Promissory Note or Notes as aforesaid, at a jv such other Town or Place, without having obtained a Licence for that Purpose.

XX. And be it further e.iacted, That where any such Licence as aforesaid shall be granted to any Persons in Partuer/liip, the same shall continue in Force for the issuing of Promissory Notes, under the Firm or Title therein specified, until the Tenth Day of October iuelulive, following the Date thereof, notwithstanding any Alteration in the Partnership.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, Promissory Notes far the Payment of Money, made out of Great Britain, or purporting to be made hA of Great Britan!, or purporting Jobe made by or on the Behalf of any Person or Persons resident out ot Great Bri: lin, dull not be negotiable, or be negotiated, or circulated, or paid, in Great Britain, whether the fame shall be made payable in Great Britain or not, unless the same shall have paid such Duty, and be Ramped in such Manner as the Law requires for Promissory Notes of the like Tenor and Value made in Great Britain; and if any Person or Persons dull circulate or negotiate, or offer in Payment, or shall receive or take in Payment, any such Promissory Note, or shall demand or receive Payment of the Whole or any Part of the Money, -mentioned in such Promissory Note, from or on account of the Drawer thereof, in Great Britain, the lame not being duly damped as afwelnd; or if any Person or Persons in Great Britain shall pay, or cause to be paid, the Sum oi Money cxpmTed in any such Note, not being duly Ramped as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, either as Drawer thereof, or in pursuance of any Nomination or Appointment for that Purpose therein contained, the Person or Persons so offending Hull for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds: Provided always, that this Clause shall not extend to Promissory Notes made and payable only in Ireland.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and eight, in all Cases of the Sale of any Lands, Tenements, Rents, Annuities, or other Property, real or personal, heritable or moveable, or of any Right, Title, Interest, or Claim, in, to, out of, or upon any Land*, Tenements, Rents, Annuities, or other Property, where a Duty is imposed on the Conveyance thereof, in the Schedule hereunto annexed, in proportion to the Amount of the Purchase or Consideration .Money therein or thereupon expressed, the full Purchase or Consideration^ Money, which shall be directly or iodirectly paid, or fee tired or agreed to be paid for the same, shall be truly expressed and let forth in Words

4 G z at

lVrfons applying for Ivceuees shall deliver

Specimen* if ili' ir Notes,

PenJt" f. -r il'uhsq Notes w it iiout Licence, tool.

The Bank of S< ol.amj,

P iv.tl ILr.k 11' Siothn.f, ami liritilJi Linen I on--jnny shall take ejf Licences, omy in ret poet if fume Branches.

(Sec §17).

Alteration it

Pann ofliijir-,

ill'll! rr.it .41 ate Lie, ru n.

PromiP*, .ry Note*, made nut of (-teat I>1 it.tii) shall not lie negotiable in Great Britain, unless, ftau.pcd.

Penalty on Persons

cir«.ulating such Notes, ti. c. 2, 1,

drifli N , 'ev.

Oa the Sale of auv Property, rcui cr (>eit«>: ral the Puri hale Moisey or t!on; 'i itrai on shall lie fudy a"J tilth i\t loiilt in the (\>ir cyauce, Stc

I

A.D. 1808.

TVn«!; Us on r.'rtli-ii.Ts; ind SoIIpi^ for IM'-wilr in 1'onh <Jon(i(loratiun. Quintuple Duty.

Tart'^s liable to flit ii Be.ialiifv, inionuiu^A^jiinft or Uers Uull be indemnified uud rewarded.

Where the Confxirration shall not be truly let forth Purchaser may recover back lb much thereof as ihalir.oibe Hated.

TVtudtirf en Auoniics, &c. fir not hnerting the true Confidomtion in any ('orwy-anre, &c.

SQOl. ami Incapacity.

No Penally unlefe the Intty paid be lufii than the Duty payable.

Where Lands are conveyed !>y Bargain and Sale inrolled, and also by Leah* and Ktleafe or Feoffment, the former shall be (penally damped, to tef-tify Payment of the ad valorem Duty on the latter,

C. 149.

48 GEORGII III.

at length, in or upon the principal or only Deed or Instrument, whereby the Land or other Thing fold shall be granted, assigned, transferred, released, renounced, or otherwise Conveyed to, or veiled in, the Purchaser or Purchasers, or any other Person or Persons, by his, her, or their Direction; and also where, upon the Sale of any Annuity, Easement, Servitude, or other Right, not before in Exigence, the lame Hull not be created by actual Grant or Conveyance, but shall only he secured by Bond, Warrant of Attorney, Covenant, Contract, or other Security, the full Purchase or Consideration Money, which shall be directly or indirectly paid, or secured or agreed to be paid for the same, shall be truly expressed and set forth, in Words at length, in or upon the Bond or other Instrument or Iuftrutnents, by which the same shall be secured; and if, in any of the said C: \fes, the full Purchase or Consideration Money shall not be truly expressed and set forth in the Manner hereby directed, the Purchaser or Purchasers, and also the Seller or Sellers, shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and shall also be charged and chargeable with, and be holden liable to, the Payment of Five Times the Amount of the Excess of Duty, which would have been payable for such Deed, Bond, or other Instrument as aforesaid, in respect of the full Purchase or Consideration Money, in case the fame had been truly expressed and set forth in or upon the fame, pursuant to the Directions of this Act and the Schedule hereunto annexed, beyond the Amount of the Duty actually paid for the same; which Quintuple Duty shall be deemed and taken to be a Debt to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, of the Party or Parties respectively hereby made liable to pay the same, and shall and may be sued for and recovered accordingly.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any or either of the Parties hereby made liable to the Payment of such Penalty and Quintuple Duty as aforesaid, shall give Information to the Commissioners of Stamps, whereby such Penalty, or Quintuple Duty, or any Part thereof, shall be recovered from any other Party or Parties liable thereto, the Party or Parties giving the Information shall not only he indemnified and discharged of such his, her, 01* their Liability, but shall also be rewarded by the Commissioners of Stamps, out of the Penalty or Quintuple Duty so recovered, to such Extent as the said Comir.jlfioners, or the major Part of them shall think proper, but not exceeding One-half of what shall be so recovered; and where any other Person shall give Information, whereby any such Penalty or Quintuple Duty shall be recovered, he or she shall be rewarded in the like Manner.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That where the full Purchase or Consideration Money shall not be truly expressed and set forth, in the Manner hereby directed, it shall be lawful for the Purchaser or Purchasers, or any of them, or his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, to recover back from the Seller or Sellers, or his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, so much and such Part of the Purchase or Consideration Money as shall not be expressed and set forth as aforesaid, or the Whole thereof, if no Part of the same shall be so expressed and set forth, either in an Action for Money had and received, for the Use of the Party or Parties filing for the fame, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed, or by ordinary Action or summary Complaint in the Court of Session, or in the Sheriff or Stewart Court of the Shire or Stewartry, where the Person or Persons sued or complained of shall reside in Scotland, as the Case may require, together with Double Costs of Suit.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Attorney, Solicitor, Writer to the Signet, or other Person, who shall be employed in or about the preparing of any such Deed, Bond or other Instrument, in or upon which the full Purchase or Consideration Money is hereby required to be truly expressed and set forth as aforesaid, or who shall be employed for any of the Parties thereto, in anywise about or relating to the Transaction therein mentioned, shallknowingly and wilfully insert or set forth, or cause to be inserted or set forth in or upon any such Deed, Bond, or other Instrument, any ether than the full and true Purchase or Consideration Money directly or indirectly paid, or secured or agreed to be paid for the same, or shall in any wise aid or aftift in the doing thereof respectively, every such Attorney, Solicitor, Writer to the Signet, or other Person so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; and every Attorney, Solicitor, and Writer to the Signet so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall also be from thenceforth disabled to practise as an Attorney, Solicitor, or Writer to the Signet; and any other Person, being entitled or intruded to prepare any such Deed, or other Instrument, in virtue of any Publick Office or Employment, and being guilty of such Offence in the Execution of his Office or Employment, and being thereof lawfully coiwi&ed, shall also forfeit and lofehis Office or Employment and be from thenceforth incapable of holding the same.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Party, Attorney, Solicitor, Writer to the Signet, or other Person whosoever, shall be liable to any Penalty, Disability, or Forfeiture whatsoever, by reason of the full Purchase or Consideration Money not being truly expressed and set forth in or upon any such Deed, Bond, or other Instrument as aforesaid, unless the Duty or Duties actually paid for the same, shall be less than would have been payable for the fame, in case the full Purchase or Consideration Money had been truly expressed and set forth according to the Directions of this Act.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Tenth Day of QBobtr One thousand eight hundred and eight, where, upon the Sale of any Estate of Inheritance or Freehold in any Lands or Hereditaments in England, the same shall be conveyed by Bargain and Sale inrolled, and also by Lease and Release or Feoffment, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Stamps, and they are hereby required, on the Production of both Conveyances, and on Proof, to their Satisfaction, that the full Purchase or Consideration Money is truly expressed and set forth therein, in the Manner hereby directed, and on its appearing that the Release or Feoffment is stamped with the ad valorem Duty hereby charged thereon, and that the Bargain and Sale is damped with the ordinary Duty hereby charged thereon, to cause the Deed of Bargain and Sale to be also damped with some particular Stamp, for testifying the Payment of the said act valorem Duty oa the Release or Feoffment; and also where, upon the Sale of any such Estate of Inheritance or Freehold, the same shall be conveyed by Lease and Release, and also by Feoffment, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners,

Md

A.D. 1808.

48° GEORGII III.

C. 149.

593

Deeds of Bar*: a in and Stile not duly iVamped 50l.

On surrendering Copyhold Land* in Court, the Consideration of Sale thall U

ftawd, tkc.

and they are hereby required, on the Production of both Conveyances, and on Proof to their Satisfaction that the full Purctiafe or Consideration Money is truly expressed and set forth therein, in the Manner hereby directed, and on its appearing that the Release is stamped with the ad valorem Duty hereby charged thereon, and that the Feoffment is stamped with the 01 dinary Duty hereby charged thereon, to cause the Feoffment to be also damped with some particular Stamp for teflifying the Payment of the said act Valorem Duty on the Release; and thereupon the Bargain and Sale in the former Case, and the Feoffment in the latter Case, shall he as available in Law, and of the like Force and EfTedf, in all Respecu, as if the fame had been stamped with the ad valorem Duty itself, but until the fame shall be so stamped as aforesaid, the fame Hi all not be given in Evidence, or be available in any Manner whatsoever.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer of any of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, or Penalty on OF-any Clerk of the Peace, or other Person intruded to inrol Deeds of Bargain and Sale of Estates of Freehold Jeers mr'dkn<: in England, shall inrol any Deed of Bargain and Sale, made alter the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and eight, whereby any Freehold Lands or Hereditaments shall be conveyed to any Purchaser or Purchasers, or other Person or Persons, by his, her, or their Direction, u nicks such Deed of Bargain and Sale shall appear to be stamped with the proper ad valorem Duty, hereby charged 0: 1 Conveyances upon the Sale of Lands or other Property, according to the Amount of the Purchase or Consideration Money therein expressed, or with such particular Stamp as aforesaid, for testifying the Payment of the said act valorem Duty on a Deed of Release or Feoffment of the fame Lands or Hereditaments, every such Officer or Clerk of the Peace, or other Person so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forieit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

4' Conveyances of Property, con trailed to be sold before 12th /Ipril 1808, exempted from the ad valorem Duty*

" though executed after 10th Odder 1808. §29."

XXX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and eight, where any Copyhold or CuRomary Lands or Hereditaments shall be proposed to be surrendered in Court, the Person or Persons, proposing to Surrender the fame, shall deliver to the Steward of the Manor or Honour, whereof such Lands or Hereditaments shall be holden, a Note in writing, Hating whether the Surrender proposed is upon a Sale or not upon a Sale, and in the former Case specifying the Amount of the Purchase or .Consideration Money agreed upon for such Lands or Hereditaments, to the Intent that the fame may be inserted and set forth, in Words at length, in or upon the Copy of Court Roll, to be afterwards made out of such Surrender, pursuant to the Directions of this Act; and until such Note in writing shall he delivered, the Lord or Lady, or Steward, of the Manor, or Honour, shall not accept or take the proposed Surrender, on pain of forfeiting for every such Offence, the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and where the proposed Surrender shall be upon a Sale, if the Steward shall neglect to insert the said Purchase or Consideration Money, in or upon the Copy of Court Roll, to be afterwards made out of such Surrender, in Words at length, he shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds: and if upon the Sale of any such Lands or Hereditaments, any Person or Persons shall in the Note so to be delivered as aforesaid, ilate the proposed Surrender to be not upon a Sale, he, she or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Tenth Day of October, where ar.y Copy-hold or CuRomary Lands or Hereditaments shall be intended to be conveyed to any Person or Persons (either upon the Sale or Mortgage thereof, or otherwise) by means of a Surrender made out of Court, or by a Deed of Bargain and Sale, or other Deed, by Commissioners named in a Commission of Bankrupt, or by Executors or others, by virtue of a Power given by Will or by Act of Parliament, the Lord or Lady or Steward of the Manor or Honour, whereof such Lands or Hereditaments shall be Parcel or be holden, shall not inrol any such Surrender or Deed, or accept any Presentinent thereof, or admit any Person to be Tenant of such Lands or Hereditament?, under or by virtue of the fame respectively, unless such Deed or Surrender, or the Memorandum of such Surrender, shall be duly stamped with the Duty hereby charged thereon respectively, on pain of forfeiting for every such Offence, the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Lord or Lady, or Steward of any Manor or Honour, shall after the said Tenth Day of Odder, accept or take any Surrender, or admit any Person Tenant of any Copy-hold or Cuilomary Lands or Hereditaments, out of Court, or make any voluntary Grant of any such Lands or Hereditaments, out of Court, or grant any Licence to demise any such Lands or Hereditaments, out of Court, without causing the fame, or some Memorandum thereof rol'pedlively, to be put in Writing on Vellum, Parchment or Paper, duly stamped with the proper Duty hereby charged thereon respectively, then and in every such Case, he or she shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases of Surrenders, A-dmittances, and voluntary Grants, Penalty on Stow —

of or to any Copyhold or Cuilomary Lands or Hereditaments, and in all Cases of Licences to demise any such of Mamx*

Lands or Hereditaments, which shall be taken, made or granted in Court, after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and eight, the Steward of the Manor or Honour whereof such Lands or Hereditaments shall be Parcel or be holden, shall make out a Copy of Court Roll of ever)' such Surrender, Admittance, voluntary Grant, and Licence to demise, on Vellum, Parchment or Paper, duly stamped according to the Directions of this Act, within Four Calendar Months next after the Surrender, Admittance, voluntary Grant, or Licence,

shall be made or granted, and shall deliver the same to the Party or Parties entitled thereto, or any other Pei foil authorised to receive the same, whenever the same shall be called for, after the Expiration of such Four Calendar months; and if the same shall not be called for, then the Steward shall deliver the same to the Bailiff of the Manor or Honour, or to the Crier of the Court, or to some Copyhold or Cuilomary Tenant of the Manor or Honour, for the Use of the Party or Parties entitled thereto, at the next General Court to be holden for the said Manor or Honour; and if any such Steward shall neglect to make out and deliver such Copy or Copies of Court Roll, in the Manner and within the Time aforesaid, he shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds for every such Surrender, Admittance, voluntary Grant, and Licence to demise, of which he shall neglect tv make out and deliver a

by CjOC9^1C

Penalti"* on IVirle.'t, the waul 01. Seiler, ^ll/'At

Penalty (V in-rolling Surr»-d< rsovvtoi Ci uit» or Bargaiuyanti Sales ot CvJpy-11 'ills, not fltiiy lU.nped, 501.

Penalty on taking Surrcmli rs, or granting A !m: »-lions, .SlC. out of Court, nr: iluiy stamped. 50l.

neglecting to make out .md deliver Copies ol C'urt Hull wi!tain Four MotuiK* duly lumped,

50U

Stamj) Duty, a Debt to the Kin-.

Fees.

Steivar/ls of Manors inav infill tm i'aunem of Fees and the Stamp Duty,

Iicft; re mrqjiing Surrenders, &c.

Probates of tv ills and Lcttcis of Administration valid as to Trull Projicrty, although t lie Value thereof be not covered by the Stamp Dufy.

Where Executors, &c. alle-lge, that any 1'roperty was vested in the Deceased, ts a Trulb-e, a fj.rcial Allidavlt thereof may be required in the ft voa) InAances fpiished.

Partiru'ar* to be tf )ted in futh t\ tiidavitr. by Executors. i>*e. r< ffwcnng Trull Fropej ty.

C. T49.

48° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1808.

Copy of Court Roll, in the Manner and within the Time aforesaid; and the Stamp Duty, payable in respect of every such Copy of Court Roll, shall be a Debt to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, of the Steward so neglecting to make out and deliver the fame, whether he shall have received the Duty or not 5 and if he shall not have received the Duty, the same shall also be a Debt to His Majesty, 'His Heirs and Successors, of the Party or Parties entitled to such Copy of Court Roll; and the said Steward shall also be bound to make out and deliver inch Copy of Court R^oll to the Party or Parties entitled thereto, whenever afterwards the same shall be demanded, without being paid any Fees for the fame; and if any Fees shall have been previously paid to him for the fame, such Fees shall be deemed to have been paid without Consideration, and the Party or Parties, who paid such Fees, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, shall be entitled to recover back the fame, in an Aelion for Money had and received to his, her, or their Use, with full Costs of Suit.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Steward of any Manor or Honour, previousy to the Acceptance of any Surrender, or the granting or making of any Admittance, voluntary Grant, or Licence, to demise, in Court, from and after the Tenth Day of Odder One thousand eight hundred and eight, to demand and infill on the Payment of his lawful Fees for the fame, and for the Copy of Court Roll to be made out thereof, together with the Stamp Duty payable on such Copy of Court Roll; and in case of Nonpayment of such Fees and Stamp Duty, it shall be lawful for the Lord or Lady, or Steward of the Manor, to refuse to accept the Surrender, or to grant the Admittance or Licence, or to make the voluntary Grant, which shall be proposed or have been contracted for, until such Fees and Stamp Duties shall be paid.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Probate of the Will of any Person deceased, or the Letters of Administration of the Effects of any Person deceased, heretofore granted, or to be hereafter granted, either before or upon or after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and eight, shall be deemed and taken to be valid, and available by the Executors or Administrators of the Deceased, for recovering, transferring or afligr.ing any Debt or Debts, or other Personal Eifate or Effects, whereof or where to the Deceased was possessed or entitled, either wholly or partially, as a Trustee, notwithstanding the Amount or Value of such Debt or Debts, or other Personal Ellate or Effects, or the Amount or Value of so much thereof, or such Interest therein, as was Trull Property in the Deceased (as the Case may be) shall not be included in the Amount or Value of the Ellate, in respect of which the Stamp Duty was paid on such Probate or Letters of Administration.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That where the Executors or Administrators, of any Person de* ceased shall be de (irons of transferring or of receiving the Dividends of any Share, Handing in the Name of the Deceased, of and in any of the Government or Parliamentary Stocks or Funds transferrable at the .Lank of England, or of and in the Stock and Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or of and in the Stock and Funds of any other Company, Corporation, or Society whatsoever, pacing by Transfer in the Bocks of such Company, Corporation, or Society, under and by virtue of any such Probate or Letters of Administration as aforesaid, and shall alledge that the Deceased was poFelled thereof or entitled thereto, either wholly or partially, as a Trustee, it shall be lawful for the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and for any such other Company, Corporation or Society as aforesaid, or their respective Officers, for their Indemnity and Protection, to require such Affidavit or Affirmation of the Fact, as herein after is mentioned, if the Fact shall not otherwise satisfactorily appear; and thereupon to permit such Executors or Administrators to transfer the Stock or Fund in question, or receive the Dividends thereof, without regard to the Amount of the Stamp Duty on the Probate of the Will of the Deceased, or the Letters of Administration of his or her Effects: And where the Executorsor Administratots of any Person deceased shall have occasion to recover any Debt or Debts, or other personal Effects, due or apparently belonging to the Deceased, and shall alledge that the Deceased was possessed thereof or entitled thereto, cither wholly or partially, as a Trirftec, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons, liable to pay or deliver such Debt or Debts or other EffeCh, to require such Affidavit or Affirmation of the Faas herein after is mentioned, if the Fact shall not otherwise satisfactorily appear; and thereupon to pay, deliver, or make over the Debt or Debts, or other Effects in qticftion, to such Executors or Administrators, or as they shall direct, without regard to the Amount of the Stamp Duty on the Probate of the Will of the Deceased, or the Letters of Administration od his or her Effects; And where the Executors or Administrators of any Person deceased shall Lav* occasion to assign or transfer any Debt or Debts due to the Deceased, or any Chattels Real, or other PevKmal Effects, whereof or where to the Deceased was possessed or entitled, and shall alledge that the fame icfp.ctively \yas or were due to or vested in the Deceased, either wholly or partially, as a Trustee, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons, to whom or for whose Use such Debt or Debts, Chattels Real, or other Personal Effects, shall be proposed to be assigned or transferred, to require such Affidavit or Affirmation of the Fad as lieu in-after is mentioned, if the Fact shall not otherwise satisfactorily appear; and thereupon to accept the propohd .Alignment or Transfer, without regard to the Amount of the Stamp Duty on the Probate of the Will of the Deceased, or the Letters of Administration of his or 4icr Effids.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That upon any such Requifltion as aforesaid, the Executor or Executors, Administrator or Administrators, of the Deceased, or feme other Person or Persons to whom the Fads shall be known, shall make a special Affidavit or Affirmation of the Fads and Circmnllie.n cs of the Case, Hating the Property in question, and that the Deceased had r.of any Beneficial Intcrdl vhatever i.i the fame, or no other Beneficial Interest therein than shall be particularly mentioned and let forth (as the Case may be), but was poffdfed thereof or entitled thereto, either wholly or in part (as the Case may be) in trull for feme other Person or Persons, whose Name or Names, or other sufficient Description, shall be specified in such Affidavit or Affirmation, or for such Purposes as shall be specified therein; and that the Beneficial intcrdl of the Deceased, if any, in the Property in question, doth not exceed a certain Value to be therein also specifed, according to the bell Effimate that can be made thereof, if reversionary or contingent, and that the Amount or \raluc of the Estate, for which the Stamp Duty was paid on the Probate of thyAV ill of the Deceased, or^on the

OOgl

A.D. 1808.

48° GEORGII III.

C. 149.

595

jory for false

Oath.

Letters of Administration of his or her Effects, is sufficient to include and cover such Beneficial Interest of the Deceased, as well as the Rest of the Personal Estate, whereof or where to the Deceased was beneficially possessed or entitled, and for which such Probate or Letters of Administration shall have been granted, as far as the fame have come to the Knowledge of such Executor or Executors, Administrator or Administrators; and when* the Affidavit or Affirmation of the Fa&s and Circumstances of the Truits shall be made by any other Person than the Executor or Executors, Administrator or Administrators of the Deceased, such Executor or Executors, Administrator or Administrators, shall make Affidavit or Affirmation, that the same are true to the best of his, her, or their Knowledge, and that the Property in question is intended to be applied and disposed of accordingly; which Affidavits or Affirmations shall be fxvorn or made before a Mailer in Chancer)', .ordinary or extraordinary, (who is hereby authorized to take the fame, and administer the proper Oath or Affirmation for that Purpose) and shall be delivered to the Party or Parties requiring the fame, and shall be sufficient to indemnify and protect the Party or Parties a&ingupon the Faith thereof; and if any Person or Persons, Penalty or Ptr-

making any such Affidavit or Affirmation as aforesaid, shall knowingly and wilfully make a false Oath or Affir-: 4 , r"

mation, of or concerning any of the Matters to be therein specified and set forth, every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties, as by any Law now in force, Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons, who as Executor or Executors, Executors aid

nearest in Kin, Creditor or Creditors, or otherwise, shall intromit with or enter upon the Possession or Manage- others intromit-ment of any personal or moveable Estate or Effects in Scotland, of any Person dying after the Tenth Day of Jl"?^October One thousand eight hundred and eight, shall, on or before disposing of or distributing any Part of such , uJj

Ellate or Eflc&s, or uplifting any Debt due to the Deceased, and at all Events within Six Calendar Months pnf', n

next after having assumed such Possession or Management, in whole or in part, and before any such Person or after the lorli Persons shall be confirmed Executor or Executors, tcllamentary or dative, exhibit upon Oath or solemn Affir- isos, shall mation, in the proper Commissary Court in Scotland (which Oath or Affirmation any Judge of or Commis- "l'fioner appointed by such Court is Hereby authorized to administer, and which Oath or Affirmation shall not be chargeable with any Stamp Duty) a full and true Inventory, duly stamped as required by this Act, of all the personal or moveable Estate and Effects of the Deceased, already recovered or known to be exilling, distin-guishing what shall be situated in Scotland, and what elsewhere, together with any Tcllament or other Writing relating to the Dispoftd of Inch Estate and Effe£ls, or any Part thereof, which the Person or Persons, exhibiting such Inventory, shall have in his, her, or their Custody or Power; which said Inventory, together with such Testament or other Writing (if any such there be) shall be recorded in the Books of the said Court, without any other Expence to the Party than the Ordinary Fees of Registration; and if at any subsequent Period a Discovery shall be made of any other Effects belonging to the Deceased, an additional Inventory or additional Inventories of the fame shall, within Two Calendar Months after the Discovery thereof, be in like Manner c

exhibited upon Oath or solemn Affirmation, by any Person or Persons, intromitting with or assuming the Management of such Efte&s, which additional Inventory or Inventories shall also be recorded in the Manner aforesaid; and in case any Person or Persons, hereby required to exhibit any such Inventory or Inventories as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect so to do, within the Time prescribed for that Purpose, or shall knowingly omit any Part of the Estate or Effects of the Deceased therein, he, she, or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to he recovered by ordinary Action or luminary Complaint, in the Sheriff,

Stewart, or Borough Court, or before any Justice of the Peace, of the Shire, Stewartry, or Borough, where the Person or Persons feed or complained of shall reside; which Court or Justice shall have Power, if there shall appear Cause, to mitigate such Penalty, so that the fame be not reduced below one Moiety thereof, besides Colls of Suit; and the Person or Persons so offending shall also be charged and chargeable with, and be hclden liable to the Payment of double the Amount of the Stamp Duty, which would have been payable upon such Inventory or Inventories so negletled to be exhibited, according to the Amount or Value of the Estate and Effects, which ought to have been specified therein, or double the Amount of the further or increased Stamp Duty, which would have been payable upon any such Inventory or Inventories exhibited, in respect of the Estate or Effects so omitted therein as aforesaid, as the Case may require; which double Duty shall be deemed and taken to he a Debt to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, of the Person or Persons liable to pay the same, and shall and may be sued for and recovered accordingly.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Inventory and Inventories, so to be exhibited

and recorded as aforesaid, shall be retained by the Clerk of the Commissary Court, wherein the same shall be exhibited, and shall he transmitted by him from Time to Time, as often as required, together with- the said Oath or Affirmation relating thereto, to the Solicitor of Stamp Duties at Edinburgh, who shall file and preserve the fame in the Stamp Office there; and if the Clerk of any such Court shall fail to record, retain, or transmit any such Inventory, uliich shall be exhibited there to he recorded as aforesaid, or shall receive or record any 41

such Inventory, which shall not be duly ilamped as the Law requires, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XL. And be it further enacted, That where any such additional Inventory' shall he exhibited to be recorded Additional Irv-u aforesaid, the same shall also specify the Amount or Value of the Estate and Effects of the same Person, ven tones Audi comprized in any former Inventory or Inventories; and the Stamp Duty to be charged on such additional In- fp^ify the ventory, shall be the ad valorem Duty, payable in respect of the total Amount or Value of the Estate and Effects "'10°fanner

specified therein, and in any such former Inventory or Inventories; and upon any such additional Inventory, irivnitor<-s; the

duly damped, being recorded and transmitted as aforesaid, the Solicitor of Stamp Duties shall, upon the Appli- Stamp Duty shall cation of the Party, uho shall have exhibited the fame, deliver out to such Party the former Inventory, with a be paid according Certificate thereon signed by him, bearing that an additional Inventory of the Effects of the Deceased duly lamped, bad been transmitted to him, and filed as aforesaid; and such Certificate shall entitle the Party exhi- p{jr^nfru^|n

bitilTg n-pgij to tfea

exhibit an inventory thereof, in the Coinmifliuy Court there, duly stampcU;

and an additional

Penalty for Neele'f, 20l. and Double Duty.

Such Invrntorie*

bf-inu record* d, shall be trail .mitred to the Solicitor of Stamp*

596

Dut y on such Inventory shall l>c only in respect of Effects in Scotland.

C'ot M'matiom of Testaments shall be granted only for Eflfedl* included in such Inventory. Executors shall i.ot recover Elfe<fln unless so included: (except Trull Property).

Comm iflioners may ilarnp Receipts for Legacies, after Three Months from the Date, on Payment of Duty and Penalty; and remit Penalty (within 21 Days) if figtied out of Ljeat iiritain.

Duties shall be paid to the Receiver General, and by him into she Exchequer.

40 G. a. c. bl.

13.

Appropriation pi D-uacs.

C. 149. 48° GEORGII III. A.D. 1808.

biting the additional Inventory, to demand and receive the Amount of the Stamp Duty on stich former Inventory, from the Head Dillribulor of Stamps at Edinburgh* who shall pay the same out of any Monies in his Hands, anting from the Duties hereby charged on fuel) Inventories as aforesaid, on a proper Receipt being given for the fame, and upon the former Inventory and Certificate being delivered to him, to be produced with the Receipt as a Voucher for such Payment.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Duty charged in the Schedule hereunto annexed upon any such Inventory, to be exhibited as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be charged and payable only in respect of the Amount or Value of such Parts of the Estate and Effects therein mentioned as shall be situated in Scotland.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any CommifTnry Court in Scotland, to grant Confirmation of any Tellament, testamentary or dative, or eik thereto, of or for any Estate or Effects whatever, of any Pet foil dying after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and eight, ur.less the same shall be mentioned and included in some such Inventory, exhibited and recorded as aforesaid; and it shall not be competent to any Executor or Executors, or other Person or Persons, to recover any Debt or other Effects, in Scotland, of or b -longing to any Person dying after the said Tenth Day of October, unkfs the same shall have been previously included in some such Inventory, exhibited and recorded as aforesaid; except the fame respectively were vested in the Dcccafed, as a Trutlce for any other Person or Persons, and not beneficially; but these Provisions are not, in other Respects, to prejudice the Law of Scotland, regarding total or partial Confirmations, or the Rules of Succession there established.

t Commissioners authorized to remit Penalties incurred before passing this Act, by Non-payment of the Duty <€ on Legacies, if the Duty in Arrear shall be paid on or before 31 January 1809. §43*"

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases not provided for by the preceding Clause, where any Receipt or Discharge given for any Legacy, or for the Residue, or any Share of the Residue, of any Personal Estate, which shall have been given by Will or other testamentary Instrument, or have devolved to any Person or Persons upon Intcftacy, shall he brought to the Head Office, to be stamped after the Expiration of Three Calendar Months from the Date thereof, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to cai.L the same to be duly stamped, for making the same available, on Payment of the Duty, which shall be payable in respect thereof, together with the Penalty incurred, in consequence of the fame net having ly^cn brought to be stamped, before the Expiration of such Three Calendar Months; and where any such Receipt or Dil'churge lb?. 11 have been figred out of Great Britain, if the same shall be brought to be stamped, within Twenty-one Days after its being received in Great Britain, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to remit any Penalty that may have been incurred thereon, and to cause the same to be duly stamped, on Payment of the Duty payable in respect thereof; any thing contained in any former Act or Acts to the contrary not-with (landing.

' The Duties on Admissions of Solicitors, &c. in Scotland, shall take place immediately from the passing of

this Act, " §45.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies to arise from the Duties granted by this Act, toge-gether with the Monies to arise from the Duties granted by the aforesaid Act of the Forty fourth year of His Majesty's Reign, and remaining unrepealed, and from the Duties on Licences to deal in Thread Lace, granted by an Act of the Forty-sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign*, and now under the Management of the Commissioners of Stamps, shall be paid into the Hands of the Receiver General of the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, who shall from Time to Time pay the same into the Bank of Er.gland for safe Custody, pursuant to the Ad in that Case made and provided, and shall thereafter pay the same, (after deduding the Charges of raising, collecting, and accounting for the fame, and all other Charges hrft parable thereout) into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, in one Sum, at such Time?, and in such Manner, as the present Stamp Duties are by the Laws in force directed to be paid; and that the Money so paid into the said Receipt shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the tenth Day of October One thousand e»gl»t hundred and eight, out of the Monies so to be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer as aforesaid, there shall be set apart the yearly Sum of Three Millions nine hundred and fifty-six thousand seven hundred and ninety Pounds and Ten-pence, being the aggregate Amount of the net yearly Produce of the Duties, granted by the aforesaid Acts of the Forty-fourth and Forty-fifth Years of His Majesty's Reign (except the Duties on Lottery Licences and Shares of Tickets fmee repealed, and except the Duties on Ale Licences and Game Certificates, which are intended to be removed from the Management of the Commissioners of Stamps by certain Act of the present Session) upon an Average of Two Years, ending on the Fifth Day of January last, and of the Net Produce of the Duties on Appraisements and Licences to Appraisers, granted by the aforesaid Act of the Forty-sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign, for One Year, ending on the fame Fifth Day of January; and which said yearly Sum shall be set apart, by Four equal Portions Quarterly, on the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of dfril, the Fifth Day of July, and the Tenth Day of October in every Year; and there shall also be set apart, at the Exchequer, quarterly, on the Days aforesaid, or as soon after as the fame can he done, inch further Sum, as shall be equal to the Net Produce of the Duties on Licences to deal in Thread Lace, granted by the aforesaid Act of the Forty Tixth Year of His Majesty's Reign, of which a separate Account shall be kept at the Stamp Office, and be transmitted to the Exchequer; and after letting apart the said several Sums, the Remainder of the Monies so to be paid into the Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be deemed an Addition msde to the publick Revenue of Great Britain, for the Puvpose of defraying the iuercafed Annual Charge occaliom'd

A.D. 1808. 48' GEORGII III. C.J49*

By any Loan made, or Stock created, by virtue of any Act or Acts passed or to be paffecTIn the prefect ScfHon

of Parliament.

XLVIII.«And whereas by the Art for the Union of the Two Kingdoms of England and Scotland, it was declared that during the Continuance of the respective Duties on stamped Paper, Vellum and Parchment, by the sevend Acts then in force in England, Scotland fhmdd not be charged therewith, and that Scotland should nrtt be charged with any other Duties to he laid on by the Parliament of England before the Union: And whereas at the Time of patting the Act of Union, the Stamp Duties, in force in England, were thufe granted by an Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, for a Term of Years,

and continued by subsequent Acts till the Firti Day of August One thou fund seven hundred and ten, and those granted by an Act of the Ninth Year of King / VIHam, forever; and before the Union, the Duties, grante*

4 by the Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of King William and Queen Mary, were continued for a further Term of Ninety-six Years, from the Jail Day of July One thousand seven hundred and ten, during which Period Scotland was entitled to an Exemption from the same: And whereas by an Act passed in the Fir It Seftton of the Parliament of Great Britain, the said Duties, granted by the Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of King William and Queen Murv, were continued for One Year more after the Expiration of the said Ninety-six Years, and were made payable throughout the whole Kingdom of Great Britain, and the fame Duties were afterwards made perpetual by an Act of the First \ ear of the Reign of King George the Firil; io that those Duties would have been now parable in Scotland, if all the exiting Stamp Duties had not been repealed by the aforesaid Act of the Forty-fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and other Duties granted in lieu thereof; in which Act, Scotland is not charged equally with England, by reason of the Exemptions then in force: And whereas Scotland not being any longer entitled, under the Act of Union, to an Exemption from the Amount of the Stamp Duties, granted by the said Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of King William and Queen Mars, and it being more convenient and desirable, that one uniform Rate of Stamp Duty rtioidd be payable in England and Scotland, upon all Deeds and Instruments common to both, the Duties upon all such Deeds and Iiiflruments are equalized in the Schedule hereunto annexed; and it being reasonable, that Scotland Humid have some other Exemption, by way of Equivalent for the Amount of the Duties granted by the said Act of the Ninth Year of King William, the Duties now payable in Scotland upon Charters of Resignation, Inllrnments of Seittn, and other Instruments in use there, for the completing or renovating of "Pities to Lands and other heritable Subjects, are, in the said Schedule hereunto annexed, reduced from Fourteen Shillings to Seven Shillings: Now, in order to preserve and secure such Equivalent to Scotland, be it further enacted and declared, That the said Duties so reduced, in Scotland, shall not at any Time hereafter be added to or inereased, in any greater Degree, than the Duties of Fifteen Shillings, charged in the said Schedule hereunto annexed, on Surrenders and other Inllrnments of or relating to Copyhold Lands in England; and that if the said lufl-mentioned Duties shall at any Time hereafter be reduced, the said Duties on Charters of Rettgnation, Inttru-ments of Seittn and other Instruments, for the completing or renovating of Titles to Lands and heritable Subjects in Scotland, shall also be reduced in the fame Degree.

Act may be altered or repealed this Settion. §49."

5 97

A". Equivalent

f* ruvM ty S<oi1aiuI f>r atlilitiiinwl <m iJv «xc. ui'ci ilitro, from hIi'h h S- oi'anl

v/\s txvmpi by

tb<* Ait ut Union,

by tow DuMp*

01, C harters, of RcGguauon, kc

The SCHEDULE to which this Act refers#

SCHEDULE.

PART THE FIRST:

Containing the Duties on ADMISSIONS to Offices, &c.; on Iiiflruments of CONVEYANCE, CONTRACT, OBLIGATION, and SECURIlY for Money; on DEEDS in general; and oil other INSTRUMENTS, Matters and Things, not falling under either of the Two following Heads.

PART THE SECOND:

Containing the Duties on LAW PROCEEDINGS, or Proceedings in the Admiralty and Ecclesiastical Courts, and in the several Courts of Law and Equity at 7Gcjlminjhr, and other Courts in Great Britain, and in the Offices belonging thereto, and ^before the Lord High Chancellor, or the Lord Keeper or' Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Sea!, in "Tatters of Bankruptcy and Lunacy.

PART THE THIRD:

Containing the Duties on PROBATES of Wills and Letters of ADMINISTRATION; on CONFIRMATIONS of Tefhiments, testamentary and dative; on INVEN TORIES to be exhibited in the Com miliary Courts in Scotland', on LEGACIES out of Real or Personal, Heritable or Moveable ERate; and on SUCCESSIONS to Personal or Moveable Estates upon Inteflacy.

48 Geo. III. 4 II

59^ Ct49. 48° GEORGII TIT. A.D. 180&.

SCHEDULE, FART I. Duty.

£..

ADMISSION of anj' Person to act as an Advocate, in any of the Ecclesiastical Coarts, or in the High Court of Admiralty, in England; or in any of the Courts of Justice in Scotland- Exemption from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties* Where an Advocate, admitted in one Court in England, shall be admitted as an Advocate in any other Court in England; or being admitted in one Court in Scotland\ shall be admitted as an Advocate in any other Court in Scotland; his latter Admr/Jton shall be free of Duty, provided he shall have paid the proper Stamp Duty on his former Admission, according to the Laws then in force. 40 0 0

ADMISSION of any Perton to the Degree of a Barrister at Lavr, in either of the Inns of Court in England', for the Register or Entry thereof -ADMISSION of any Person to act as an Attorney, Solicitor, or Proctor, in any Court in England; or as a Sworn Clerk, Side Clerk, Clerk in Court, or other Clerk or Officer, in any Court in England, whose Business and Emoluments (like those of an Attorney or Solicitor) shall depend upon his being retained and employed by Clients or Suitors, and $0 0 9

shall therefore be wholly uncertain in Amount - - Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties. Where any Person, duly admitted an Attorney in either of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, or in either of the Courts of the Great Sessions in Wales, or of the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster, and Durham, shall be also admitted to act as an Attorney in any other of the said Courts, or in any inferior Court of Lawy or as a Solicitor in any Court of Equity, in England, the loiter Admission shall be free of Duty: And where any Person, duly admitted a Solicitor in the Court of Chancery or Exchequer at Westminster, or in either of the Courts of the Great Sessions in Wales, or of the Duchy of Lancaster, or of the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster, and Durham, shall be also admitted to act as a Solicitor in any other of the said Courtsy or in any inferior Court of Equity, or as an Attorney in any Court of Law in England, the latter Admission shall be free of Duty: Provided such Attorney or Solicitor shall have paid the proper Stamp Duty on his former Admission, according to the Laws then in force. But in all Cases not expressly exempted, the said Duty is to be paid on every Admission of the feme Person. 6 0 0 N

ADMISSION of any Person to act as a Writer to the Signet, or as a Solicitor, Agent, Attorney, or Procurator, in any Court in Scotland; or as a. Clerk or Officer in any Court in Scotland, whose Business and Emoluments (like those of a Solicitor) shall depend upon his being retained and employed by Clients or Suitors, and shall therefore be wholly uncertain in Amount - - - O O O

And where any Person shall be admitted to act as a Solicitor, or Agent, in the Court of Session, Justiciary, or Commission of Teinds in Scotland, who shall not have served an Apprenticeship for Five Years, to a Writer to the Signet, or to a Solicitor or Agent, under regular Articles or Indentures of Clerkship, or Apprenticeship, which shall have paid the Stamp Duty, payable by Law for the fame at the Date thereof 5 his Admission shall be- charged with a further Duty of And where any Person shall be admitted to act as a Procurator or Solicitor, in the High Court of Admiralty in Scotland, the Commissary Court at Edinburgh, or any inferior Court in Scotland, who shall not have served an Apprenticeship for Five Years, to a Writer to the Signet, or to a Solicitor, Agent, or Procurator, under regular Articles or Indentures of Clerkship or Apprenticeship, which shall have paid the Stamp Duty, payable by Law for the fame at ihe Date thereof; 55 0 0

his Admission shall be charged with a further Duty of Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties. Where any Person, duly admitted a Writer to the Signet, or a Solicitor, Agent, or Attorney, in either of the Courts of Session, Jujl'tciary, Exchequer, or Commission of Teinds, shall be also admitted to act in either of those Capacities in any other or others of the fame Courts: his latter Admission shall be free of Duty: Where any Person, duly admitted a Solicitor or Procurator in the High Court of Admiralty, or in the Commissary .Court at Edinburgh, shall be also admitted a Solicitor or Procurator in the other of those Courts; his latter Admission shall It free of Duty: 6 JJ 0

ADMISSION — Exemptions continued*

And where any Person % duly admitted a Solicitor or Procurator in any of the inferior Courts in Scotland, shall be also admitted a Solicitor or Procurator in any other or others of the fame Courts; his latter Admijfxon shall be free of Duty:

Provided in each of the foregoing Cafesy the proper Stamp Dutyshall have been paidy on the former Admijfxon of such P erf on, according to the Laws then in force.

But in all Cases not expressly exempted, the said Duty is to be paid on every Admission of the same Person.

ADMISSION of any Person as a Matter in ordinary in Chancery, or as one of the Six Clerks, or one of the Cursitors, of the Court of Chancery in England; or as a Sworn Clerk, Side Clerk, Clerk in Court or other Clerk or Officer whatsoever, in any Court in Great Britain, who mutt necessarily be employed to do certain official Business, and whose Emoluments shall therefore be so far fixed and certain;

Where the Salary, Fees, and Emoluments of the Office or Appointment shall not amount to 50). per Annum -

And where the same shall amount to 50l. and not amount to iool. per Annum And where the same shall amount to iool. and not amount to 200l. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 200l. and not amount to 300l. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 300l. and not amount to 500l. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 500l. and not amount to 750l. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 750l. and not amount to iooool. per Annum And where the same shall amount to iooool. and not amount to I, fool, per Annum And where the same shall amount to 1, 500b and not amount to 2, ooool. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 2, ooool. and not amount to 3, 000l. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 3, 000l. or upwards per Annum

The said Fees and Emoluments to be estimated according to the Average Amount thereof for Three Years preceding, if practicable; and if not, according to the best Information that can be obtained.

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties.

Where any Officer shall be admitted annually, every Admijfxon after thefrjl shall be free of Duty, provided the proper Duty shall have been paid on his first Admijfxon.

All Admijfons of Officers proceeding upon any Grants of or Appointments to OJfcesy which shall be charged with the Duties herein after mentioned.

But in all Cases not expressly exempted, the proper Duty is to be paid on every Admission

of the same Person.

ADMISSION of any Person to act as a Notary Publick. — See Faculty.

ADMISSION of any Person to be a Member of either of the Four Inns of Court in England ADMISSION of any Person to be a Member of either of the Societies, commonly called Inns of Chancery, in England -

ADMISSION of any Person to be a Fellow of the College of Physicians, in England or Scotland -

ADMISSION or Licence of any Person, by the College of Physicians, in England % to exrrcifc the Faculty of Physick in the City of London and within Seven Miles thereof ADMISSION or Matriculation of any Person in either of the Universities in England ADMISSION of any Person to the Degree of a Bachelor of Arts, in either of the Universities in England, for the Register of Entry thereof,

If conferred in the ordinary Course of the University.*

If conferred by special Grace, or Royal Mandate, or by reason of Nobility, or otherwise out of the ordinary Course -

ADMISSION of any Person to any other Degree in either of the Universities in England, for the Register or Entry thereof,

If conferred in the ordinary Course of the University

It conferred by special Grace, or Royal Mandate, or by reason of Nobility or otherwise out of the ordinary Course, conferring any Right of Election in such

University -

ADMISSION of any Person to the Degree of Doctor of Medicine, in either of the Univer-; fities, in Scotland -

Note. — The said herein-before mentioned Duties on Admissions are, in all Cases not expressly provided for, to be charged on the Instruments of Admission, delivered to the Persons admitted, by whatsoever Name the fame may be called, if there be any such; or if not, on the Register, Entry, or Memorandum of each; Admission, in the Rolls, Books, or Records of the Court, College, Inn, or Society, in which the Admission shall be made 5 or for Want thereof, on I Hlie Kelcript or Warrant lor inch Admission. j

4H2

J

I 10 0

3 0 0

5 0 0

10 0 a

20 0 0

3° 0 0

40 0 0

50 0 0

75 0 0

100 0 0

150 0 0

20

300

20

o

10

300

500

6 00

10 o e

10 o

ADMIS S f O N — continued.

ADMISSION of any Person into any Corporation or Company, in any City, Borough, Burgh, or Town Corporate, in Great Britain; for the Remitter, Entry, or Memorandum thereof, in the Court Book, Roil, or Record of Inch Corporation or Company;

Where the Admission shall be in respect of Birth, Apprenticeship, or Marriage Ami where the same shall be upon any other Ground -

Exemptions from the preceding and all ether Stamp Dufies.

The Admifpons oj Cr of if men or others entering in any Corporation, within any Royal Burgh, Burgh of Regality*, or Burgh of Barony, in Sect land, incorporated by the JSlag'jlrates and Council of such Burgh; provided such C raff men or ethers shall have been previously admitted Freemen or Burgcjja of the Bui gh, avd have paid the proper Stamp Duty on such S.Idnia/'ion, aeearaaig to the Daws then in force.

ADMISSION to Ecclesiastical Benefices in Scotland. See Collation.

ADMISSION or Admittance t<\ Copyhold Lauds. See Copyhold.

AFFIDAVIT, not made for the immediate Purpose of being filed, read, or ufod in any Court of Law or Equity; for every Sheet or Piece of Paper, Parchment, or Vellum, on which the same shall be written or printed -

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Dufies.

affidavits required or authorized by Law, to be made before any Justice or Justices of the Peace; or before any Commissioner or Commisstoriers of any publick Board of Revenue, or any of the Officers acting under them; or before any other Commissioner cr Commissionerj appointed or to be appointed by Act of Parliament.

Affidavits made pursuant to the Statutes for burying in Woollen.

Affidavits which may be required at the Bank of England, to prove the Death of any Proprietor of any Share in any of the Stocks or Funds transferable there, or to identify the Person of any such Proprietor, or to remove any other Impediment to the Transfer oj'any such Stocks or Funds.

Also all Affidavits relating to the Loss, Mutilation, or Defacement of any Bank Note or Bank Post Bill.

See also the General Exemptions at the End of this Part of the Schedule.

AGREEMENT, or Contract, accompanied with a Deposit of Title Deeds, for making a Mortgage, Wadset, or other Security on any E(late or Property therein comprised. — See Mortgage.

AGREEMENT, or any Minute or Memorandum of an Agreement, made in England under Hand only, or made in Scotland without any Clause of Regiilration (and not otherwij'e charged in this Schedule nor express ly exempted from all Stamp Duty), where the Matter thereof shall be of the Value of 20L or upwards, whether the lame shall be only Evidence of a Contract, or obligatory upon the Parties from its being a written Instrument, together with every Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter put or indoried thereon or annexed thereto;

Where the same shall not contain more than to8o Words (being the Amount of Fifteen Common Law Folios or Sheets ot Seventy-two Words each)

And where the same shall contain more than 1080 Words -

And for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over and above the fu ll ic^O Words, a $nr\\\erprogrtf/tvtr Duty of -

Provided always, that where divers Letters shall be offered in Evidence, to prove any Agreement between the Parties, who shall have written such Letters, it shall be i'umcieut, if any one of such Letters shall be Humped with a Duty of il. 10s. although the same shall in the whole contain twice the Number of jg8o Wards or upwards*

Exemptions from the preceding and all other stamp Duties.

Label, Slip, or Memorandum, containing the Heads of Infur twees to be made by the Corporations of the Royal Exchange Affirm nee, and London Assurance; or by the Corporations of the Royal Exchange Assurance of Houses and Goods from Fire, and London Assurance of Houses and Goods from Fire:

Memorandum or Agreement for granting a LcaJ'e or Tack, at Rack Rtnt, of any MeJftage, Laud, or Tenement, under the yearly Rent of Five Pounds: Memorandum or A retment for the Hire of any Labourer, Artificer, Alanuf: Surer, or Menial Servant:

Memorandum, Letter, or Agreement, made for or relating to the Sale of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize:

Memorandum or Agreement j made between the Master and Mariners of any Ship cr I effA, for IT ages, cn any Voyage CofJwCe Horn Port to Pert in Great Britain:

Duty.

£. s. A

10 0 2 0 0

026

0 16 o

1 10 o

i o e

AGREEMENT — Exemptions continued\

Letters containing any Agreement {not before exempted) in ref pell of any Merchandize, or Evidence of such an Agreement, which shallpafs by the Poj'}, between Merchants or other Persons carrying on Trade or Commerce, in Great Britain, and reading and actually beings at the Time of fending fitch Letters, at the DJI a nee of Fifty Miles from each other.

See also the General Exemptions at the End of this Part of the Schedule.

APPOINTMENT, in execution of a Power, of Land or other Property, real or personal or of any Use or Interest therein, where made by any Writing, not being a Deed or Will -

And where the Tame, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2, 60 Words (being the Amount of Thirty common Law Folios or Sheets of Seventy two Words each) or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words (or Fifteen common Law Folios or Sheets) contained therein, over and above the first 1080 Words, a further progressive Duty of If made by Deed. — See Deed.

APPOINTMENT of a Chaplain, operating as a Qualification to hold Two Ecclesiastical Benefices in England -

APPOINTMENT of a Game keeper. — See Deputation.

APPOINTMENT toOflicesj — See Admission, Qrant.

APPRAISEMENT or Valuation of any EHate or Effects, real or personal, heritable or moveable; or of any Interest therein; or of the annual Value thereof; or of any Dilapidations; or of any Repairs wanted; or of the Materials and Labour used or to be used in any Buildings; or of any Artificers' Work whatsoever;

Where the Amount of such Appraisement or Valuation shall not exceed 50l.

And where it shall exceed jjol. and not exceed iool.

And where it shall exceed iool. and not exceed 200l.

And where it shall exceed 200l. and not exceed 500l.

And where it shall exceed 500l.

Exemptions.

Any Appraisement or Valuation, made in pursuance of the Order of any Court of Admiralty or Vice-Admiralty, or of any Court of Appeal from any Sentence, Adjudication, or Judgment of any Court of Admiralty, or Vice-Admiralty.

APPRAISER, Licence to act as such. — See Licence.

APPRENTICESHIP and CLERKSHIP. — Indenture or other Instrument, containing the Covenants, Articles, or Agreements, for or relating to the Service of any Apprentice, Clerk, or Servant, who shall be put or placed to or with any Master or Mistress, to learn any Profession, Trade or Employment whatsoever; except Articles of Clerkship to Attornies and others, herein after spec Jicully charged;

If the Sum of Money, or the Value of any other Matter or Thing which shall be paid, given, assigned, or conveyed, or be secured to be paid, given, assigned, or conveyed to or for the Use or Benefit of the Master or Mil!refs, with or in respect of such Apprentice, Clerk, or Servant, or both the Money and Value of such other Matter or Thing, shall not amount to 30l.

If the same shall amount to 30l. and not amount to 50l.

If the same shall amount to 50h and not amount to iool. If the same shall amount to iool. and not amount to 200l.

If the same shall amount to 20cl. and not amount to 300l.

If the same shall amount to 3C0l. and not amount to 400l.

If the same shall amount to 400l. and not amount to yocl.

If the same shall amount to 500l. and not amount to 600l.

If the same shall amount to 600l. and not amount to Scol.

If the same shall amount to 800l. and not amount to iooool.

And if the same shall amount to iooool. or upwards -

And where there shall be no such Consideration as aforesaid, moving to the Master or Mif-tress if the Indenture or other Instrument shall not contain more than 1080 Words And if the same shall contain more than that Quantity -

APPRENTICESHIP and CLERKSHIP. — Indenture or other Instrument, containing the Covenants, Articles, or Agreements, for or relating to the Service of any such Apprentice, Clerk, or Servant as aforesaid, who shall be put or placed to or with a new Master or Mistress either by Assignment or Turnover, or upon the Death, Absence, or Incapacity of the former Master or Millrufs, or other wise;

7

£. s. d.

1 10 c

1 o a

1 10 o

026 050 0100 0150 I o o

05 0

I 10 0

2 10 0

5 0 0

10 0 0

1S 0 0

2 j 0 0

*5 0 0

0 0

40 0 0

So 0 0

05 0

1 10 0

I:

APPRENTICESHIP and CLERKSHIP —

Where there shall be any finch valuable Consideration as aforesaid, moving to ^he new Mailer or Mistress, exclusive of any Part of the Consideration to the former Master or Mistress, which may be returned, or given, or transferred to the new Master or Mistress -

And where there shall be no such new Consideration; if the Indenture or other

Instrument shall not contain more than 1080 Words - - - o

And if the same shall contain more than that Quantity - - 1

And where there shall be Duplicates, or Two Parts, of any such Indenture or other Iuftmment, relating to any such Apprentice, Clerk, or Servant as aforesaid; each Part shall be charged with the Duty before mentioned, in all Cases where the same shall not exceed Thirty Shillings; and where the same shall exceed that Sum, only one Part shall be charged with the said act valorem Duty, or Duty in proportion to the Consideration, and the other Part shall be charged with a Duty of -

Note. — And the Part, bearing the ad valorem or higher Duty, shall belong to and be kept by the Apprentice, Clerk, or Servant, or some Person on lm or her Behalf, upon his or her being first placed out; and in case of any subsequent placing out, by Alignment or otherwise, the Part bearing the ad valorem Duty on that Occasion (if any) shall belong to and be kept by the former Master or Mistress, or his or her Representatives, or by the Apprentice, Clerk, or Servant, or some Person on his or her Behalf; and in each of the said Cases, the other Party bearing the lower Duty hereby charged thereon, shall belong to and be kept by the original Master or Mistress, or the new Master or Mistress as the Case may be; and the same shall be respectively received in Evidence

accordingly.

Exemptions jrom the preceding and all other Stamp Duties. indentures or other Instruments for placing out poor Children apprentices, by or at the foie Change of any Partfh or Township, or by or at the foie Charge of any Publick Charity, or pursuant to the Act of the 32d Year of His Majesty's Reign, for the further Regulation of Parish Apprentices:

And all AJsignmenis of such poor Apprentices; provided there flail he no such valuable Consideration as aforesaid, given to the new Master or Mistress, other than what may have beta, or shall be given by any Partfh or Township, or by any Publick Charity.

ARTICLES of CLERKSHIP, or Contra&, whereby any Person shall first become bound to serve as a Clerk; in order to his Admission as an Attorney, or Solicitor,

in any of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster -

in any of the Courts of the Great Sessions in Wales, or of the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster, and Durham; or in any other Court of Record in England, holding Pleas, where the Debt or Damage amounts to Forty Shillings'And for any Counterpart or Duplicate of any such Articles or Contract of Clerkftiip ARTICLES of CLERKSHIP, or Contract, whereby any Person (not being an Attorney of one of the Courts at Westminsfter1 shall first become bound to serve as a Clerk, in order to his Admission as a Sworn Clerk, in the Office of the Six Clerks of the Court of Chancery, or as a Sworn Clerk, Clerk in Court, or Side Clerk, in the Office of Pleas, or the Office of His Majesty's Remembrancer, in the Court of Exchequer, in England And for any Counterpart or Duplicate thereof -

ARTICLES of CLERKSHIP, or Contract, whereby any Person shall become bound to serve as a Clerk, in order to any such Admission as aforesaid, for the Residue of the Term, for which he was originally bound, in consequence of the Death of his former Master, or of the Contract between them'being vacated by Consent, or by Rule of Court, or in any other Event -

And for any Counterpart or Duplicate thereof«.

And where any Person, having entered into any Articles of Clerkftiip or Contrail, bearing a Stamp Duty of 1 iol. in order to his Admission as as a Sworn Clerk, Clerk in Court or Side Clerk, in the Court of Chancery, or Court of Exchequer, or in order to his Admission as an Attorney or Solicitor in any of the Courts at West-Munfict) shall afterwards enter into any such Articles or Contract as aforesaid, for any

/. d.

"Such and the tike Duty in proportion to the Amount or Falui of such new Confederation only as it before charged on any original fndeth tore of Appwi' Jiceship.

JS

10

1 10

no 0

SS

1

o

10

r 10 o 1 10

ARTICLES of CLERKSHIP —

other of those Purposesj the said last-mentioned Articles or Contract'shall be charged only with a Duty of

And the Counterpart or Duplicate thereof -

And where the fame Articles of Clerkship shall be a Qualification to any Person, to be admitted, not only as an Attorney or Solicitor in any of the Courts at Westminster, but also as a Sworn Clerk, Clerk in Court, or Side Clerk, in the Court of Chancery or Court of Exchequer, or as an Attorney or Solicitor in any of the inferior Courts aforesaid; such Articles shall not be charged with more than one Duty of nol.

ARTICLES of CLERKSHIP, or Contrail, whereby any Person shall first become bound to serve as a Clerk, in order to his Ad million as a Protlor in the High Court of Admiralty in England, or in any of the Ecclesiastical Courts in Doctors Commons

And for any Countepart or Duplicate thereof -

ARTICLES of CLERKSHIP, or Contrail, whereby any Person shall become bound to serve as a Clerk, in order to his Admission as a Pio&or, in any of the Courts aforesaid, for the Residue of the Term, for which he was originally bound, in consequence of the Death of his former Mailer, or of the Contrail between them being vacated, or in any other Event -

And for any Counterpart or Duplicate thereof -

ARTICLES, or Indeuturc of Clerkship or Apprenticefiiip, whereby any Person shall first become bound to serve as a Clerk or Apprentice, in order to his Admission as a Writer to the Signet, or as a Solicitor, Agent, or Attorney, in any of the Court of Session, Judiciary, Exchequer, and Commission of Teiuds, in Scotland And for any Counterpart or Duplicate thereof -

ARTICLES, or Indenture of Clerkship or Apprenticeship, whereby any Person shall first: become bound to serve as a Clerk or Apprentice, in order to his Admission to ail as a Procurator or Solicitor, in the High Court of Admiralty, the Commissary Court at Edinburgh % or any other inferior Court in Scotland

And for any Counteimart or Duplicate thereof -

ARTICLES, or Indenture of Clerkship or Apprenticeship, whereby any Person shall become bound o serve as a Clerk or Apprentice, in order to any such Admission Scotland, as aforesaid, for the Residue of the Term, for which he was originally bound, in consequence of the Death of his former Master, or of the Contrail between them being vacated, or in any other Event -

And for any Counterpart or Duplicate thereof -

ASSIGNATION or Assignment, upon the Sale of any Property. — See Conveyance.

ASSIGNATION in Security. — See Mortgage.

ASSIGNATION of any Wadset, Heritable Bond, &c. — See Mortgage.

ASSIGNMENT of any Mortgage, or other similar Security. — See Mortgage.

ASSIGNATION or ASSIGNMENT of any Property, Real or Personal, Heritable or Moveable, not other wise charged in this Schedule, nor expressly exempted from all

Stamp Duty -

And where the fame, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 216 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1080 Words, a further progressive Duty of AWARD in England, and Award or Decreet-Arbitral in Scotland

And where the fame, together with any Schedule or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1080 Words, a furtherprogrcjji'vc Duty of BARGAIN and SALE (or Lease) fora Year, for vesting the Possession of Lands or other Hereditaments in England, and enabling the Bargainee to take a Release of the Freehold or Inheritance, upon the Sale thereof; -

Where the Purchase or Consideration Money expressed in the Release shall not amount to 50l.

And where the same shall amount to 50l. and not amount to 1501.

And where the same shall amount to 1 50l. or upwards*

BARGAIN and SALE (or Lease'i for a Year, upon any other Occasion BARGAIN and SALE ( to be enrolled) of any Estate of Freehold, in Lands or other Hereditaments in England, upon the Sale thereof, or by way of Mortgage. — See Conveyance. Mortgage.

BARGAIN and SALE (to be enrolled) of any Estate of Freehold, in Lands or other Hereditaments in Et, gland> upon any other Occasion than the Mortgage or Sale thereof

1 10 1 10

d.

o

o

IOO

1 10 o

I 10

1 10

55 0

1 10

25 o

I .10

o

e

1 10*110 o

110 0

I o c

1 10 o

106

0 15 o x o o

1 10 o

1 10 e*

o 0

BARGAIN and SALE continual.

And where any such Bargain and Sale as aforesaid, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon or annexed thereto, shall j contain 2160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 12*0 \ Words contained therein, over and above the firth 1080 Words, a further progrejpve Duty of -

Exemptions from the preceding Duty.

Bargains and Sales, made by Commissioners to the Sljjt^nces of Bank nipt j, which art to pay a Duty, only as Deeds in general.

inland BILL of EXCHANGE, Draft, or Order, for the Payment to the Bearer, or to Order, either on Demand, or otherwise, of any Sum of Money, .j

Amounting to 40s. and not exceeding 5l. 5s.

Exceeding 5l. 5s. and not exceeding 3d. - - - -j

Exceeding 30l. and not exceeding 50l.

Exceeding 5; 1. and not exceeding iod. - - - -I

Exceeding icol. and not exceeding 200l. - - — -j

Exceeding 200I, and not exceeding 500l.

Exceeding 500l. and not exceeding 1 , 000b -

Exceeding i, ocol. and not exceeding 3, ooool.

Exceeding 3, ooool.

Inland T>ILL, Draft, or Order, for the Payment of any Sum of Money, though not made payable to the Bearer or to Order, if the same shall be delivered to the Payee, or some Person, on his or her Behalf -

Inland BILL, Draft, or Order, for the Payment of any Sum of Money, weekly, monthly, or at any other Hated Periods, if made payable to the Bearer, or to Order, or if delivered to the Payee or some Person on his or her Behalf; — where the total Amount of the Money .thereby made payable shall be specified therein, or can be ascertained therefrom

And where the total Amount of the Money thereby made pay aide shall be inde finite.

And the following Iriflruments shall be deemed and taken to be Inland Bills, Drafts, or Orders, for the Payment of Money within the Intent and Meaning of this Schedule and of the foregoing Act; viz.

All Drafts or Orders for the Payment of any Sum of Money, by a Bill or Promifibrv Note, or for the Delivery of any such Bill or Note, in Payment or Satisfaction of any Sum of Money-; where such Drafts or Orders shall require the Payment or Delivery to be made, to the Bearer or to Order, or shall be delivered to the Payee, or some Person on his or her Behalf:

All Receipts given by any Banker or Bankers, or other Person or Persons for Money received, which shall entitle, or be intended to entitle, the Person or Persons paying the Money, or the Bearer of such Receipts, to receive the like Sum from any Third Person or Persons:

And all Bills, Drafts, or Orders for the Payment of any Sum of Money, out of any particular Fund, which may or may not be available; or upon any Condition or Contingency, which may or mav not be performed or happen; if the same shall be made payable to the Bearer or to Order, or if the same shall be delivered to the Payee or some Person on his or her Behalf;

Foreign BIEL of EXCHANGE, (or Bill of Exchange drawn in but payable out of Great Britain, ) rf drawn singly, and not in a Set -

Foreign BILLS of EXCHANGE, drawn in Sets according to the Custom of Merchants; for every Bill of each Set; where the Sum made payable thereby shall not exceed joob And where it shall exceed 10 1. and not exceed 20 d.

And where it shall exceed 200l. and not exceed 500l. -- .1

And where it shall exceed 50c!. and not exceed i, ooool.

And where it shall exceed i, ooool. and not exceed 3, 000b -

And where it shall exceed 3, 000b -

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties.

/Ill Bills f Exchange, or Bank Post Bills, issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England:

d.

0 0

o

o

o

o

0

o

o

o

t

0

6

0

0

0

6

0

1

1

2

3

4

5 7

10

0 0

( The faint Duly j on n lit! I of J Du ha/'in jurthe, like Sum, /tv-I nl fr to Bearer or lOrtl'T.

f The Jarre Duty

I as on u Bill pov-al'le to bearer; or Order, for a Sum ctjuat to Jllth tut til \^/t mount, flhe Janie Duty*as on u Bill f or the Sum [jcxprrjjbi only.

(Thefeme Duty a? on an In-I land Dili of the /ii me Amount Tenor.

1

2

3

4

5

10

A.D. 1808.

48° GEORGII III.

C. 149

SCHEDULE, PART I.

Duty.

BILLS — continued.

All Bills, Orders, Remittance Bills, and Remittance Certificates, drawn by Commissioned Officers, Masters, and Surgeons in the Navy, or by any Commissioner or Commissioners of the Navy, under the Authority of the Act passed in the Thirty fifth Year of His Majesty's Reign, for the more expeditious Payment of the Ji ages and Pay of certain 35 G. 3. c. 9*. Officers belonging to the Navy:

All Bills drawn pursuant to any former Act or Acts of Parliament, by the Commissioners of the Navy, or by the Commissioners for Victualling the Navy, or by the Commissioners for managing the Transport Service, and for taking care offink and wounded Seamen, upon and payable by the Treasurer of the Navy:

All Drafts or Orders for the Payment of any Sum of Money to the Bearer cn demand, and drawn upon ary Banker or Bankers, or any Person or Persons atfing as a Banker, who shall reside or transact the Business of a Banker, withinTen Miles of the Place where such Drafts or Orders shall be drawn 5 Providedfuch Place shall be specifed in such Drafts or Orders; and provided the same shall bear Date on or before the Day, on which the same shall be issued; and provided the fame do not direct the Payment to be made, by Bills or Promissory Notes:

All Bills, for the Pay and Allowances of Majesty's Land Forces, or for other Expenditures liable to be charged in the publick Regimental or Difirtd Accounts, which shall be drawn, according to the Forms now prescribed or hereafter to bepreferibed by His Majesty's Orders, by the Pay masters of Regiments or Corps, or by the Chief Paymaster or Deputy Paymaster and Accountant of the Army Depot, or by the Paymasters of Recruiting Dislrids, or by the Paymasters of Detachments, or by the Officer or Officers authorised to perform the Duties of the Paymaflership, during a Vacancy, or the AbJ'ence, Sufprnjton or Incapacity of any such Paymaster as aforesaid; save and except such Bills as shall be drawn in favour of Contradors or others, who furnish Bread or Forage to His Majesty's Troops, and who by their Contracts or Agreements Jlsall be liable to pay the Stamp Duties on the Bills given in Payment for the Articles supplied by them.

BILL of LADING, of or for any Goods, Merchandize, or EfFc&s to be exported - - 0 3 0

BILL of SALE absolute. — See Conveyance.

BILL of SALE as a Security. — See Mortgace.

BOND in England, and Personal Bond in Scotland, given as a Security for the Payment of any definite and certain Sum of Money,

Not exceeding iool.

Exceeding iool. and not exceeding 300l.

Exceeding 300l. and not exceeding 500l.

Exceeding 500l. and not exceeding i, ooooI.

Exceeding i, ooool. and not exceeding 2, ooool.

Exceeding 2, ooool. and not exceeding 3, ooool.

Exceeding 3, 000b and not exceeding 4, 000l.

Exceeding 4, ooool. and not exceeding 5, ooool.

Exceeding 5, 000l. and not exceeding 10, 000l.

Exceeding 10, 000l. and not exceeding 15, 0001.

Exceeding 1, 5, 0001. and not exceeding 2o, ooool.

Exceeding 20, 000l.

BOND in England, and Personal Bond in Scotland, given as a Security for the Re-payment of any Sum or Sums of Money, to be thereafter lent, advanced, or paid, or which may become due upon an Account Current, together with any Sum already advanced or due, or without, as the Case may be;

Where the total Amount of the Money secured, "or to be ultimately recoverable thereupon, shall be uncertain and without any Limit

i

And where the Money feenred, or to be ultimately recoverable thereupon, shall be limited, not to exceed a given Sum -

BOND in England, and Personal Bond in Scotland, given as a Security for the Transfer or Retransfer of any Share, in any of the Government or Parliamentary Stocks or Funds, or in the Stock and Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or of the East India Company, or of the South Sea Company -

I O 0

z IO 0

2 O 0

3 O 0

4 O 0

5 O 0

6 0 0

7 O 0

9 O 0

12 O 0

if O 0

25 0 0

48 Geo. III.

4*

20 o o

7 he sum Duty 1 a\ on >1 Horn! for S such I wired I Sum.

r The fume Di tty a* on a Bond lot u Sum <fl M«'; ety, efjual to the la-Iue (f the Sfo{ k or Fund secured, according to the average Price thereof', on the Day of the Date of the Bond, or on either of the Ten Dayi_ ^precedm^.

n Daui

©gl

BON D — conti n tied.

Heritable BOND in Scotland for any of the Purposes aforesaid. — See Mortgage.

BOND in England, and Personal Bond in Scotland, given as a Security for the Payment of any Sum of Money, or for the Transfer or Re-transfer of any Share in any of the Stocks or Funds before mentioned, which shall be in part secured by a Mortgage or Wadset, or other Instrument herein after charged with the same Duty as a Mortgage or Wadset, bearing even Date vsi.h such Bond; or for the Performance of Covenants contained in such Mortgage or other Instrument; or for both those Purposes

BOND in England, and Personal or Heritable Bond in Scotland, given as the only or principal Security, for the Payment of any Annuity, upon the original Creation and Sale thereof . — See Con vt Vance upon the Sale of Lands, &c.

BOND in England, and Personal Bond in Scotland, given as a collateral or auxiliary Security for the Payment of any Annuity, upon the original Creation am! Sale thereof, where the lame shall be granted or conveyed, or secured, by any other Deed or Instrument, liable to and charged with the ad valorem Duty, herein after impofecPon Conveyances upon the Sale of any Property -

BOND in England, and Personal or Heritable Bond in Scotland, given as a Security for the Payment of any Annuity, (except upon the original Creation and Sale thereof) or of any Sum or Sums oi Money at Hated Periods, (not being Interejd for any Principal Suva, nor Rent reserved or payable upon any Lease or Tack) for any definite and certain Term, so that the total Amount of the Money to be paid can be previously ascertained -

£, s. d+

I 0 7

BOND in England, and Personal or Heritable Bond in Scotland, given as a Security for the Payment of any Annuity, (except as aforesaid\ or of any Sum or Sums of Money at Hated Periods, (not being Inter ejl for any principal Sum, nor Rent re served or payable upon any Lease or Tack) for the Term of Life, or any other indefinite Period, so that the whole Money to be paid cannot be previously ascertained;

Where the Annuity or Sumo secured shall not amount to iol. per Annum And where the same shall amount to iol. and not amount to 5cl. per Annum

And where the same shall amount to 50l. and not amount to iool. per Annum And where the same shall amount to tool, and not amount to 200l. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 200l. and not amount to 300l. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 300l. and not amount to 400l. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 400l. and not amount to 500l. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 500l. and not amount to 75GI. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 750l. and not amount to i, ooool. per Annum And where the same shall amount to i, ooooL and not amount to 1, 500b per Annum And where the same shall amount to 1, 500b and not amount to 2, 000b per Annum And where the same shall amount to 2, 000b per Annum, or upwards But where there shall be both a Personal and Heritable Bond, in Scotland, in separate Deeds of the fame Date, for securing any such Annuity, or Sums payable at ilated Periods, and the ad valorem Duty above charged thereon shall amount to 11. 10s. or upwards; the Heritable Bond only shall be charged with the ad valorem Duty, and the Personal Bond Avail be charged only with a Duty of -

BOND, commonly called Counterbor.d in England, and Personal Bond of Relief in Scotland. for indemnifying any Person, who shall have become bound or engaged, as Surety or Cautioner, for the Payment of any Sum of Money or Annuity, or foi the Transfer of any Share in any of the Stocks or Funds before mentioned BOND in England, and Personal Bond in Scotland, for the due Execution of an Office, and to account for Money received by virtue thereof -

BOND, given pursuant to the Directions of any Act of Parliament, or by the Direction of the Commissioners of Customs or Excise, or any of their Officers, for or in resperit of any of the Duties of Customs or Excise, or lor preventing Frauds or Evaiions thereof, or for any other Matter or Thing relating thereto -

BOND, accompanied with a Deposit of Title Deeds, for making a Mortgage, Wadset, or other Security, on any Estate or Property therein comprized. — See Mortgage.

Back BOND for making redeemable any Disposition, A (Agnation, or Tack, apparently absolute, but intended only as a Security. — See Mortgage.

BOND in England, and Personal Bond in Scotland of any Kind whatever, not othervaife charged in this Schedule, nor expressly exempted from all Stamp Duty Heritable BOND in Scotland, of any Kind whatever, not otherwise charged in this Schedule, nor expressly exempted from all Stamp Duty -

General Directions respecting Bonds.

Where any such Bond as aforesaid, together with any Schedule, Receipt, jor other Matter, put or indorsed theregn or uuuexed or

7

xo 0

flhe fituc Duty I on a Fond f I the I Ce XntuTC, i for the Ferm ent'uj a Sum of Money, cf.ni (» such total Arvowil.

2

3

4

5 - 6

7

9

12

*5

20

0

10

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

o

0

0

0

o

0

0

0

0

0

0

100

1 0 ©

too

I 0 0

1 10 0

A.D. 1808.

48° GEORGII III.

C. 149.

SCHEDULE, PART I.

Dut

BOND — continued.

upwards, there shall be charged for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over and above the ftrit 1080 Words, a further frogreftive Duty of -

And where any such Bond as aforesaid shall be given as a Security, for the Payment of a Sum of Money, and also of a Share in any of the Stocks or bunds before mentioned, or an Annuity or both, or for the Payment of an Annuity, and also of a Share in any of the said Stocks or Funds; the proper ad valorem Duty shall be charged in respect of each:

And where any such Bond as fort*said shall be given as a Security, for the Payment or Transfer, to different Persons, of separate and distiu£l Sums of Money, or Annuities, or Shares in any of the Stocks or Funds before-mentioned; the proper ad valorem Duty shall be charged in reipeci ot each separate and diitiuch Sum of Money, or Annuity, or Share in any of the said Stocks or Funds, therein specified and secured, and not upon the aggregate Amount thereof:

Aud where any Bond in England shall be given as a Security for the Performance of any Covenant or Agreement for the Payment or Transfer of any Sum of Money, or Annuity, or any Share in any of the Stocks or Funds before mentioned; such Bond shall be charged with the same Duty, as if the fame had been immediately given for the Payment or Transfer of such Money or Annuity or Share of the said Stocks or Funds:

And where, in England, any Bond for the Payment or Transfer, or for the Performance of any Covenant for the Payment or Transfer of any Sum of Money or Annuity, or any Share in any of the Stocks or Funds before mentioned, shall be contained in one and the fame Deed or Writing, with any other Matter or Thing, in this Schedule specifically charged with any Duty, (except any Declaration of Trujl of the Money, Annuity, Stock, or Fund secured) — such Deed or Writing shall be charged with the fame Duties as such Bond and other Matter or Thing would have been charged with, if contained in separate Deeds:

J3ut where, in England, a Bond for the Performance of Covenants or Agreements (other than for the Payment or Transfer of any Sum of Money or Annuity, or any Share in any of the said Stocks or Funds) shall be contained in the fame Deed or Writing with any other Matter or Thing; the same shall not be charged separately, but the whole shall be considered as ouc Deed, and be charged accordingly under its proper Denomination.

B. s. d.

ICO

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties.

Bonds of the Royal Exchange and London Aj/urance Corporations, exempted from Stamp Duty, by the A el oj the 6th Year of the Reign of King George the First, under which ! they were incorporated:

Bonds and other Securities, exempted from Stamp Duly, by the Act of the 26th Tear of Jiispresent Ma) eft if s Reign, or any other Act now in force for the Encouragement of the British Fisheries:

Bonds, exempted from Stamp Duty, by the Act of the 28 th Year of His present j\I nifty's Reign, or any other Ael now in force, relating to the Exportation of Wool, or any 1 Manufacture thereof, or Fuller's Earth, Fulling Clay, or Tobacco-pipe Clay; or i by the Act of the 29th Year of His Majesty's Reign, or any other Act now in force, relating to the Exportation of Tobacco from His Majesty's Warehouses:

Coast Bonds, or Bonds relating to the carrying of Goods or Merchandize C naff wife, whether the same shall be given pursuant to the dd of the 7>2d Year of His J\'jaj.>, y's Reign, or any other Act now in force, for the Relief of the (loaf Trade of Great \

Britain, or pursuant to the Directions of any Proclamation or Order in Council, by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors:

Bonds and other Securities, exempted from Stamp Duty, by the Act of the 3 yl Tear of '

His AI< fifty's Reign, or any other Act now in force, for the Encouragement of Friendly Societies; I

Administration Bonds, given by the Widow, Child, Father, Mother, Brother, or Sister of any Common Seaman, Marine, or Soldier, who shall be jlaiu or die in the Service of His Majfty, His Heirs or Successors;

Administ ration Bond given by any Person, where the Eft ate to he admini/hred shall not exceed 20l. in Value.

See also the General Exemptions at the End of this Part of the Sch dn/e.

CERTIFICATE to be taken out yearly, by every Person admitted as an Attoruev or Solicitor, in any of His Mmclly's Courts at iVftmi after, or in any of the Courts of the Great;

Sefikms in Wales, or of the Counties Palatine of Chfter, Lancaster, and Durham, or in any other Court in England, holding Picas where the Debt or Damage amounts to Forty

by

0

0

CERTIFICATE — continued. £, s. d.

Shillings; — and by every Person admitted as a Proctor in any of the Ecclesiastical or Admiralty Courts in England; — and by every Person admitted as a Writer to the Signet, or as a Solicitor, Agent, Attorney, or Procurator, in any of the Courts in Scotland; — and by every Person admitted or inrolled as a Notary Publick in England or Scotland; — and also by every Sworn Clerk, Clerk in Court, and other Clerk or Officer in any of the Courts aforesaid, who, in his own Name, or in the Name of any other Person, shall commence, prosecute, carry on, or defend any Action, Suit, Prosecution, or other Proceeding, in any of the Courts aforesaid, or do any Notarial Ait whatever, for or in expectation of any Fee,

Gain, or Reward, as an Attorney, Solicitor, Agent, Proctor, Procuratoi4, or Notary Publick, although not admitted or inrolled as such;

If he shall reside in the City of London, or City of Westminster, or within the Limits of the Two-penny Pott in England, or within the City or Shire of Edinburgh;

And if he shall have been admitted, or been in poiiession of his Office, for the Space of Three Years or upwards -

Or if he shall not have been admitted or been in pofieHion so long If he (Hall reside else where 5

Aud if he shall have been admitted, or been in possession of his Office, for the Space of Three Years or upwards - - -.6

Or if he Hull not have been admitted or been in possession so long - 3

But no one Person is to be obliged to take out more than One Certificate, although he may aft in more than one of the Capacities aforesaid, or in several of the Courts aforesaid.

Exemptions,

All Clerks and Officers of any of the Courts aforesaid, who shall act or be concerned in the Conduct or Management of any ACliony Suits Prosecution9 or other Proceeding, by virtue and in the Execution of their resprClive Offices, or Appointments onj/y and shall not be also retained or employed by any Party to such Action, Suity Prosecution, or other Proceeding, or by any Attorney, Solicitor, Agenty ProCtory or Procurator on behalf of any Party theretoy for or in expectation of any Fee or Reward, other than the ejlablfljed Fees due and payable in respect of their Offices and Appointments.

CERTIFICATE to be taken out yearly % by every Person, being a Member of One of the Four Inns of Court in England, who in the Character of Conveyancer, Special Pleader,

Draftsman in Equity, or otherwise, shall for or in expectation of any Fee, Gain, or Reward, draw or prepare any Conveyance of, or Deed or Instrument relating to, any Estate or Property, Real or Personal, or afly other Deed or Contract whatever, or any Pleadings or Proceedings in any Court of Law or Equity;

If he shall reside in the City of London, or City of Westminster, or within the Limits of the Two-penny Poll in England - - - 10

And if he shall reside elsewhere - 6

Exemptions.

Serjeants at Lawy and Barrijlers:

Attornies, Solicitorsy ProCtors9 and Notaries Pullicky and other Persons aCluig as such by virtue of any Office or Appointment, who shall respectively take out Certificates those Characters:

Publick Officers drawing or preparing Deeds or other Instruments, by virtue, of their Offices, and in the course of their official Duty only, and not otherwise

CERTIFICATE of Admission to Degrees in the Universities — See Testimonial.

CERTIFICATE of Marriage, except of any common Seaman, Marine % or Soldier - - o 5 0

CERTIFICATE of any Person's having received the Holy Sacrament - - - O 5 0

CERTIFICATE of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, having been duly entered inwards, which shall be entered outwards for Exportation, at the Port of Importation, or be removed from thence to any other Port, for the more convenient Exportation thereof from Great Britain; where such Certificate shall be issued, for enabling any Person to obtain a Debenture or Certificate, entitling him to receive any Drawback of any Duty or Duties of Customs, or any Part thereof — See also Debenture - - - 0 4 O

CHARTER of Resignation, or of Confirmation, or of Novodamus, or upon Apprising, or upon a Decreet of Adjudication or Sale, of any Lands, or other Heritable Subject* in Scotland, holden of any Subject Superior«- - - - © 7

And where the same shall contain 2160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1080 Words* a further progressive Duty of» - 07°

o 0 0 o

CHARTER-PARTY, or any Agreement or Contra& for the Charter of any Ship or Vessel, or any Memorandum, Letter, or other Writing, between the Captain, Mailer, or Owner of any Ship or Vessel, and any other Person, for or relating to the Freight or Conveyance of anyr Money, Goods, or Ene&s, on board of such Ship or Vessel -

And where the fame, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of icSo Words contained therein, over and above the first 1080 Words, a further progressive Duty of -

CLERKSHIP, Articles or Contract of — See Apprenticeship, Articles. COLLATION, by any Archbishop or Bishop, to any Ecclesiastical Benefice, Dignity, or Promotion, in England, of the yearly Value of Ten Pounds or upwards in the King's Books -

COLLATION, by any Archbishop or Bishop, to any other Ecclesiastical Benefice, Dignity, or Promotion whatsoever, in England

COLLATION, Inilitution, or Admission, by any Pryfbytery or other competent Authority, to any Ecclesiastical Benefice in Scotland -

COMMISSION, granted by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or by any Person or Persons duly authorized by him or them, to any Officer in the Army, or in the Corps of Royal Marines -

Exemptions front the preceding and all other Stamp Duties.

Commisslons granted to Officers of Yeomanry Cavalry, or Volunteer dnfintry.

COMMISSION, granted by the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, of the United Kingdom, to any Officer in the Navy COMMISSION, or Deputation, granted by the Commissioners of Customs or Excise COMMISSION, appointing any Person Receiver General of the Land and other Taxes, for any County or District in Great Britain -

COMMISSION, appointing any Manager or Director, Managers or Directors, of or concerning any Lottery or Lotteries to be drawn pursuant to A Cl of Parliament COMMISSION to act as a Notary Publick in Scotland. — See Faculty.

COMMISSION, in the Nature of a Power of Attorney in Scotland.

- See Letter of Attorney. COMPOSITION — Deed or other Instrument of Corr.position, between a Debtor or Debtors, and his, her, or their Creditors -

And where the fame, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter, put or indorsed theron or annexed thereto, shall contain 2160 Words or upwards, then, for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1080 Words, a further progressive Duty of -

CONDITIONAL Surrender of any Copyhold or Customary Estate, by way of Mortgage.

- See Mortgage.

CONSTAT of Letters Patent — Sec Exemplification.

CONVEYANCE, whether Grant, AfUgnment, Transfer, Release, Renunciation, or of any -other Kinder Description whatsoever, upon the Sale of any Lands, Tenements, Rents, Annuities, or other Property, real or personal, heritable or moveable, or of any Right, Title, Interest, or Claim, in, to, out of, or upon, any Lands, Tenements, Rents, Annuities, or other Property : — That is to say, for and in respeifl of the principal or only Deed or Instrument, whereby the Lands or other Thing fold shall be granted, afligued, transferred, released, renounced, or otherwise conveyed to, or veiled in, the Purchaser or Pure!Lifers, or any other Person or Persons, by his, her, or their Direction;

Where the Purchase or Consideration Money, therein or thereupon expressed, shall not amount to 50l. -

And where the same shall amount to 50l. and not amount to 150l.

And where the same shall amount to 1 50l. and not amount to 3C0l.

And where the same shall amount to 300l. and not amount to 500l.

And where the same shall amount to 50; !. and not amount to 750l.

And where the same shall amount to 750l. and not amount to i.ooool.

And where the same shall amount to 1, 000l. and not amount to 2, ocoI.

And where the same shall amount to 2, ocol. and not amount to 3, ooool.

And where the same shall amount to 3, ooool. and not amount to 4, 000l.

And where the same shall amount to 4, 000b and not amount to 5, 000l.

And whe»e the same shall amount to 5, 000l. and not amount to 7, 5001.

And where the same shall amount to 7, 5001. and not amount to 10, 000l.

And where the same shall amount to 10, 000l. and not amount to 15, 0001.

And where the same shall amount to 15, 000l. and not amount to 2o, ooooU

I.

1100

1 o o 20 o o

IOOOO

2 0 0

1 10 o

050 I 10 o

20 O O 20 O Q

I 10 O

X O ©

- 0 15 0

t 0 0

- 1 10 0

2 10 0

- 5 0 0

m - - 7 10 6

- 13 0 0

- 23 0 0

- 0 0

- m 4° 0 0

- 53 0 0

- 75 0 0

m - loo 0 0

m , 15* 0 0

CONVEYANCE — continued.

And where the same shall amount to 20, ooool. and not amount to 30, 0001.

And where the same shall amount to 30, 0001. and not amount to 40, 0001.

And where the same shall amount to 40, 00c!. and not amount to 50, 0001.

And where the same shall amount to 50, 000l. or upwards

And where any Freehold Lands or Hereditaments in England shall be conveyed by a Deed of Feoffment^ with or without any Letter or Letters of Attorney therein contained to deliver or receive Seisin, or by a Deed of Bargain and Sals inrolled; inch Deed of Feoffment or Bargain and Sale, unless accompanied with a Lease and Re-lease, shall be charged with a further Duty as follows:

If the Purchase or Consideration Money, therein or thereupon expressed shall be under 50l.

If it shall amount to 5ol. and not amount to 150.

If it shall amount to 1501. or upwards

But if there shall be both a Feoffment and a Bargain and Sale inrolled, then the said further Duty shall not attach on either.

Note. — The Purchase or Consideration Money is to be truly expressed and set forth, in Words at length, in or upon every such principal or only Deed or Instrument of Conveyance.

And where any Lands or other Property, contrafted to be sold at one entire Price for the whole, shall he conveyed, in separate Parts or Parcels, by different Inltru-ments, the Purchase or Consideration Money shall be divided and apportioned, irt such Manner as the Parties shall think fit, so that a distinct Consideration, for each separate Part or Parcel, may be set forth in or upon the principal or only Instrument of Conveyance relating thereto.

And where any Lands or other Property, shall be sold and conveyed, subject to any Mortgage, Bond, or other Debt, or to any gross or entire Sum of Money, to be afterwards paid by the Purchaser, such Debt or Sum of Money shall he deemed Part of the Consideration, in respect whereof the said act valorem Duty is to be paid.

And to prevent Doubts, respecting what shall be deemed the principal Deed or Instrument of Conveyance, in certain Cases, it is hereby declared;

That where any Lands or Hereditaments, in England, shall be conveyed by Bargain and Sale inrolled, and also by Lease and Release, or Feoffment with or without any such Letter or Letters of Attorney therein contained as aforesaid; the Re-lease or Feoffment shall he deemed the principal Deed; and the Bargain and Sale shall be charged only with the Duty hereby imposed on Deeds in general. — (See Deed) — hut the same shall not be inrolled or be available, unless also stamped for teflifying the Payment of the ad valorem Duty on the Release or Feoffment, as directed by this Act.

And where any Lands or Hereditaments shall be conveyed by Lease and Release, and also by FeofTment, with or without any such Letter or Letters of Attorney therein contained as aforesaid; the Release shall be deemed the principal Deed; and the Feoffment shall be charged only with the Duty hereby imposed on Deeds in general. — (See DeedJ — but the same shall not be available, unless also stamped for teflifying the Payment of the ad valorem Duty on the Release, as directed by this Act.

And where any Copyhold or Customary Estate shall be conveyed, by a Deed of Bargain and Sale, by the Commissioners named in a Commission of Bankrupt, or by Executors, or others, hv virtue of a Power given by Will, or by Act of Parliament, the Deed of Bargain and Sale shall be deemed the principal Instrument.

And in other Cases of Copyhold or Customary Estates, the Surrender, or Voluntary Grant, or the Memorandum thereof respectively, if made out of Court, or the Copy of Court Roll of the Surrender, or Voluntary Grant, if made in Court, shall be deemed the principal Instrument.

And where, in Scotland, there shall be a Disposition or Assignation, executed by the Seller, and any other Instrument or Instruments to complete the Title, the Disposition or Assignation shall be deemed the principal Instrument.

And where, upon the Sale of any Annuity or other Right not before in Exigence, the same shall not be created by actual Grant or Conveyance, but shall only he secured by Bond, Warrant of Attorney, Covenant, Contract, or otherwise; the Bond or other Instrument, by which the same shall be secured, or some one of such Instruments, if there be more than one, shall he deemed and taken to be liable to the same Duty as an actual Grant or Conveyance.

£. s. d.

2: 0 0 0

3"° 0 0

400 0 0

5 00 0 0

0 15

1 o 1 10

SCHEDULE, PAR.T 1.

Duty.

CONVEYANCE — continued.

And where the principal or only Deed or Instrument of Conveyance, (except the Surrender or Voluntary Grant out of Courts or the Memorandum thereof, or the Copy of Court Roll of a Surrender or Voluntary Grant in Court, of any Copyhold or Customary Eft ate) together v. ith any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter, put or j indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2160 Words or upwards, 1*then for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over and above t

the fu ll 1080 Words, a further prognjfive Duty of -

And where any such Surrender or Voluntary Grant out of Court, or the Memorandum thereof, or the Copy of Court Roll of a Surrender or Voluntary Grant in Court, of any Copyhold or customary Estate, shall be the principal or only In-j ilrmnent of Conveyance, and shall, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or' other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, contain 2160 Words j or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over and above the jirfl 1080 Words, a further progressive Duty of - -1

And where there shall be several Deeds or Instruments for completing the Title to the Property (old; such of them, as are not liable to the said act valorem Duty, shall be charged with the Duty, to which the fame may be liable, under any general or particular Description of such Deeds or Instruments contained in this Schedule*

Exemptions from the preceding Duties on Conveyances upon the Sale of Lauds, life*

Sill Leases and Tacks of Lands, Hereditaments, or heritable Subjects, for a Life or Lives, or for a Term of Tears, determinable with a Life or Jives, or for a Term absolute, not exceeding Ninety-nine Years, in confide ration of a Fine or Grajfum paid for the same j which Leases and Tacks are herein after otherwif charged.

All voluntary Grantsy made by the Lord or Lady of any Manor, of any Copyhold or Customary Lands or Hereditaments, for a Life or Lives, for a pecuniary Conji- deration, and the Copies of Court Roll of such voluntary Grants; which Grants I and Copies are herein after otherwise charged. I

All Surrenders and other Instruments, relating only to Copyhold or Customary FJlates, whofr ] clear yearly Value shall not exceed 20 s. which are herein-aj'ter other wise charged. j

All Transfers of Shares in the Stock and Funds of the Governor and Company of the j Bank of England, and of the South Sea and East India Companies; which are herein after other wise charged.

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties, except the Duty on the Receipt for the

Confide ration Money.

Conveyances of Rents furchafed under the Att of the 34 th Year of His Majesty's Reign, c. 75, for the better Management of the Land Revenue of the Crown, and for the Sale of Fee Farm and other unimp rove able Rents, upon fulsequent Sales thereof by the Purchasers or their Heirs or Assigns, to the Owners of the Lands or other Hereditaments, out of which (he fame are payable; where the Confide rati on Money to be paid on such fulsequent Sales shall not exceed the Sum of \ol.

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties.

AH Transfers of Shares in any of the Government or Parliamentary Steels or Funds.

For other Exemptions, fee the Titles, Grant, Lease, and at the End of this Part of the Schedule.

CONVEYANCE of Lands and Rents belonging to the Crown. — See Grant.

CONVEYANCE of any Eft ate or Property, in trull for Sale, which shall be intended only as a Security for Money or Stuck. — See Mortgage.

CONVEYANCE of the Equity or Right of Redemption or Reversion of Lands or other Property, to a Purchaser, in the fame Deed with a Mortgage, Wadset, or other Security made thereupon. — See Mortgage.

CONVEYANCE of any Kind whatever, not other wise charged in this Schedule, nor expressly exempted from all Stamp Duty -

Anil where the fame, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1080 Words, a further progressive Duty of

COPY, attested to be a true Copy, in the Form which hath been commonly used for that Purpose, or in any other Manner authenticated or declared to be a true Copy, or made for the Purpose of being given in evidence as a true Copy, of any Agreement, Contract, 13ond,

x'5

1 zo o

COPY — continued.

Deed or oilier Tnflnmient of Conveyance, pi a; iy other Deed whatever, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, or of a.iy Part thereof respectively;

Where stich a Copy shall he made for the Security or Use of any Person, being a Party to, or taking any Benefit or Ii it ere ft immediately under, such Agreement, Contrail, Bond, Deed or other Instrument

And if the same shall contain 1440 Words (being the Amount of Twenty Common Law .Folios or Sheets of Seventy-two Words each) or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 720 Words (or Ten Common Law Folios or Sheets' contained therein, over and above the full 720 Words, a further progressive Duty of

v And where any such Copy shall he made, for the Security or Use of any Person, not

being a Party to, or taking any Benefit or Interest immediately under, such Agreement, Contract, Bond, Deed or other Instrument And for every entire Quantity of 720 Words contained therein, over and above the {ti ll 720 Words, a further progressive Duty of -

And all Copies, which shall at any Time be offered in Evidence, shall be deemed to have been made for that Purpose.

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties.

/Hi Copies attested or authenticated as aforesa'uly which shall he made for the private Use only of any Person having the Cujiody of the original Jnjiruments, or of his or her Courfel, Attorney, or Solicitor.

COPY, attested or authenticated as aforesaid, or made for the Purpose of being given in Evidence as a true Copy, of any original Will, Testament, or Codicil; or of the Probate or Probate Copy of any Will or Codicil; or of any Letters of Administration; or of any Confirmation of a Ttjlament testamentary or dative, or of any Part thereof respectively

And for every entire Quantity of 720 Words, contained in any such Copy, over and above the first 720 Words, a furtherprogrffive Duty of And all Copies, which shall at any Time be offered in Evidence, shall be deemed to have been made for that Purpose.

Office COPY or Extract of any Will or Codicil, deposited in any Ecclesiastical Court in England -

And For every entire Quantity of 90 Words, contained in any such Copy or Extract, over and above the first 90 Words, a further progressive Duty of -

COPY or Extract of any Memorial, or of the Registerof any Memorial, registered pursuant to any A£i of Parliament, made or to be made, for the publick registering of Deeds and Conveyances, in England -

And for every Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, upon which any" such Copy or Extract shall be written, after the first, a further progressive Duty of COPY or Extra<5l of any Deed, or of any other Instrument not falling under tf>e Description of Law Proceedings y which shall be made or taken from the Rolls or Records of ary ot His Majesty's Courts at IV stminster -

And for every Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, upon which any such Copy or Extract shall be written, after the first, a further progressive Duty of AttefedQOVY or Extract, of any Deed, Instrument, or Writing, given out from any Publick Register, or from the Books or Records of any Comt, in Scotland

And where the same shall contain more than 1296 Words, then for every entire Quantity of 1296 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1296 Words, a further progressive Duty of

And for any less Quantity of Words contained therein, over and above the first 1296 Words, or over and above any second, third, or other full Quantity of 1296 Words, a further Duty of -

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties

Extra fts of the Decrees of Courtsy other than such formal Decrees of Regiflration as are usually annexed to the Extrads of Writings.

Copies or Extrads of Proteflsy upon Bills or Promissory Notes, for any Sum under Forty Shillings sterling.

Extrads of Commissions of Persons ns Delegates or Representatives to the General Affemlly, or to any Prefhytery or Church Courty in Scotland; and of Commissions of Delegates to the Convention of Royal Burghs; and of Commissions of Delegates from any Royal Burgh for the Eledian of Members of Parliament.

0 10 9

0 10 0

1 0

1 0

010

0 1

I o

2 0

2 0

0 2 0

2 0

0 2 0

COPYHOLD Estates; and Customary Estates passing by Surrender and Admittance, or by Admittance only, and not by Deed; — Instruments relating thereto, not other wise charged under the Head of Mortgage, or of Conveyance upon the Sale of Lands, — viz.

Any Surrender made out of Court, or the Memorandum thereof; — where the clear yearly Value of the Elf ate shall exceed Twenty Shillings And where the same shall not exceed Twenty Shillings See also Conveyance upon the Sale of Lands, &c, and Mortcage.

Any Admittance out of Court, or the Memorandum thereof; — where the clear yearly Value of the Estate shall exceed Twenty Shillings -

And where the same shall not exceed Twenty Shillings

And where both a Surrender and Admittance, or more than one Surrender or Admittance, or the Memorandum thereof, shall be contained in the fame Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, the said Duties shall be paid, in respcifl of t.*ach Surrender and each Admittance.

And where any such Surrender or Admittance, or the Memorandum thereof, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over and above the firit 1080 Words, a furtherprogrejjlve Duty of -

The Copy of Court Roll of any Surrender made in Court; — where the clear yearly Value of the Estate shall exceed Twenty Shillings -

And where the same shall not exceed Twenty Shillings See also Conveyance upon the Sale of Lands, iy c. and Mortgage.

The Copy of Court Roll of any Admittance in Court; — where the clear yearly Value of the Estate shall exceed Twenty Shillings -

And where the same shall not exceed Twenty Shillings

And where Copies of both a Surrender and Admittance, or of more than »onc Surrender or Admittance, shall be contained in the fame Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, the said Duties shall be paid, in respect of each Surrender and each Admittance, except in the Case of a Recovery herein after provided for.

And where the Copy of any such Surrender or Admittance, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over and above the full 1080 Words, a furtherprogressive Duty of The Copy of Court Roll of the several Surrenders, Admittances, and other Acts, which shall take place in Court, for the Purpose of perfecting a Common Recovery of any entailed Copyhold or Customary Ellate; from the Surrender to make a Tenant to the Praecipe, down to the Admittance of the Tenant in Tail, in fee, or to the Admittance for Life of the former Tenant for Life, with Remainder to the Tenant in Tail, in fee, upon the Surrender of the Demandant, both inclusive; or from the Surrender to make a Tenant to the Prxcipe, inclusive, to the Admittance of the Tenant in Tail, or Tenant for Life, otherwise than as aforesaid, or to the Admittance of any other Person, upon the .Surrender of the Demandant, exclusive; — where the clear yearly Value of the Estate shall j exceed Twenty Shillings -

£. t. d.

o 15 o

o s 0

01 s Q o s 0

o 15

O 15 O 050

015

050

o 15 <1

And where the same shall not exceed Twenty Shillings

And if the Copy of Court Roll of any other Admittance or Surrender, Admittances or Surrenders, shall be contained in the fame Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, with the Copy of Court Roll of the several Surrenders, Admittances, and other Acts for the Purpose aforesaid; the same shall be charged with such and the same Duty or Duties, as if the fame had been written upon a separate Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, over and above the said Duties hereby imposed on the Copy of Court Roll of the Recovery.

Any Voluntary Grant by the Lord or Lady, or Steward, of any Manor, made out of Court, or the Memorandum thereof, with or without Admittance thereon; — where the clc.ir yearly Value of the Estate shall exceed Twenty Shillings

' Five Time*, 0150 Five Tune* 05O

And where the same shall not exceed Twenty Shillings See also Conveyance upon the Sale of Lands} lye. and Mortgage. 43 Geo. III. 4 K

I!

T wiee 015# 7'wice ° 5

COPYHOLD — continued.

The Co? y of Court Roll of any Voluntary Grant made in Court, by flhe Lord or Lady, or Steward, of any Manor, with or without Admittance thereon -where the plear yearly Value of the Estate shall exceed Twenty Shillings

Duty.

A -

Twice 0 15 0

T wice 050

o 15 0

And where the same shall not exceed Twenty Shillings

See also Conveyance upon the Sale of Lands, &c. and Mortgage.

And where any Voluntary Grant, or the Memorandum, or Copy of Court Roll thereof, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter put or in-dorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2160 Words or upwards, then for ever)' entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1080 Words, a further prngrejfive Duty of Any Licence to demise, or the Memorandum thereof, if granted out of Court; and the Copy of Court Roll of any Licence to demise, if granted in Court 5 — where the clear yearly Value of the Estate shall exceed Twenty Shillings - o 15 And where the same shall not exceed Twenty Shillings - - 0 5

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties, J

Original Surrenders out of Court to the Uses of a Will. or to a Trustee for the Uses or Purposes of a Will.

The Court Rolls or Books of any Manor, wherein the Proceedings relating thereto Shalt be entered or minuted.

See also the General Exemptions at the End of this Part of the Schedule.

DEBENTURE or Certificate, for entitling any Person to receive any Drawback of any Duty or Duties, or Part of any Duty or Duties, of Customs or Excise, or any Bounty payable out of the Revenue of Customs or Excise, for or in respect of any Goods, Wares, or I Merchandize, exported or shipped to be exported, from Great Britain to any Part beyond the Seas -

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties.

/Ill Debentures or Certif cates for Bounty, which were heretofore exempted from Stamp Duty by any Act or Acts of Parliament, granting a Bounty on the Exportation of Linens or Sail Cloth.

DECLARATION of any Use or Trust, Uses or Trusts, of or concerning any Estate or Property, real or personal, where made by any Writing, not being a Deed or Will

And where the fame, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1080 Words, a further progressive Duty of If made by Deed. — See Deed.

DEED, whereby any leal Burden shall be declared or created on Lands or heritable Subjects in Scotland. — See Mortgage, Disposition.

DEED containing an Obligation to infeft any Person, in heritable Subjects in Scotland, under a Clause of Reversion, as a Security for Money, but without any personal Bond or Obligation therein for Payment of the Money intended to be secured. — See Mortgage.

DEED of any Kind whatever, not otherwise charged in this Schedule, nor expressly exempted from all Stamp Duty -

And where the fame, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of ic8o Words contained therein, over and above the first. 1080 Words, a further progressive Duty of DEFEAZANCE. — Deed or other Instrument of Defeazance, of any Conveyance, Dispofi-tion, Assignation, or Tack, apparently absolute, but intended only as a Security for Money or Stock. — See Mortgage.

DEPUTATION by the Commissioners of Customs or Excise. — See Commission, DEPUTATION or Appointment of a Gamekeeper -

DISCHARGE for Money. — See Receipt.

DISPENSATION, for holding two Ecclesiastical Dignities or Benefices, or a Dignity and a Benefice, in England; where either of them shall be above the yearly Value of Ten Pounds in the King's Books -

And in all other Cases -

DISPENSATION of any other Kind, from the Archbishop of Canterbury, or the Master of the Faculties for the Time being, or from the Guardian of the Spiritualties during a Vacancy of the Archbishop's See -

o 4 0

1 10 o

i 0 0

1 10 o

1 0 o

1 10 o>

3°

20

3°

DISPOSITION of Lands or heritable Subjects, in Scotland, to singular Successors or Purchasers. — See Conveyance.

DISPOSITION of Lands or other heritable Subjects in Scotland', to a Purchaser, containing a Clause, declaring all or any Part of the Purchase Money, a real Durden upon or affecting the Lands or heritable Subjects thereby dilponed, or any Part thereof:

Such Disposition shall be charged, not only with the ad valorem andprogre/five Duties herein-before charged on a Conveyance upon the Sale of Lands or heritable Subjects in Scotland, but also with the ad valorem Duty herein after charged on any Deed creating a real Burden on Lands in Scotland, — Sec Conveyance, Mortgage.

DISPOSITION in Security, in Scotland, — See Mortgage.

DISPOSITION of any Wadset, heritable Bond, &c. — Sec Mortgage.

DISPOSITION of any Lands or other Property, heritable or moveable, in Scotland, or of any Right or Interest therein, not tibcrivtfe charged in this Schedule

And where the fame, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over and above the firit 1080 Words, a further progressive Duty of DOCQUET, made on passing under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, any Grant, Letters Patent, Exemplification, Confiat, or other Instrument, requiring a Docquct DONATION, by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or by any other Patron,

Of urv Ecclesiastical Benelice, Dignity, or Promotion, in England, of the yearly Value of Ten Pounds or upwards in the Ring's Books Of any other Ecclesiastical Benefice, Dignity, or Promotion whatsoever, in England DRAFT for Money. — See Bill of Exchange.

EIK to a Reversion. — See Mortgage.

EXCHANGE of .Lands, or other Hereditaments or heritable Subjects, whether any Sum of Money shall be paid for Equalit y of Exchange or not -

And where the fame, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2 i<o Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1080 Words, a further progressive Duty of EXEMPLIFICATION or Conilat, under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, of any Letters Patent or Chant, made or to be made by His Majesty, His Eleirs or Successors, or by any of His Royal Predecessors, of any Honour, Dignity, Promotion, Franchise, Liberty, or Privilege, or of any Lands, Office or other Thing whatsoever;

For every Skin, Sheet, or Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, upon which any such Exemplification or Conltat shall be written -

EXTRACTS from Regilfers and Records in England and Scotland, — See Copy.

FACTORY, in the Nature of a Power of Attorney in Scotland, — See Letter of Attorney. FACULTY, Licence, or Corrunifiion, for admitting or authorizing any Person to act as a Notary Publick in England -

FACULTY, Licence, or Commission, for admitting or authorizing any Person to act as a Notar)r Publick in Scotland -

FACULTY from the Archbishop of Canterbury, or the Mailer of the Faculties for the Time being, or from the Guardian of the Spiritualties during a Vacancy of the Archbishop's See, not olhertvifc charged -

FEOFFMENT of Lands or other Hereditaments, in England, upon the Sale or Mortgage thereof. — See Conveyance-Mortgage. I

FEOFFMENT of Lands or other Hereditaments, in England, not othernvife charged - I

And where the same shall contain any Letter or Letters of Attorney to deliver or j receive Seilin, a further Duty of -

And where the fame, together with any such Letter or Letters of Attorney, and any; Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1 380 I Words contained therein, over and above the firit 1080 Words, a further progressive Duty of -

FURTHER CHARGE. — vSee Mortgage. j

GIFT of Ultimus Hieres, Baltardy, Escheat, or Forfeiture, in Scotland, — J6ee Grant. -GIFT of the vacant Stipend of any Parish in Scotland, w hereof the Presentation to the Church ( shall belong to the Crown -

GRANT or Letters Patent, under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain j and Ireland, or the Seal of the Duchy or County Palatine of l.ancafler, or under the Seal j kept and used in Scotland in place of the Great Seal formerly used there \

1 10

20

10

o

o

I 10 o

o ©

3°

20 O

30

I 10 o

I 10

4 K 2

GRANT — continued. v

Of the Honour or Dignity of a Duke

- of a Marquis -

- of an Earl

- of a Viscount -

- of a Baron

- of a Baronet

Of a Conge d'clire, to any Dean and Chapter, for the Election of an Archbishop or Bishop -

Of the Royal Assent to or Signification of the Elc&ion made by any Dean and Chapter, or of the Nomination and Presentation by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, in default of such Election, of any Person to be an Archbishop or Bishop -

Of or for the Restitution of the Temporalties to any Archbishop or Bishop Of any other Honour, Dignity, or Promotion whatsoever, or of any Franclrrfe, Liberty, or Privilege, to any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate -

And where two or more Honours or Dignities shall be granted by the fame Letters Patent to the same Person, such Letters Patent shall be charged with the proper Duty in respect of the highest in point of Rank only.

And where any Honour or Dignity, Honours or Dignities, shall be granted to any Person or Persons, in remainder, the Letters Patent Hull he charged with such further Duty, in respect of every Remainder, as would have been payable for an original Grant of the fame Honour or Dignity, Honours or Dignities.

And where any such Grant or Letters Patent shall be contained in more than one Skin, Sheet, or Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, then for every Skin, Sheet, or Piece thereof, after the first, a furtherprogrejjive Duty of x

e. d.

200 0 0

200 0 0

200 0 0

150 0 0

100 0 0

5° 0 0

20 0 0

20 0 0

20 0 0

20 0 0

20 0 c

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties*

Commissions of Rebellion in Procrfs:

letters Patent or Briefs for collecting Charitable Benevolences;

Letters Patent for confirming any Dispcnfition hcrchi-l ej'ure charged with a Dufy.

GRANT, or Warrant ot Precedence to take Rank, under the Sign Manual of His Majestr, His Heirs or Successors, -

GRANT or Licence to take and use a Name and Arms, or either of them -

GRANT, Lease, or Tack, under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain j and Ireland, or the Seal of the Exchequer m England, or the Seal of the Duchy or County 1 Palatine of Lancaster, or the Seal kept and 11 fed in Scotland, in place of the Great Seal formerly used there; or under the Privy Seal in England, or the Quarter Seal or Privy Seal in Scotland, unless directed to the Great Seal; or under the Royal Sign Manual of I His Majesty, His Heirs, or Successors, unless directed to any of the Seals aforesaid;

Of any Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or heritable Subjects, whatever the Tenure tljereof may be, which have or shall come to His Majesty, His Heirs or ,Successors, by Escheat or Forfeiture, or by reason of the fame being purchased by or for any Alien; or which His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, is or shall be otherwise entitled to, in right of the Crown, and be authorized to dispolc of, absolutely, as he or they shall think fit; whether such Grant, Lease, or Tack, shall be in fee or fee tail, or for Term of Life or Years;

Or of any Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or heritable Subjects belonging to the Duchy of Lancaster, or belonging to the Crown in Scotland, whereof His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, is or shall be authorized to make only certain limited Grants, Leases, or Tacks j whether such Grant, Lease, or Tuck, shall be for Term of Life or Years;

Or of any Goods, Chattels, or personal or moveable Estate, or other Profit, whereof the Grant is not otherwise charged in this Schedule;

Where such Grant, Lease, or Tack shall be intended to operate in any Degree, as a Gift, except in the Cases next herein after mentioned, then for every Skin, Sheet, or Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, upon which the same shall be written, a Duty of -

And where any such Grant, Lease, or Tack, operating as a Gift, shall be of Lands or other Hereditaments, or heritable Subjects, veiled in His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, by Escheat, for want of Heirs of any Person, who was a bare Trustee thereof, or seized into the Hands of the Crown upon any Outlawry, in a Civil Action, at the Suit of any of His Majesty's Subjects

And if the fame, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2160 Words

20 0 0 1000

20 00

1 10 0

GRANT — continued.

or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1080 Words, a further progressive Duty of -

And where any such Grant, Lease, or Tack, shall be made for what shall be deemed and intended as a full and adequate Confderation for the fame, either in Money paid at once, or in Rent, or in Lands or Hereditaments given in Exchange, or otherwise -

GRANT, or Conveyance, under the Seal of1 the Duchy of Lancaster, made in pursuance of the Act passed in the 19th Year of His Majesty's Reign, c. 45. for enabling the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy, to fell certain Rents, and to enfranchise Copyhold and Customary Tenements within their Survey -

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties, except the Duty cn the Receipt for the Confuleration Money.

All Grants and Conveyances under the Seal of the Duchy of Lancaster, made in pursuance of the said Atl of the U)th Tear of liis Majesty's Reign, where the Confuleration Money paid for the same shall not exceed iol.

GRANT, Lease or other Conveyance, from His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any personal Estate, being respectively the private Property of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, and subject to His or their absolute Disposal, by virtue of the Act passed in the th Year of His Majesty's Reign, concerning the Disposition of certain real and personal Property of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors -

GRANT under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland\ or the Seal kept and used in Scotland in place of the Great Seal formerly used there; or under the Privy Seal in England, or the Quarter Seal or Privy Seal in Scotland, Unless directed to the Great Seal; or under the Sign Manual of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, unless directed to any of the Seals aforesaid; out of the Civil List, either of England 05 Scotland, or out of any other Fund, not being Part of the Supplies of the Year, or appropriated by Parliament;

Of any definite and certain Sum or Sums of Money,

Not amounting to iool.

Amounting to iool. and not amounting to 25c!.

Amounting to 250J. and not amounting to 500l.

Amounting to 5001, and not amounting to 750l.

Amounting to 750l. and not amounting to i, ooool.

Amounting to 1, cod. or upwards j for every col. thereof Or of any Annuity or Penfon,

Not amounting to iool. per Annum -

Amounting to rod. and not amounting to 200l. per Annum

Amounting to 2cd. and not amounting to 400l. per Annum

Amounting to 400l. and not amounting to 600l. per Annum

Amounting to 6001. and not amounting to 8col. per Annum

Amounting to Scol. and not amounting to i, ooool. per Annum Amounting to i, ocol. per Annum, or upwards Cut where any such Grant of an Annuity or Pcnlion shall be made in confirmation or by way of Renewal only, of any former Grant of the like Amount and Description, then only a Duty of -

And where fever? 1 and distinct Annuities or Pensions shall be granted to or for the Benefit of different Persons by the fame Instrument, the proper Duty shall be charged in respect of each Annuity or Pension; but where the Grant shall be of any Annuity or Pension, to or for the Benefit of Two or more Persons jointly, the Duty shall be charged in respect of the whole. grant, or Appointment by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or by any other Person or Persons, Body Politick or Corporate, cf or to any Office or Employment, by Letters Patent, Deed, or other Writing;

Where the Salary, Fees, and Emoluments appertaining thereto, shall not taount to 50l. per Annum -

£, s. d.

I 00

-Thc fume Duty as on a Grant, Lease j or lark oj lhr like De-

j paiplion, made by any' of It is I Majy,'s &ui-

The J'uvie Duty as for any other Comeyaut upon the Calc of any Property, for a CorjithtOr tion rj tire tike Amount.

- See Convey. h aN'C E.

The pune D ify as on a Gra/it, LenJ'e, or Conveyance of the like Dtfiription, f 'l iti any of Ihs Majesty's Subjects.

I

4 10

20

3°

5

10

o

o

o

o

o

1 xo 4

10

20

30

40

5°

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

I XO Qt -

X 20 O

3

5

10

20

30

40

5o

75

too

150

GRANT — continued.

And where the same shall amount to 50l. and not amount to 100l. per Annum And where the same shall amount to iool. and not Amount to 200l. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 200l. and not amount to 300l. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 300l. and not amount to 500l. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 500l. and not amount to 750l. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 750l. and not amount to x, ooool. per Annum And where the same shall amount to ijooool. and not amount to 1, 5001. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 1, 500l. and not amount to 2, ooool, per Annvun And where the same shall amount to 2, ooool. and not amount to 3, 0001. per Annum - And where the fame shall, amount to 3, 000l. per Annum or upwards The said Fees and Emoluments to be estimated according to the Average Amount thereof for three Years preceding, where practicable; and in other Cases, according to the belt Information that can be obtained.

And where any such Grant or Appointment shall be made to or of Two or more Persons jointly, with separate and distinct Salaries, Fees, or Emoluments; the; fame shall be charged with a separate and distin£t Duty, in respect of each Person, according to the Amount of the Salary, Fees, and Emoluments appertaining to such Person.

Provided always, that no Duty shall be charged, in respect of any Person, to whom any Office or Employment shall be granted anew, upon the Revocation of any ( former Grant or Appointment, and who shall have paid a Stamp Duty on any I former Grant or A ppointment, unless he Salary, Fees, and Emoluments apper- tnining to such Person, shall be in any Manner augmented; and in that Case, a; Duty shall be charged, in resptcl of such Person, - only in proportion to the: Amount of the Augmentation.

GRANT by Copy of Court Roll, — See Copyholti. -

GRANT upon the Sale of any Property, not belonging to the Crown. — See Conveyance, j HERITABLE Bond. — See Bono, Mortgage.

INSTITUTION, granted by any Archbishop, Bishop, Chancellor, or other Ordinary, or by any Ecclesiastical Court, in and to any Ecclesiastical Benefice, Dignity, or Promotion, in England i

Where the same shall proceed upon a Presentation

And where it shall proceed upon the Petition of the Patron to be himself admitted and instituted; if the Benefice, Dignity, or Promotion, shall be of the yearly Value of Ten Pounds or upwards, in the King's Books Or if the same shall be of any other Description

But such Petition shall not be liable to any Stamp Duty.

INSTITUTION, by any Presbytery or other competent Authority, to Ecclesiastical Benefices, in Scotland. — See Collation.

INVENTORY. — See Schedule.

LAND TAX. In liniments relating to the Redemption and Sale thereof. — See the General Exemptions at the End of this Part of the Schedule.

LEASES, or Tacks of Lands, &c. belonging to His Majesty, in Right of the Crown, or otherwise. — See Grant.

LEASES, or Tacks of Lands, See. not belonging to His Majesty, viz.

LEASE (or Bargain and Sale) for a Year. — See Bargain and Salk.

LEASE, or Tack of any Lands, Hereditaments, or heritable Subjects, for a Term not exceeding Twenty-one Years, at a yearly Rent of iol. or lefr, and without any Fine or Grailum paid for the same -

LEASE, or Tack of any Lands, Hereditaments, or heritable Sub]e£U for a Life or Lives, or for a Term of Years determinable with a Life or Lives, or for a Term absolute, not exceeding Forty Years, in consideration of a Fine or Grailum paid for the same, not ex- cecding Twenty Pounds;

If the Rent reserved or stipulated shall not exceed Forty Shillings And if the Rent reserved or stipulated shall exceed Forty Shillings

LEASE, or Tack of iJny Kind, not other wise charged in this Schedule

And for the Counterpart or Duplicate of any Lease or Tack, hereby charged with a Duty of il. the like Duty of -

And for the Counterpart or Duplicate of any other Lease or Tack whatsoever And where any such Lease or Tack, Counterpart, or Duplicate as aforesaid, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1080 Words, a further progressive Duty of -

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

d.

0

o

0

0

0

o

0

0

0

0

III

Jr

i!7

2 0 0

10 0

X 0 0

x 10

LEASE — continued\

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties.

Leases or Tach of wafe or uncultivated Lands, to any poor or labouring Persons, for any Term not exceeding three Lives, or Ninety-nine Tears, where the Fine shall not exceed Five Shillings, «<?/* reserved Rent One Guinea per Annum; and the Counterparts or Duplicates of all such Leases.

LETTER, or Power of Attorney, made by any Petty Officer, Seaman, Marine, or Soldier serving as a Marine, for receiving Prize Money LETTER, or Power of Attorney, of any other Kind, or Commission or Fadory in the Nature thereof -

And where the fame, together with any Schedule, or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1080 Words, a furtherprogrc/Jive Duty of LETTER of Licence from Creditors to a Debtor -

And where the fame, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2i6oWords or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1080 Words, a further progrfive Duty of LETTERS of Marque and Reprisal LETTERS Patent. — See Grant.

LETTER of REVERSION, in Scotland. — See Mortgage.

LICENCE for Marriage, in England, if Special -

- if not Special

LICENCE to be granted by any Archbishop, Bishop, Vicar-General, or other competent Authority, in England, for the Non-rehdence of any Clergyman upon his Living, pursuant to the Act of the 43d Year of His Majesty's Reign LICENCE of any Kind, not otherwise charged in this Schedule, which shall pass the Seal of any Archbishop, Bishop, Chancellor, or other Ordinary, or of any Ecclesnstical Court, in England $ or which shall be granted by any Pre/bytery, or other Ecclesiastical Power, in Scotland -

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties.

Licences to Stipendiary Curates in England, wherein the Annual Amount of the Stipend shall be spec'tfied, and Licences for the Non-Ref dence of Clergymen upon their Livings, where granted on the Ground of there being no House or no ft House of Ref dence thereon.

LICENCE to use and exercise the Calling or Occupation of an Appraiser

To be taken out, yearly, by every Person who shall exercise the said Calling or Occupation, or make any Appraisement or Valuation, herein-before charged with a Duty, for or in expectation of any Gain, Fee, or Reward, except licens d Auctioneers.

LICENCE to be taken out, yearly, by any Banker or Bankers, or other Person or Persons, who shall issue any Promissory Notes for Money, payable to the Bearer on demand, and allowed to be re-issued -

LICENCE to exercise the Faculty of Physick, in London, and within Seven Miles thereof. —

See Admission.

LICENCE to act as a Notary Publick. — See Faculty.

LICENCE to demise Copyhold Lands. — See Copyhold.

MARRIAGE LICENCE — See Licence.

MATRICULATION in the Universities. — See Admission.

MEMORIAL, to be regiflcred pursuant to any Act of Parliament, made or to be made, for the publick registering of Deeds and Conveyances, in England

And for every Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, upon which any such Memorial shall be written, after the first, a further progressive Duty of MEMORIAL, to be registered or inrolled pursuant to Act of Parliament, of any Deed or Instrument, Deeds or Instruments, whereby any Annuity shall be granted or secured, in England -

And for every Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, upon which any such Memorial shall be written, after the first, a furtherprogrejfve Duty of MORTGAGE, Conditional Surrender by way of Mortgage, Further Charge, Wadset, and Heritable Bond; Disposition, Assignation, or Tack, in Security; and Eik to a Reversion; of or affecting any Lands, Estate, or Property, real or personal, heritable or moveable whatsoever;

Also any Deed, containing an Obligation to infeft any Person in an Annual Rent, or io Lands or other heritable Subjects, in Scotland, under a CJaufc of Rever£on, but without

8

Duty. £. s. d.

o

IO

o

o

o

IO

o o

20 o

O 10 9

O IO 9

O O-

620

149-

48° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1808.

i

SCHEDULE, PART I.

Duty.

MORTGAGE — continued. d.

any personal Bond or Obligation therein contained, for Payment of the Money or Stock intended to be secured;

Also any Conveyance of any Lands, Estate, or Property whatsoever, in trust to be sold or otherwise converted into Money, which shall be intended only as a Security, and shall be redeemable before the Sale or other Disposal thereof, either by express Stipulation or otherwise; except where fitch Conveyance shall he made, for the Benefit of Creditors generally y of for the Benefit of Creditors specified, who flail accept the Provision made for Payment of their Debts, in full Satisfaction thereof\ or who flail exceed five in number;

Also any Defeazance, Letter of Reversion, or Back Bond, for defeating or making redeemable any Conveyance, Dispolkion, Assignation, or Tack, of any Lands, Estate, or Property whatsoever, which shall be apparently absolute, but intended only as a Security; '

Alio any Agreement, Contract, or Bond, accompanied with a Deposit of Title Deeds, for making a Mortgage, Wadset, or any such other Security or Conveyance as aforesaid, of any Lands, ERate, or Property comprised in such Title Deeds, or for pledging or charging the same as a Security;

And also any Deed, whereby a Retd Burden shall be declared or created on Lands or Heritable Subject in Scotland:

Where the fame respectively shall be made* as a Security for the Payment of any definite and certain Sum of Money, advanced or lent at the Time, or previously due and owing, or forborne to be paid^being payable,

Not exceeding 5 oh

Exceeding 50l. and not exceeding iool.

Exceeding iool. and not exceeding 1501.

Exceeding 1501. and not exceeding 300l.

Exceeding 300b and not exceeding 500b Exceeding 500l. and not exceeding i, ooool.

Exceeding i, oocl.and not exceeding 2>ooooh Exceeding 2, ooool. and not exceeding 3, cool.

Exceeding 3, 000b and not exceeding 4, 000b Exceeding 4, 000b and not exceeding 5, 000b Exceeding 5, 000b and not exceeding 10, ooool.

Exceeding 10, ooool. and not exceeding 15, 000b*Exceeding 15, 000b and not exceeding 20, 000b

Exceeding 20, 000b

And where the fame respectively shall be made, as a Security for the Repayment of Money, to be thereafter lent, advanced, or paid, or which may become due upon j an Account current, together with any Sum already advanced or due, or without, as the Case may be;

If the total Amount of the Money secured, or to be ultimately recoverable thereupon, shall be uncertain and without any Limit -

But if the total Amount of the Money secured, or to be ultimately recoverable thereupon, shall be limited not to exceed a given Sum

0 I 5 0

- I 0 0

_ .I 10 0

_ .2 0 Q

3 0 0

- 4 0 0

_ .5 0' 0

.6 0 0

m 7. 0 0

m 8 0 0

m .10 0 0

12 0 0

*5 0 0

- 20 0 0

And wdiere the fame respectively shall he made, as a Security for the Transfer or Retransfer of any Share, in any of the Government or Parliamentary Stocks or Funds, or in the Stock and Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or of the East India Company, or of the South Sea Company, in consideration of Stock or Money advanced or lent at the Time, or previously due and owing, or forborne to be paid, being payable.

AndVhere the fame respectively shall he made, as a Security for the Payment of a Sum of Money, and also for the Transfer or Re-transfer of a Share in any of the said Stocks or Funds; the said act valorem Duty shall be charged in respect of each.

And in case the fame respectively shall be made, as a Security for the Payment or Transfer, to different Persons, of separate and dillinCl Sums of Money, or Shares in any of the said Stocks or Funds; the said act valorem Duty shall be charged for

20 0 0

The fume Duty a* on a Modi'ape or Daft far jack limited Sum.

The same Duty as on a Mori-"ape or flidjtt for a San of Munni, to tie Value of the Stuck or fund Jcctoal, IKCouI-<J vigtothcavc'as<e I*me thereof, on the Day of the Date of the Men i-t pise or other In-rent aforesaid, or or other of the Ten Days [ preceding.

M 0 K T G A G E — contin u A.

and in respect of each separate and distinct Sum of Money, or Share in any of the said Stocks or Funds, therein specified and secured, and not upon the aggregate Amount thereof.

And where any such Mortgage or Wadset, or other Instrument hereby charged with the same Duty as a Mortgage or Wadset, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 216c Words, or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words, contained therein, o\er and above the first 1080 Words, a furtherprogrejfive Duly of MORTGAGE, See. — Any Transfer or Alignment, Disposition or Assignation, of any Mortgage or Wadset, or of any such other Security as a fore fa id, or of the Benefit thereof, and of the Money or Stock thereby secured; — in all Cases where the Person entitled to the Right of Redemption or Reversion, shall not be made a Party to such Transfer or Assignment, Disposition or Assignation; and also where the Person, who originally made the Mortgage, Wadset, or other Security, shall continue intitled to the Right of Redemption or Re-v<frlion, and shall be made a Party to such Transfer or Assignment, Disposition or Assigna-tion, provided no further Sum of Money or Stock be added to the principal Money or Stock already secured -

And in all other Cases, such Transfer or Assignment, Disposition or Assignation, shall be charged with the same Duty as an original Mortgage, Wadlct, or other Security*-

And where any such Transferor Alignment, Disposition or Assignation, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed j thereto, shall contain 2160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of, ic8o Words contained therein, over and above the iiril i; 8o Words, a further pr°<rrtj]i've Duty of - j

PROVIDED always, that where several distinct Deeds or Instruments falling within the Description of any of the Instruments hereby charged with the said act valorem Duty on Mortgages and Wadfets, shall be made at the same Time, for securing the Payment or Transfer of one and the same Sum of Money, or one and the fame Share of any of the Stocks or Funds before-mentioned; the said act valorem Duty shall be charged and chargeable, only on one of such Deeds or Instruments; and all the rest shall be charged with the Duty, to which the fame may be liable, under any more general Description of j such Deeds or Instruments, contained in this Schedule 5 and the Commissioners of j Stamps shall, if thereunto required, for the fake of Evidence, cause all the rest of such Deeds or Instruments, to be also stamped with some particular Stamp, for testifying ! the Payment of the said act valorem Duty, on proof to their Satisfaction, that all the ! said Deeds or Instruments have paid the proper Duties hereby charged thereon. j

And where any Copyhold or Customary Lands or Hereditaments shall be mortgaged, by means of a Conditional Surrender or Grant; the said act valorem Duty shall be charged j on the Surrender or Grant, or the Memorandum thereof, if made out of Court; or on J the Copy of Court Roll of the Surrender or Grant, if made in Court.

And where any Copyhold or Customary Lands or Hereditaments shall be mortgaged, or j charged, together with other Property, for securing one and the same Sum of Money, or one and the fame Share of any of the Stocks or Funds before-mentioned; the said act valorem Duty shall be charged on the Deed or Instrument relating to the other Property.

Exemptions from the said act valorem Duty on Mortgages, &c. but not from any other Duty to which the fame may be liable.

Any Deed or other Instrument, made in pursuance of and conformably to any Agreement, Con tratl, or Bond, hereby charged with, and which shall atlually have paid, the said act j valorem Duty. 1

- Any Deed or other Instrument, made for the further AJfuranee only, of any Fflate or Property, I already mortgaged, pledged or charged as a Security, by any Deed or Instrument, which I shall have paid the said act valorem Duty hereby charged\ or the ad valorem Duty on I Mortgages or Heritable Bonds, imposed by the Atl of the 44 M Year of His Majesty's Reign before-mentioned*

Any Deed or other Instrument, made as an additional or further Security, for any Sum or Sums of Money, or any Share or Shares of any of the Stocks or Funds before mentioned, already secured by any Deed or Instrument, which shall have paid the said act valorem Duty hereby charged\ or the ad valorem Duty on Mortgages or heritable Bonds, charged by the said Act of the 44th Year of His Mojfl/s Reign, to be exempt from the said act valorem Duty hereby charged, so far ns regards such Sum or Sums of Money, or such Share or Shares of any of the said Stocks or Funds, before secured, in case such additional or further Security shall be made by the same Person or Perforu who made the original 48 Geo. III. 4 L

£. s. d

1 10 0

SCHEDULE, PART I.

Duty.

MORTGAGE — continued.

Security: but if any further Sum of Money or Stock shall be added to the principal Money or Stock already^ secured, the said act valorem Duty shall be charged I in respect of such further Sum of Money or Stock.

For General Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamps Duties, fee the End of this Part of the Schedule:

MORTGAGE, Wadset, &c. with a Conveyance of the Equity or Right of Redemption or Reversion, or other Matter in the fame Deed; viz.

Where any Deed or Writing shall operate as a Mortgage or other Indrument, hereby charged with the ad valorem Duty on Mortgages, and also as a Conveyance of the Equity or Right of Redemption or Reversion of any Lands, Ellate, or Property therein comprised, to or in trull for, or according to the Direction of a Purchaser, such Deed or Writing shall be charged, not only with the said act valorem Duty on Mortgages, but also with the ad valorem Duty herein-before charged on a Conveyance upon the Sale of any Property But where the Equity, or Right of Redemption or Reversion shall be thereby conveyed or limited, in any other Manner, such Deed or Wilting shall be charged only as a Mortgage.

And, in all other Cases, where a Mortgage, or other Indrument hereby charged with the ad valorem Duty on Mortgages, shall be contained in one and the fame Deed or Writing with any other Matter or Thing (except what shall he incident to such, Mortgage or other Instrument) — such Deed or Writing shall be charged with the fame Duties (except the progressive Duty) as such Mortgage or other Indrument, and such other Matter or Thing, would have been separately charged with, if contained in separate Deeds or Writings.

And where any such Deed or Writing, as is mentioned in the two preceding Clauses, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2160 Words, or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1080 Words, a further progressive Duty of -

NOMINATION by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or by any other Patron, to any perpetual Curacy in England -

NOTARIAL ACT, any whatsoever, not otherwise charged in this Schedule

And for every Sheet or Piece of Paper, Parchment or Vellum, upon which the dune shall be written, after the first, a further progressive Duty of -

ORDER for the Payment of Money. — See Bill of Exchange.

PASSPORT

POLICY of Assurance or Insurance, or other Indrument, by whatever Name the same shall be called, whereby any Insurance shall be made upon any Life or Lives, or upon any Event or Contingency, relating to or depending upon any Life or Lives,

Where the Sum insured shall not amount to 50CI.

And where it shall amount to 500l. or upwards

POLICY of Assurance or Insurance, or other Indrument, by whatever Name the same shall be called, whereby any Insurance shall be made of or upon any Building, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or other Property, from Loss or Damage by Fire only

POLICY of Assurance or Insurance, or other Indrument, by whatever Name the same shall be called, whereby any Insurance shall be made upon any Ship or Vessel, or upon any Goods, Merchandize, or other Property on board of any Ship or Vessel, or upon the Freight of any Ship or Vessel, or upon any other Intcrell in or relating to any Ship or Vessel, which may lawfully be insured, for or upon any Voyage from any Port or f lace in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or in the lilands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, or Sari, or the I fie of Man, to any other Port or Place in the said Kingdom, or I (lands, or I He of Man; Where the Premium or Consideration for such Insurance, actually and bona fide paid, given, or contracted for, shall not exceed the Rate of Twenty Shillings per Centum on the Sum insured;

If the whole Sum insured shall not exceed tool.

And if the whole Sum insured shall exceed 100l. then for every tool, and also for any fractional Part of loci, whereof the same shall confid -

And where the Premium or Consideration for such Insurance, actually and bona fide paid, given, or contracted for, shall exceed the Rate of Twenty Shillings per Ceu-tum on the Sum insured;

If the whole Sum insured shall not exceed iool.

And if the whole Sum insured shall exceed iool. then for every iool. and also for any fractional Part of iocl. whereof the same shall consist.

But if the separate Interesls of two or more dillinct Persons shall be insured by one Policy or lnitrument* then the said Duty of^is, 3d. or 2$. 6d.

by

d.

100

0 5

050

050

15

10

010

o 1 3

o 2

POLICY — continued.

as the Case may require, shall be charged thereon, in respect of each and every fra&ional Part of loci, as well as in respect of every full Sum of iool. which shall he thereby insured upon any separate anddiflitiel Interest. POLICY of Assurance or Insurance, or other Instrument, by whatever Name the same shall be called, whereby any Insurance shall be made upon any Ship or Vessly or upon any Goods, Merchandize, or other Property on board of any Ship or Vessel, or upon the Freight of any Ship or Vessel, or upon any other Interest in or relating to any Ship or, Vessel, which may lawfully be insured, for upon any other Voyage than is herein-befor specified, or for any certain Term or Period of 7'ime, not exceeding Twelve Calendar Months:

Where the Premium or Consideration for such Insurance, actually and bona fide paid given, or contracted for, shall not exceed the Rate of Twenty Shillings per Centum on the Sum insured;

If the whole Sum insured shall not exceed iool.

And if the whole Sum insured shall exceed iool. then for every iool. and also for any fractional Part of tool, whereof the same shall con fill And where the Premium or Consideration for such Inf: ranee, actually and bona fide paid, given, or contracted for, shall exceed the Rate of Twenty Shillings per Centum on the Sum insured;

If the whole Sum insured shall not exceed icob And if the whole Sum insured shall exceed iool. then for ever)' iool. and also for any fractional Part of iool. whereof the same shall consist But if the ft par ate Interesls of Two or more diltindl Persons shall be insured by one Policy or Instrument, then the said Duty of 2s. 6d. or 5s. as the Case may require, shall be charged thereon, in respect of each and every fractional Part of iool. as well as in respect of every full Sum of iool. which shall be thereby insured upon any separate and diJlinH Interest.

POLICY of Assurance or Insurance, or other Instrument, by whatever Name the same shall be called, whereby any Insurance, commonly called a Mutual Insurance, shall he made, or whereby divers Persons fli all in lure or agree to insure one another, without any Premium or pecuniary Consideration, from any Lois, Damage, or Misfortune that may happen of or to any Ship or Vessel, or any Goods, Merchandize, or other Property on board of any Ship or Vessel, or the Freight of any Ship or Vessel, or any other Interest in or relating to any Ship or Vessel, which may lawfully be insured:

Upon any Voyage from any Port or Place in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or in the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, or Sark, or the Isle of Many to any other Port or Place in the said Kingdom, or I bands, or I fie of Man;

For every Sum of iool. and also for each and every fractional PaVt of iool. thereby insured to any Person or Persons -

Upon any other Voyage whatsoever, or for any certain Term or Period of Time not exceeding Twelve Calendar Months;

For every Sum of 10; 1. and also for each and every fra&ional Part of iool. thereby insured to any Person or Persons -

POLICY of Assurance or Insurance, or other Internment, by whatever Name the same shall be called; whereby any other lawful Insurance what[>every not herein-before charged, shall be made upon any Property or Interest whatever, from Loss or Damage of any Kind;

Where the Premium or Consideration for such Insurance, actually and bona fide paid, given, or contracted for, shall not exceed the Rate of Twenty Shillings per Centum, on the Sum insured;

If the whole Sum insured shall not exceed iool.

And if the whole Sum insured shall exceed iool. then for every iool. and also for any fractional Part of i: ol. whereof the same shall con fill And where the Premium or Consideration for such Insurance, actually and bona fide paid, given, or contracted for, shall exceed the Rate of Twenty Shillings per Centum, on the Sum insured; and also where the Insurance shall be made for any other than a pecuniary Consideration,

If the whole Sum insured shall not exceed iool.

And if the whole Sum insured shall exceed iool. then for every iool. and also for any fractional Part of iool. whereof the same shall Coniifl But if the separate Interesls of Two or more diflindt Persons shall be insured by one Policy or Instrument, then the said Duty of 2s. 6d. or9s. as the Case may require, shall be charged thereon, in respect of each and every fractional Part of iool. as well as in respect of every full Sum of iool. which shall be thereby insured Upon any J'cparate and dislinhl Interest.

4 L 2

J.

5 Q

0 5

624-

C. i

4(/

48° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1808.

POWtR of ATTORNEY. — See Letter of Attorney.

PRECEPT of Clare Conilat, to give Seiiln of Lands or other heritable Subjects in Scotland And where the fame shall contain 2160 Words or upwards, then for every entire j Quantity of 1080-Words contained therein, over and above the fir It ic8o Words, a further progressive Duty of -

PRESENTATION by liis Majesty, His Heirs, or Successors, or by any other Patron,

To any Eeclefi.illical Benefice, Dignity, or Promotion in England, of the yearly

Value of Ten Pounds or upwards, in the King's Books - - 20

To any other Ecclesiastical Bene lice, Dignity, or Promotion whatsoever in England - 10

PROCURATION, Deed or other Instrument of - - 1

And where the fame, together with any Schedule or other Matter put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1080 Words, a further progressive Duty of -

PROMISSORY NOTE, for the Payment, to the Bearer on demajid, of any Sum of Money,

Not exceeding One Pound and One Shilling Exceeding ll. is. and not exceeding 2l. 2s.

Exceeding 2l. 2s. and not exceeding 5l. 5s.

Exceeding 5l. 5s. and not exceeding 2d.

Exceeding 20l. and not exceeding 30l.

Exceeding 30l. and not exceeding 50l.

Exceeding 50l. and not exceeding ioel.

Which laid Notes for any Sum, not excecdingTwo Pounds and Two Shillings, may be* re-issued, after Payment thereof, as often as shall be thought fit; and the said Notes for any Sum, exceeding Two Pounds and Two Shillings and not exceeding leol. may be re-issued from Time to Time after Payment thereof, until the Expiration of Three Years from the Date thereof, but not afterwards.

PROMISSORY NOTE, for the Payment, in any other Manner than to the Bearer on demand, of any Sum of Money,

Amounting to 40s. and not exceeding 5l. 5s.

Exceeding 5l. 5s. and not exceeding 30l.

Exceeding 30l. and not exceeding 50l.

Exceeding 5ol. and not exceeding iool.

These Notes are not to be re issued, after being once paid.

PROMISSORY NOTE, for the Payment, either to the Bearer on demand, or in any other Manner than to the Bearer on demand, of any Sum of Money,

Exceeding Tool, and not exceeding 200l.

Exceeding 200l. and not exceeding 500l.

Exceeding 500l. and not exceeding i, ooool.

Exceeding i, ooool. and not exceeding 3*0001.

Exceeding 3, 000l.

These Notes are not to be re-issued, after being once paid.

I

070

1 o 0

o

o

0

o

o

o

0

o

o

o

o

6

0

o

PROMISSORY NOTE, for the Payment of any Sum of Money by instalments, or for the Payment of several Sums of Money, at different Days or Times, so that the whole of the Money to be paid shall be definite and certain -

And the following Instruments shall be deemed and taken to he Promissory Notes, within the Intent and Meaning of this Schedule; viz.

All Notes, promising the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money out of any particular Fund, which may or may not he available; or upon any Condition or Contingency, which may or may not be performed or happen; if the same shall be made payable to the Bearer, or to Order, and if the same shall be definite and certain, and not amount in the whole to Twenty Pounds;

And all Receipts for Money deposited in any Bank, or in the Hands of any Banker or Bankers, which shall contain any Agreement or Memorandum, importing that Interest shall be paid for the Money so deposited.

Exemptions from the Duties on Promissory Notes.

All Notes promising the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money out of any particular Fund, which may or may not be available; or upon any Condition or Contingency, which may or may not be performed or happen; where the same shall not be made payable to

The same Duty as on a ?rv- ivifonj Xotly

jm i/cllc of tee for

Sthii equal to the whole Amount of the Money to - le paid.

PROMISSORY NOTE — continued.

the Bearer or to Or tier; and afo where the same shall be made payable to the Bearer or to Order. if the fame /L\dl amount to Twenty Pounds, or be indefinite;

And all other InJ]raments, bearing in any Degree the Form or Style of Promissory Notes but which in Law shall be deemed special Agreements, except those hereby expressly eh retied to be deemed Promissory Notes.

But such of the Notes and Instruments here exempted from the Duty on Promissory Notes, shall nevertheless be liable to the Duty which may attach thereon, as Agreements or otherwise.

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties.

All Promissory Notes for the Payment of Money, issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England,

PROTEST of any Bill of Exchange or Promissory Note, for any Sum of Money,

Not amounting to 20l.

Amounting to 20l. and not amounting to iool.

Amounting to iool. and not amounting to 500l.

Amounting to 500l. or upwards -

PROTEST of any other Kind

And for every Sheet or Piece of Paper, Parchment, or Vellum, upon which the same shall be written, after the firit, a further progressive Duty of PURCHASE DEED. — See Conveyance on the Sale of Lands, See.

REAL BURDEN on Lands in Scotland, Deed creating. — See Mortgage, Disposition. RECEIPT or Discharge, given for or upon the Payment of Money,

Amounting to 2l. and not amounting to iol.

Amounting to iol. and not amounting to 20l.

Amounting to 20l. and not amounting to 50l.

Amounting to 50l. and not amounting to iool.

Amounting to iool. and not amounting to 200l.

Amounting to 200l. and not amounting to 500l.

Amounting to 500l. or upwards

And where any Sum of Money whatever, shall be therein expressed or acknowledged to be received in full of all Demands -

And any Note, Memorandum, or Writing whatsoever, given to any Person, for or upon the Payment of Money, whereby any Suin of Money, Debt, or Demand, or any Part of any Debt or Demand, therein specified, and amounting to Two Pounds or upwards, shall be expressed or acknowledged to have been paid, settled lalancdy or other wise dfcharged or satisfied, or which shall import or signify any such Acknowledgment, and whether the same shall or shall not be figued with the Name of any Person, shall be deemed and taken to be a Receipt for a Sum of N Money, of equal Amount with the Sum, Debt, or Demand, To expressed or

acknowledged to have been paid, settled, balanced, or otherwise discharged or satisfied, within the Intent and Meaning of this Schedule and of the foregoing Ad, and shall be charged with a Duty accordingly.

Aud any Receipt or Discharge, Note, Memorandum, or Writing whatever, given to any Person, for or upon the Payment of Money, which shall contain, import, or signify any general Acknowledgment of any Debt, Account, Claim, or Demand, Debts, Accounts, Claims, or Demands, whereof the Amount shall not be therein fpcifed, having been paid, settled, balanced, or otherwise discharged or satisfied, or whereby any Sum of Money therein mentioned shall be acknowledged to be received, in fully or in discharge or Satisfaction of any such Debt, Account, Claim, or Demand, Debts, Accounts, Claims, or Demands, and whether the same shall or shall not be signed with the Name of any Person, shall be deemed and taken to be a Receipt for the Sum of cool. or upwards, within the Intent and Meaning of this Schedule and of the foregoing Act j and shall be charged with the Duty of Five Shillings accordingly.

And all Receipts, Discharges, and Acknowledgments of the Description aforesaid, which shall be given for or upon Payments made by or with any Bills of Exchange, Drafts, Promissory Notes, or other Securities for Money, shall be deemed and taken to be Receipts given upon the Payment of Money, within the Intent and Meaning of this Schedule and of the foregoing A6L

Exemptions from the preceding Duties on Receipts.

Receipts exempted from Stamp Duty by any Ail cr Alls of the brefent Session relating to the AJfeJfed axes:

o 2 O 3 o 5

o 10

° 5 o 5

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

RECEIPT — continued. £. s. d.

Receipts or Discharges given by the Trcci/irer of the Navy, for any Money impressed t$ or received by him, for the Service of the Navy;

Receipts or Discharges given by any Agent, for Money impressed to him, on account of the Pay of the Army or Ordnance;

Receipts or Discharges given by any Officer, Seaman, Marine or Soldier. or their Reprc-fentatives reflectively, jor or fin account of any I Pages, Pay, or Pension, due from the Navy Office. Army Pay Office, or Ordnance Office:

Receipts or Discharges given for the Confederation Money, for the Purchase of any Share in any of the Government or Parliamentary Stocks or Funds, or in the Stocks and Funds of the Govt r nor and Company of the Rank of England, or of the East India Company, or South Sea Company, and for any Dividend paid on any Share of the foul Stocks or Funds reflectively:

Receipts given jor Money, dep'filed in the Bank of England. or in the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank oj Scotland, or in the Batik of the Britishs Linen Company in Scotland, or in the Hands of any Banker or Bankers, to be accounted for on Demand; provided the fame be not expressed to be received of, or by the Hands of, any other than the Person or Persons to whom the fame is to be accounted for. — But if with Interest — See Promissory Note.

Receipts or Discharges written upon Promissory Notes, Bills of Exchange, Drafts or Orders for the Payment of Money, duly stamped according to the Jjaws in force, at the Date thereof; or upon Bills of Exchange drawn out of but payable in Great Britain:

Receipts or Discharges, given upon Bills or Notes of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England:

Letters by the General Post, acknowledging the fife Arrival of any Bills of Excharge,

Promissory Notes, or other Securities for Money;

Receipts or Discharges, indorsed or other wise written upon, or contained in any Bend,

Alortgage, or other Security, or any Conveyance, Deed, or Inflrumert whatever, duly stamped according to the Laws in force at the Date thereof, acknowledging the Receipt of the Corfnleration Money therein expressed, or the Receipt of any principal Money,

Interest, or Annuity, thereby fecu red:

Releafs or Discharges Jor Money, by Deeds duly stamped according to the Laws in force at the Date thereof;

Receipts or Discharges given for Drawbacks or Bounties, upon the Exportation of any Goods or Merchandize from Great Britain:

Receipts dr Discharges for the Return of any Duties of Customs, upon Certificates of Over Entry:

Receipts, or Acknowledgements of Payment, indorsed upon any Bills, Orders, Remittance-Bills, or Remittance-Certificates, drawn by Commissioned Officers, Mnflers, and Surgeons in the Navy, or by any Commisswner or Commissionct s of the hTavy, under the Authority of the Act passed in the 3 $th Year of His Majesty's Reign, for the more expeditious Payment of the IPages and Pay of certain Officers belonging to the Navy Receipts, or Acknowledgments of Payment, indorsed upon any Bills, drawn purfumit to any former Act or Acts of Parliament, by the Commissnners of the Navy, or by the Com* miff oners for victualling the Navy, or by the Commissioners for managing the Trnnsport Service and taking Care of Jick and wounded Seamen, upon and payable by the Treasurer of the Navy.

See aljn the General Exemptions at the End of this Part of the Schedule.

RECOGNIZANCE, Statute Merchant, and Statute Staple, entered into as a Security, for the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money, Annuity or Annuities, or for the Transfer of any Share or Shares in any of the Government or Parliamentary Stocks or Funds, or in the Stock and Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or of the Eall-I India Company, or of the South-Sea Company;

Where such Payment or Transfer shall not be already secured by a Bond, or Mortgage, j or by feme other Instrument hereby charged with the same Duty as a Bond or Mortgage

And where such Payment or Transfer ihallbe already secured as abovementioned

RECOGNIZANCE, Statute Merchant, and Statute Staple, entered into as a Security for t!ie Performance of any Covenant, Contract, or Agreement; or for the due Execution or my Office or Trull; or for rendering a due Account of Money received or to be r. : d; or for indemnifying any Person or Persons against any Matter or Thing

CThc fame f)ul\f I or Iht'cs as J on a Bi nd^friven for the j k like hup*ft L inF.niia'uL I 0 0

RECOGNIZANCE — continmd.

And where any such Recognizance or Statute as aforesaid, together with any Schedule or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over and above the hr ft 1080 Words, a further pro^re/ftve Duty of -

REGISTER, or Entry of the Degree of a Barrister at Law, taken in either of the Intis of Court in England* — See Admission.

REGISTER or Entry of Degrees taken in the Universities of Great Britain. — See Admission.

RELEASE upon the Sale of any Property. — See Conveyance.

RELEASE and Renunciation of Lands or other Property, real or personal, heritable or moveable, or of any Right, or Interest therein; any Deed or Instrument of, not otherwise charged in this Schedule, nor expressly exempted from all Stamp Duty

And where the fame, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over and above the first; 1080 Words, a further progressive Duty of

RENUNCIATION upon the Sale of any Property. — See Conveyance.

RENUNCIATION of any Right or Interest in any Property, otherwise than upon a Sale. — See Release.

RESIGNATION; principal or original Instrument of Resignation or Service or Cognition of Heirs, or Charter, or Seisin, of any Houses, Lands, or other heritable Subjects, in Scotland, holding Burgage, or of Burgage Tenure

RESIGNATION. — Instrument of Resignation of any Lands or other heritable Subjects, in Scotland, not of Burgage Tenure -

And where any of the said Instruments shall contain 2160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1080 Words, a further progressive Duty of -

REVOCATION of any Use or Trull, Uses or Trusts, of or concerning any Estate or Property, real or personal, where made by any Writing, not being a Deed or Will

And where the fame, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of ic8o Words contained therein, over and above the first 1080 Words, a furtherprogre/Jive Duty of If made by Deed. — Sec D k e d.

SCHEDULE, Inventory, or Catalogue, of any Lands, Hereditaments, or heritable Subjects, or of any Furniture, Fixtures, or other Goods or Eft'e&s; or containing the Terms and Conditions of any proposed Sale, Lease, or Tack, or the Conditions and Regulations for the Cultivation or Management of any Farm, Lands, or other Property leased or agreed to be leased; or containing any other Matter or Matters of Contract or Stipulation whatsoever; which shall be referred to in or by, and be intended to be used or given in Evidence as Part of, or as material to, any Agreement, Lease, Tack, Bond, Deed, or other Instrument, charged with any Duty in this Schedule, but which shall be separate and diJlinQ from and not indorsed on or annexed to, such Agreement, Lease, Tack, Bond, Deed, or other Ir.strument -

And if the same shall contain more than 1: 80 Words, then for every further entire Quantity of ic8j Words contained therein, over and above the first 1080 Words, a further progrrjfive Duty of

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties.

Printed Prop'fds, puh shed by any Corporation or Company, respecting Insurances % and which shall be referred to, in or by any Policy or lujirument cj Insurance, issued by such Corporation or Company.

SEISIN. — Instrument of Seisin, given upon any Charter, Precept of Clare Constat, or Precept from Chancery, or upon any Wadset, heritable Bond, Disposition, Apprising, Adjudication, or otherwise, of any Lands or heritable Subjects in Scotland\ not of Burgage Tenure -

And where the same shall contain 2160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1080 Words, a further progressive Duty of -

SPECIFICATION, to be inrolled or recorded, of any Discovery or Invention, for which a Paten* shall be obtained -

£. s. d.

1 10

o o

o 7

I 10 o

o o

070

070 5 00

SCHEDULE, PART I.

Duty.

0 0

10 0

I o

7 9

1 10 o

SPECIFICATION — cent in tied.

And where the lame shall contain 2160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 10S0 Words contained therein, over and above the first ic8->

Words, a further progressive Duty of -

SURRENDER upon the Sale of Lands or other Property. — See Conveyance.

SURRENDER (not otherwise charged in this Schedule, nor expressly exempted from all Stamp Duty), of any Term or Terms of Years, or of any freehold or uncertain Interest, in any Lands, Hereditaments, or heritable Subjects, not being of copyhold or customary Tenure And where the fame, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of T .80 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1080 Words, a further progressive Duty of SURRENDER of Copyhold Lands or Tenements. — See Copyhold and Mortgage.

TACK of Lands, See. in Scotland, belonging to the Crown. — See Grant.

TACK of Lands, See. in Scotland, not belonging to the Crown. — See Lease.

TACK in Security — See Mortgage.

TESTIMONIAL or Certificate of the Admission of any Person, to the Degree of a Bachelor

of Arts, in either of the Universities in England - - - 3 0

TESTIMONIAL or Certificate of the Admission of any Person, to any other Degree, in

either of the said Universities - I 10 o Q

TRANSFER of any Share in the Stock and Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or of the South Sea Company, whether upon a Sale or otherwise -[ TRANSFER of any Share in the Stock and Funds of the East India Company, whether upon a Sale or otherwise

TRANSFER of any Share or Shares in the Stock and Funds of any other Corporation, Company, or Society whatever, upon the Sale thereof, or by way of ISlortgage or Security. —

See Conveyance. — Mortgage.

TRANSFER of any Share or Shares in the Stock and Funds of any other Corporation, Company, or Society whatever, not otherwise charged under the Head of Mortgage, or of Corf veyance upon the Sale of any Property -

TRANSFER upon the Sale of any other Property. — See Conveyance.

TRANSFER of Mortgage, Wad let, or other Security. — See Mortgage.

WADSET----- See Mortgage.

WARRANT or ORDER beneficial, under the Sign Manual of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, except where the fame shall be for the Service of the Navy, finny, or Ordnance And where the same shall be for the Service of the Navy, Army, or Ordnance And where several Persons shall be separately and diflincilv (and not jointly) benefited by one Warrant, the proper Duty shall be charged in respect of each such Person.

GENERAL EXEMPTIONS FROM ALL STAMP DUTIES.

All Bonds, Contrails. Mortgages, Conveyances, Deeds and Instruments, whatever, exempted from Stamp Duty by the Act of the 17 th Year of His Majesty's Reign, c. 53. or any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in force* for promoting the Residence of the Parochial Clergy, by making prov'tfon for building, repairing, or purchasing Houses and other Buildings, for the Use of their Benefices.

All Afldavits, Contrails, Mortgages, Conveyances, Deeds and Instruments whatever, exempted from Stamp Duty, by the Act of the \ld Year of His Majesty's Reign, c. 116. or any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, relating to the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax.

All Transfers of Shares in the Government or Parliamentary Stocks or Funds.

All Grants, Leases, and other Conveyances and Instruments, exempted from Stamp Duty by an Act of the present Session to improve the Land Revenue of the Crown*

I 10 1

I 19

O 12

A.D. 180S

48° GEORGII III.

C. 149

62 9

SCHEDULE i-rART THE SECOND.

Containing the Dudes on LAW PROCEEDINGS.

Which Duties are to he paid and payable for and in respe<fl: of every Skin^ Sheet, or Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, upon which the several Inltrumems, Matters, and Things, herein charged, shall be respectively written or printed; except where the Duties are imposed according to the "Number of Words therein contained, pr are expressly charged in any other Manner.

And all the Indruments, Matters, and Things, herein charged with a Duty, in respect of every Skin, Sheer, or Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, upon which the same shall be written oy printed, shall respectively be written or printed, upon Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, and in such and the f: me Manner and Form, as the like Instruments, Matters, or Things, have been heretofore accustomed to be, or are now usually written or printed.

And where a Court of Law or Equity is mentioned generally, the same shall be taken to mean, not only the Courts at IVcJhvinjler, but also the several Courts of Law or Equity of the Great Sessions in Wales> and in the Counties Palatine of Chejhr, Lancaster> and Durham, or elsewhere in England.

I. PROCEEDINGS in the High Court of Admiralty; and in the Courts of the Cinque Ports, exereiling Admiralty Jurisdiction; the High Court of Appeals in Prize Causes; and the High Court of Delegates, in Admiralty Matters, in

England.

AFFIDAVIT to be filed, read, or used in any of the said Courts ALLEGATION in any of the said Courts ANSWER in any of the said Courts -

APPEAL from any definitive Sentence or final Decree, or from any interlocutory Decree or Order of any of the said Courts -

ATTACHMENT issuing out of any of the said Courts -

BAIL BOND, or Recognizance, taken in any of the said Courts, or by Commission from the fame -

CITATION bluing out of any of the said Courts -

COMMISSION idiiing out of any of the said Courts -

COPY (i.e. Office Copy) of any Affidavit filed, read, or used, in any of the said Courts COPY (i.e. Office Copy) of any Citation, Monition, or Warrant issued out of any of the said j Courts -

COPY (i.e. Office Copy) of any Libel, Allegation, Answer, Interrogatories, Depositions, or Inventory, filed br exhibited in any of the said Courts COPY (/. e. Office Copy) of any interlocutory Decree or Order, or of any definitive Sentence or final Decree, made in any of the said Courts -

DECREE, or Order interlocutory, made in any of the said Courts DEPOSITIONS taken in any of the said Courts, or by Commission from the same EXEMPLIFICATION, under the Seal of any of the said Courts, of any Record or Proceeding therein -

INHIBITION issuing out of any of the said Courts INTERROGATOR IES filed or exhibited in any of the said Courts INVENTORY filed or exhibited in any of the said Courts LIBEL filed or exhibited in any of the said Courts MONITION ifTiyng out of any of the said Courts -RECOGNIZANCE. — See Bail Bond.

RELAXATION of any Attachment or Inhibition issued out of any of the said Courts SENTENCE definitive, or final Decree, of any of the said Courts

WARRANT issuing out of any of the said Courts

WARRANT, Mandate, or Authority, given to any Prodlor, to commence, carry on, or defend any Action, Suit, or Prosecution, in any of the said Courts; for the Memorandum or Minute thereof to be entered or filed of Record -

II.

PROCEEDINGS in the Ecclesiastical Courts, and in the High Court id Delegates, in Ecclesiastical Matters, in England.

AFFIDAVIT to be filed, r<#d, or used in any of the said Courts 48 Geo. III. 4M

Duty.

£. s. d.

050

0 5 0

050

1500

1100

1 o o IOO

050

050

050

050 I o o 050

3

1

o

o

0

1

I 10 o I 10 o o 15 o

5

050

ALLEGATION in any of the Taid Courts

ANSWER in any of the said Courts -

APPEAL from any definitive Sentence or final Decree, or from any interlocutory Decree or Order, of the Court of Arches, or the Prerogative Court of Canterbury or York CITATION issuing out of any of the said Courts -

COMMISSION issuing out of any of the said Courts -

COPY (/. e. Office Copy) of any Affidavit filed, read, or used in any of the said Courts COPY (/. e. Office Copy) of any Citation or Monition issued out of any of the said Courts COPY (i. e. Office Copy) of any Libel, Allegation, Answer, Interrogatories, Depositions, or Inventory, filed or exhibited in any of the said Courts -

COPY (/. r. Office Copy) of any interlocutory Decree or Order, or of any definitive Sentence or final Decree, of any of the said Courts -

DECREE final, or definitive Sentence, in any of the said Courts DEPOSITIONS taken in any of the said Courts, or by Commission from the same EXEMPLIFICATION under the Seal of any of the said Courts, of any Record or Proceeding therein -

INHIBITION issuing out of any of the said Courts -

INTER ROGATO RIES filed or exhibited in any of the said Courts INVENTORY filed or exhibited in any of the said Courts -

LIBEL filed or exhibited in any of the said Courts -

MONITION issuing out of any of the said Courts -

SENTENCE definitive, or final Decree, of any of the said Courts

WARRANT, Mandate or Authority, given to any Proctor, to commence, carry on, or defend any Suit or Prosecution, in any of the said Courts, for the Memorandum or Minute thereof to be entered or filed of Record

£. d.

0 5 0

0 5 0

*5 0 0

0 5 0

0 5 0

0 5 0

0 5 0

0 5 0

0 S 0

0 5 0

0 5 0

3 0 0

0 5 0

0 5 0

0 5 0

0 5 0

0 5 0

0 5 0

0 5

III. PROCEEDINGS in the Courts of Law and Equity at lVc/lminster> including the Court of the Duchy of Lanc<ijlcry and in other Courts in England, and the Offices belonging thereto, and also before the Lord High Chancellor, or the Lord Keeper, or Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal, in Matters of Bankruptcy and Lunacy.

ACTIONS in the Courts of the Lord Mayor and Sheriffs of I.ondon, and in the Courts of all Corporations, and other Courts whatsoever in England holding Pleas, where the Debt or Damage amounts to Forty Shillings or above, and out of which no Writs, Process, or Mandates issue, in the first Instance; — for the Entry of every Action or Plaint, except where the Debt or Damage claimed or demanded shall not amount to Forty Shillings AFFIDAVIT, to be filed, read, or used, in any of the Courts of Law or Equity at West-m'msler, or of the Great Sessions in Wales, or of the Counties Palatine of Chcjltry Lancaster, and Durham; or before any Judge or Master, or other Officer of any of the said Courts; or before the Lord High Chancellor, or the Lord Keeper or Commissioners of the Great Seal, fitting in Matters of Bankruptcy or Lunacy AFFIDAVIT, to be filed, read, or used, in any other Court of Law or Equity, in England, except in Actions or Suits, where the Debt or Damage, or Thing claimed or demanded, shall be under the Amount or Value of Forty Shillings -

ANSWER in any Court of Equity -

APPEAR ANCE filed or entered in any Action at Law, wherein no Bail shall be filed or put in

ASSIGNMENT of a Eail Bond -

BAIL Common, to be filed in any Court of Law

BAIL Special, to be filed in any Court of Law -

BAIL BOND in any Action, in any Court of Law -

BANKRUPT'S Certificate; — the Confirmation thereof, by the Lord Chancellor, or by the Lord Keeper, or Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal BILL filed in any Court of Equity -

CERTIFICATE by any Master of the High Court of Chancery, or by His Majesty's Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer, or his Deputy, of any Default of any Person, in any Suit, or Proceeding before them -

COMMISSION to take Affidavits, or Special Bail, out of any Court of Law or Equity COMMISSION of Bankrupt -

COMMISSION of Lunacy -

COMMISSION out of any Court of Law or Equity, for the Examination of Witnesses, or taking Depositions -..'.

COMMISSION of any other Kind, out of any Court of Law or Equity

o 2

2 6

o 2

0 2 O 5

5

10

5

5

5

5

SCHEDULE, PART II.

COPY (/. e. Office Copy) of any Affidavit, filed, read, or used, in any of the Courts of Law or Equity at Westminster, or of the Great Sessions in Wales, or of the said Counties Palatine; or before any Judge or Matter, or other Officer of any of the said Courts; or before the Lord High Chancellor, or the Lord Keeper, or Commissioners of the Great Seal, 'fitting in Matters of Bankruptcy or Lunacy COPY (/. e. Office Copy) of any Affidavit, filed, read, or used, in any other Court of Law or Equity, except in Actions or Suits, where the Debt or Damage, or Thing claimed and demanded shall be under the Amount or Value of Forty Shillings COPY (/. e. Office Copy) of any Bill, Answer, Demurrer, Exceptions, Plea, Replication, Rejoinder, or other Pleading, or of any Interrogatories, or Depositions, taken by Corn-million or otherwise, in any Court of Equity;

Where any such Copy shall be written wide, according to the Usage and Pin dice of the Court, and not contain more than 90 Words in a Sheet, one with another, then for every Sheet or Piece of Paper on which die fame shall be written And where any such Copy shall be written close Copy-wife, according to the Usage and Practice of the Court, or in auy other Manner than above-mentioned, then for every Sheet or Piece of Paper on which the same shall be written COPY of any Declaration, Plea, Replication, Rejoinder, Demurrer, or other Pleading whatsoever, in any Court of Law

COPY (/. e. Office Copy) of Interrogatories and the Depositions or Answers thereto, in any Court of Law, containing'not more than 72 Words in a Sheet, one Sheet with another -COPY (i.e. Office Copy) of any Rule or Order, made or given in or by any Court of Law at Westminster, or by any Judge of any such Court

COPY (/. e. Office Copy) of any Decree, Dismission, or Order, made in or by the High Court of Chancery at Westminster, or by the Lord High Chancellor, or the Lord Keeper or Commissioners of the Great Seal, fitting in Matters of Bankruptcy or Lunacy.

And for every Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which any such Copy shall be written, after the first, a further progrjftve Duty of -

COPY (/. e, Office Copy) of any Decree, Dismission, or Order, made in or by the Court of Exchequer, or the Court of the Duchy of Lancaster, at Westminster; or in or by any of the Courts of the Great Sessions in Wales, or of the said Counties Palatine COPY (i. e» Office Copy) or Extract of any Record, Report, or Proceeding what foe ver, in any Court of Law or Equity at Westminster, not otherwise charged in this Schedule DECLARATION in any Court of Law -

DECREE or Dismission made in or by the High Court of Chancery at Westminster

And for every Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which the same shall be written, after the I first, a furtherprogressive Duty of -

DECREE or Dismission, made in or by the Court of Exchequer, or the Court of the Duchy of Lancaster, at Westminster, or in or by any of the Courts of the Great Seflivins in Wales, or of the said Counties Palatine, or in or by any other Court of Equity whatsoever DEMURRER in any Court of Law -

DEMURRER in any Court of Equity

DEPOSITIONS taken by virtue of a Commission out of any Court of Equity {except the Paper Drafts thereof before the same are engrnjfed)

DEPOSITIONS in any Court of Equity, taken by the Examiner, or other proper Officer, and not by Commission -

DEPOSITIONS or Answers to any Interrogatories in any Court of Law EXCEPTIONS filed in any Court of Equity, or in any Matter of Bankruptcy or Lunacy EXEMPLIFICATION, under the Seal of any Court of Law or Equity whatever, of any Record or Proceeding therein (except Exemplifications under the Great Seal charged in the First Part of this Schedule) -

GRANT of the Custody of the Person or Ettate of any Lunatick INDENTURES or Chirograph of a Fine levied in any Court, for each Part or Indenture INQUISITION taken by or before any Sheriff or his Deputy, or by or before any Coroner, in any-A dion at Law -

INTERROGATORIES in any Court of Law -

INTERROGATORIES ill any Court of Equity, or in any Matter of Bankruptcy or Lunacy JUDGMENT (not interlocutory) ligned by the Matter of any Office, or his Deputy or Secondary, or by any Prothonotary, or his Secondary, Deputy, or Clerk, or by any other - Officer belonging to any of the Courts at Westminster> who is or shall be authorized to lign Judgments -

ORDER made in or by the High Court of Chancery at Westminster; or by the Lord High Chancellor, or the Lord Keeper or Commissioners of the Great Seal, fitting in Matters of Bankruptcy or Lunacy - -.- 1

4 M 2

Duty,

£. s. d.

O o

/ o

o

o

10

o

o

o

o

o

o

o 10 o

d

C. 149.

48° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1808.

ORDER — continued.

And for every Sheet or Piece of Paper on which the same shall be written, after the lirft, a further progressive Duty of

ORDER made or given in or by the Court of Exchequer, or the Court of the Duchy of I Lancaster, at IVcfminftr, or in or by any of the Courts of the Great Sessions in lValesy or of the said Counties Palatine -

ORDER made or given by any Judge of any of the Courts of Law at Westminster

Except fitch as shall be made on the Application of any Pr if oner or Insolvent Debtor; and except all Orders for the Delivery of the Particulars of a Plaintiff's Demand, or for saying Proceedings on Payment of Debt and Cojls; and all Orders for Time to plead, reply, or rejoin5 after the frjl Order for that Purpose.

PETITION in any Suit or Matter in any of the Courts of Equity at Westminster; and Petition to the Lord High Chancellor, or the Lord Keeper or Contniiilioners of the Great Seal, in any Matter of bankruptcy or Lunacy -

PLEA in any Court of Law -

PLEA in any Court of Equity

PLEADING of any Kind, in any Court of Law, not otherwise charged in this Schedule PLEADING of any Kind, in any Court of Equity, not other wise charged in this Schedule POSTEA -

RECORD of Nisi Prius -

REJOINDER in any Court of Law REJOINDER in any Court of Equity

REPLICATION in any Court of Law'- -

REPLICATION in any Court of Equity

REPORT made by any Maher of the High Court of Chancery, or by His Majesty's Remem brancer in the Court of Exchequer, or his Deputy RDLE or Order, made or given in or by any of the Courts of Law at Wcfminfer, which shall be issued or delivered out, by the Clerk of the Rules, or other Officer, to the Party obtaining it -

And for the Entry of every such Rule or Order, in the Book kept by the Clerk of the Rules, or other Officer for that Purpose, whether written on one or more Sheets or Leaves - - - '

RULES to plead and reply, and all other Rules, of any of the said Courts of Law at Westminster, not issued as above mentioned, but which shall be entered in the Books kept by the Clerk of the Rules, or other Officer for that Purpose; for the Entry of ever)' such Rule -

SUMMONS iiTucd by any Judge of any of the Courts of Law at JVcfminfer

Except such as shall be issued on the Application of any Prisoner or Insolvent Debtor; and except all Summonses for the Delivery of the Particulars of a Plaintiff's De maud, or for saying Proceedings on Payment of Debt and Cofs; and all Summonses for Time to pleads reply, or rejoiny after thefrf Summons for that Purpose

WARRANT, Mandate, or Authority, given to any Attorney or Solicitor, to commence, carry on, or defend any Action, Suit, or Prosecution, in any of the Courts at IVefminfer, or of the Great Sessions in ITales, or of the said Counties Palatine, or in any other Court whatsoever, holding Pleas, where the Debt or Damage amounts to Forty Shillings; for the Memorandum or Minute thereof to be entered or filed of Record WARKAN11 or Summons, ilined by any Mailer of the High Court of Chancery, or by His Majesty's Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer, or his Deputy WARRANT of Attorney -

WRIT of Appeal -

WRIT of Certiorari -

WRIT of Covenant for levying a Fine

WRIT of Entry for fullering a Common Recovery -

WRIT of Error -

WRIT of Supcvfedeas of a Commission of Bankrupt -

W R1 i\ Mandate, or other Process whatsoever, not otherwise charged in this Schedule, which shall issue out of, 01 pass the Seal of, any of the Courts at Westminster, or of the Great Sessions in lValesy or of the said Counties Palatine, or of any other Court in England, holding Pleas where the Debt or Damage amounts to Forty Shillings, except in Actions or Suits where the Debt, Damage, or Thing claimed or demanded shall be under the Amount or Value of Forty Shillings.-

o

o

o

o

0

o

o

o

o

o

o

6

4

0

4

0

o

0

4

0

4

0

026

o 2

0 5

050

IV. PROCEEDINGS in the Courts in Scotland.

£. s. d.

AFFIDAVIT to be filed, read, or used in the Court of Exchequer DEPOSITION taken in the said Court, or by Commifilor. From the fame DEPOSITION or Depositions, taken by Cornu.fiion or otherwise, in any Cause or Suit before the Court of Session, or the Commission of Teinds, or the Commifiary Court at Edinburgh, or in any Civil Cause before any inferior Court -

020

020

0 2 0

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties.

Depositions taken in any Cause or Suit before any of the said Courts, ' which shall be infixed in, at the Jnjlance of the publish Prosecutor, for the publick Intercjl, or where the publish Revenue is concerned.

Depositions talun in any Cause or Suit before any inferior Court, where the Sum or Subject concluded for shall be under the Value of 5l. Sterling, exclvfvc of CJls.

SUMMONS, Warrant, Precept, Summary Petition, Complaint, or other original Application, in whatever Form, issuing from or out of, or presented to, the Court of Session, or Commission of Teinds, or the Court of Exchequer, or High Court of Admiralty; except where the Suit shall be instituted, by or at the Instance of the publish Prosecutor, for the publish In'erej), or where the Publish Revenue is concerned -

SUMMONS, Warrant, Precept, Edi£b, Summary Petition, Complaint, or other original Application, in whatever Form, ifilling from or out of, or presented to, any Court in Scotland (other than the said Courts of Session, Commission of Teinds, Exchequer, and High Court of Admiralty, and the Court of Judiciary), where the Matter in Dispute shall exceed the Amount or Value of Five Pounds; (except as in the last Article) WARRANT, Mandate, or Authority' given to any Solicitor, Attorney, Agent, or Procurator, to commence, carry on, or defend any Atlion, Suit, or Prosecution, in any Court in Scotlandi for the Memoraudum or Minute thereof to be entered or filed of Record

04 o

020

050

V. GENERAL EXEMPTIONS from all Stamp Duties, applicable to England as well as Scotland.

Warrants, Mandates, or Authorities, to commence, carry on, or defend any A Sit on s, Suits, or Prosecutions, in any Court whatever, where the Debt, Damage, or Thing claimed or demanded shall not amount to or be of the Value of Forty Shillings.

Warrants, Mandates, or Authorities, to commence, carry on, or defend any Prosecutions or Proceedings upon Indictments, or upon any Information, Suit, Writ, or Process, in the Name of His Majesty, His Heirs or Suacjjhrs, or at the Instance of the Attorney General, Lord Advocate of Scotland, or other Officer legally authorised to prosecute or sue in the Name or for the Intercjl of His Majesty, His Heirs or Succjfors.

But these Exemptions are not to extend to Informations in the Nature of Quo Warranto, filed by His Majesty's Coroner and Attorney in the Court of King's Bench; nor to Informations in Courts of Equity, at the Relation of private Persons; nor to Informations, where any other P erf on than His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, fall be entitled to any Penalty or Forfeiture, or any Share thereof

All Proceedings jor or on the Bthaif of any Person legally admitted to sue or defend in forma pauperis; and all Proceedings of Courts Martial; and all Orders, Decree> and Proceedings, of or bef ore any Commissioners of Sewers, and of or in the Stannary Courts in England.

All Sum motifs. Attachments, Executions, and other Proceedings, in or issuing out of any of the Courts, ejiabhshed for the^Rccovsry oj Debts not exceeding Five Pounds, commonly called Courts of Request.

C. 149

48° GEORGII III.

SCHEDULEPART THE THIRD.

Containing the Duties on PROBATES of Wilis and Letters of ADMINISTRATION 5 on CONFIRMATIONS of Testaments, tellamentary and dative; on INVENTORIES to be exhibited in the Com miliary Courts in Scotland; and on LEGACIES out of real or personal, heritable or moveable Ellate; and on SUCCESSIONS to personal or moveable Estates upon Inteflacy.

PROBATE of a Will, or Letters of ADMINISTRATION, to be granted in England;

CONFIRMATION of any Testament tellamentary or dative, or Eik thereto, to be expected in any Commissary Court in Scotland, after the Jcth day of October 1808, where the Deceased shall have died, before or upon that Day, and subsequent to the loth Day

of October 1804;

INVENTORY to be exhibited and recorded, in any Commi/Tary Court in Scotland, of the Ellate and EfLcls of any Person deceased, who shall have died after the 10th Day of October 1808;

Where the Estate and Effects, for or in respect of which, such Probate, Letters of Administration, Confirmation, or Eik, respectively, shall be granted or expected, or whereof such Inventory shall be exhibited and recorded, exclusive of what the Decrafed shall have been possessed of or in titled to, as a Trustee for any other Person or Persons, and not beneficially, shall be

above the Value of 2cl. and under the Value of iool.

of the Value of look and under the Value of 200l.

of the Value of 200l. and under the Value of 300l.

of the Value of 300l. and under the Value of 450b -

of the Value of 450l. and under the Value of 6oeh -

of the Value of 600l. and under the Value of 8oob -

of the Value of 8ocl. and under the Value of i, ooool.

of the Value of i, ooool. and under the Value of 1, 500b

of the Value of 1, 500b and under the Value of 2, occb -

of the Value of 2, 000b and under the Value of 3, 5: 0b of the Value of 3, 500b and under the Value of 5, ooeb -

of the Value of 5, 000b and under the Value of 7, 500b -

of the Value of 7, 500b and under the Value of 10, 000b -

of the Value of 10, 000b and under the Value of 12, 500b -

of the Value of 12, 500b and under the Value of 15, 000b

of the Value of 15, 000b and under the Value of 17, 500b -

of the Value of 1 7, 500b and under the Value of 20, 000b -

of the Value of 20, ooch and under the Value of 25, 000b -

of the Value of 25, 000b and under the Value of 30, 000b

of the Value of 30, 000b and under the Value of 35, 000b -

of the Value of 35, 000b and under the Value of 40, 000b -

of the Value of 40, 000b and under the Value of 45, 000b of the Value of 45, 000b and under the Value of 50, 000b of the Value of 50, 000b and under the Value of 6?, 000b -

of the Value of 60, 000b and under the Value of 70, 000b - of the Value of 70, 000b and under the Value of 80, cool, of the Value of 8o, oocb and under the Value of 90, 000b of the Value of 9o, oocb and under the Value of 100, 000b -

of the Value of ioo, ocoh and under the Value of 125, 000b of the Value of 125, 00: !. and under the Value of 150, 000b of the Value of 150, 000b and under the Value of 175, 000b of the Value of 175, 000b and under the Value of 200, 000b of the Value of 200, 000b and under the Value of 250, 000b of the Value of 250, 000b and under the Value of 300, 000b of the Value of 300, 000b and under the Value of 350, 0001. of the Value of 350, 0001. and under the Value of 400, 000b of the Value of 400, 000b and under the Value of 500, 000b of the Value of 500, 000b or upwards

Duty.

£, /. I

0 10

2 0 0

5 0 0

8 0 0

11 0 0

*S 0 0

22 0 0

30 0 0

40 0 0

5° 0 0

60 0 0

75 0 0

90 0 0

no 0 0

*55 0 0

160 0 0

18J 0 0

210 0 0

2 60 0 0

310 0 0

360 0 0

I 410 0 0

460 0 0

55° 0 0

650 0 0

750 0 0

850 0 0

950 0 0

1, 200 0 0

i, 4°o 0 0

1, 600 0 0

2, 000 0 0

2, 5CO 0 0

3, 000 0 0

3>5C0 0 0

4, 000 0 0

5, 000 0 0

6, 000 0 0

Exemptions,

Letters of Administration, Probate of Will, Confirmation of Testament and Eik thereto, and Inventory of the Effects, of any common Seaman, Marine, or Soldier, who shall bejlain or die in the Service of His Majesty, His Heirs or Siccjfors,

£. j.

LEGACIES, and SUCCESSIONS to Personal or Moveable Estate upon Inteftacy.

d.

I# Where the Tcjlator, FJlatrix, or Inteflate died before or upon the §th Day of April 1805.

for every Legacy, specific or pecuniary, or of any other Description, of the Amount or Value of 20l. or upwards, given by any Will or Testamentary Instrument, of any Person, who died before or upon the 5th Day of April 1805, out of his or her Per-fonal or Moveable Estate, and which shall be paid, delivered, retained, Satisfied, or discharged, after the 10th Day of Otloler 1808 :

Also for the clear Residue (when devolving to one Person) and for every Share of the clear Residue (when devolving to Two or more Persons) of the Personal or Moveable Ellate of any Person who died before or upon the 5th Day of April 1805 (after deducting Debts, Funeral Expences, Legacies, and other Charges first payable thereout) whether the Title to such Residue, or any Share thereof, shall accrue by virtue of any Testamentary Disposition, or upon a partial or total Inteftacy; where such Residue, or Share of Residue, shall be of the Amount or Value of 20l. or upwards, and where the same shall be paid, delivered, retained, satisfied, or discharged, after the 10th Day of October 1808 :

Where any such Legacy, or Residue, or Share of such Residue, shall have been given, or have devolved, to or for the Benefit of a Brother or Sijler of the Deceased, or any Descendant of a Brother or S'Jler of the Deceased; a Duty at and after the Rate of Two Pound? and Ten Shillings per Centum, on the Amount or Value thereof Where any such Legacy, or Residue, or Share of such Residue, shall have been given, or have devolved, to or for the Benefit of a Brother or Sijler of the Father or Mother of the Deceased, or any Descendant of a Brother or Sijler of the Father or Mother of the Deceased; a Duty at and after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum on the Amount or Value thereof -

Where any such Legacy, or Residue, or Share of such Residue, shall have been given, or have devolved to or for the Benefit of a Brother or Sijler of a Grandfather or Grandmother of the Deceased, or any Descendant of a Brother or Sister of a Grandfather or Grandmother of the Deceased; a Duty at and after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum on the Amount or Value thereof -

And where any such Legacy, or Residue, or Share of such Residue, shall have been given, or have devolved, to or for the Benefit of any Person, in any other Degree of collateral Consanguinity to the Deceased than is above described, or to or for the Benefit of any Stranger in blood to the Deceased; a Duty at and after the Rate of Eight Pounds per Centum on the Amount or Value thereof -

11. Where the Tfat or, Testatrix, or Intcjlate flail have died after the $th Day of April 1805.

For every Legacy, specific or pecuniary, or of any other Description, of the Amount or Value of 20l. or upwards, given by any Will or Testamentary Instrument, of any Person, who shall have died after the 5th Day of April 1805, e^her out of his or her Personal or Moveable Estate, or out of or charged upon his or her Real or Heritable Estate, or out of any Monies to arise by the Sale, Mortgage, or other Dispositiun of his or her Real or Heritable Estate, or any Part thereof, and which shall be paid, delivered, retained, satisfied, or discharged after the 10th Day of October 1808:

Also, for the clear Residue (when devolving to one Person) and for every Share of the elear Residue (when devolving to Two or more Persons) of the Personal or Moveable Estate, of any Person, who shall have died after the 5th Day of April 18 15 (after deducting Debts, Funeral Expences, Legacies, and other Charges first payable thereout), whether the Title to Inch Residue, or any Share thereof, shall accrue by virtue of any testamentary Disposition, or upon a partial or total Inteftacy; where such Residue, or Share of Residue, shall be of the Amount or Value of 20l. or upwards, and where the same shall be paid, delivered, retained, satisfied, or discharged after the loth Day of October 1808 :

And also for the clear Residue (when given to one Person) and for every Share of the clear Residue (when given to Two or more Persons) of the Monies to arise from the Sale, Mortgage, or other Disposition, of any Real or Heritable Estate, directed to be sold, mortgaged, or otherwise disposed of, by any Will or Tetlamentary Instrument, of any Person, who shall have died after the 5th Day of April 1805 (after deducing Debts, Funeral Expences, Legacies, and other Charges full made payable thereout, if any) where such Residue, or Share of Residue, shall amount to 201. or upwards, and w here the lame shall be paid, retained, or discharged alter the 10th Day of October j8o8 :

per Cent, 2 10 ©

per Cent. 400

per Cent. 500

per Cent,

8 o

1

63 6 C. i49»5°

48° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1808.

t

l$rc ehtrp. 111. cd tb.s.Si Uonfor

J

N<> Volunteer or

Vi'oman t-X-c*n»p*i'«l from frr-i in tlir Militia or L n al Mi-.{tiw, uiit*b in-

SCHEDULE, PART III.

LEGACIES and SUCCESSIONS — M/j/z/W.

Wlu re any such Legacy or Rt fidue, or any Share of such Residue, shall have been given, or have devolved, to or for the Benefit of a Child of the Drreafd, or any Defendant oj a Child of the D see a fid; a Duty at and after the Rate of One Pound per Centum on the Amount or Value thereof -

Where any such Legacy, or Residue, or any Share of such Rcfulue, flndl have been given, or have devolved, to or ior the Benefit of a Brother rr Sifhr of the Dcecajd, or any I) fe admit of a Brother or Siler of I he Dcccc.fi d; a Duty at and alter the Riite of Two Pounds and Ten Shiliir. _js per Centum on the Amount or Value thereof -

Where any such Legacy or lv.lidue, or any Share of such Residue, shall have been given, cu* have devol ved, to or for the Benefit of a Brother or Sister of the Father or Mother tf the Deceasd, or ary DefCendant of n Brother or Sister of the Father or AC./her of iht Deem fed; a Duty at and after the Rate oi Pour Pounds per Centum or the Amount or Value thereof -

Where any such Legacy or Residue, or any Share of such Residue, shall been given, or have devolved, to or for the Benefit of a Brother or Sister of a Grandfahercr Grand* rather of the Deceased, or any Defendant of a Brother or Si/Br of a Grant fat her or Grandmother of the Deceas d; a Duty at and after the Rate of Live Pounds per Centum on the Amount or Value thereof -

And where any such Legacy or Residue, or any Share of such Residue, fled! have been given, or have devolved, to or for the Benefit of any Person, /// ary other Degree of collateral Confangninity to the Deceasd, than as above described, or to or for the Benefit of any Stranger in blood to the Deceajed; a Duty at and alter the Rate of Ten Pounds per Centum on the Amount or Value thereof -

And all Gifts of Annuities, or by way of Annuity, or of any other partial Benefit or Interefe, out of any Inch Lltate or Eitecls asatorelaid, shall be deemed Legacies within the intent and Meaning of this Schedule -

i Doty.

£.J.

per Cent. I 0 0

i

i per Cent.

I 1 10 0

per Cent. 400

per Cent. 500

per Cnit. 10 0 0

Exemptions.

F eg tides, and Rcfe'ttes, or Shares of Ref line, of any such Efah' nr If his as afore fSul. fever, or dtreohviny to or for the Ben: fit oj the hivfeatul or 11 ije cj the Dec.* Jed, or to or j or the Benefit of any of the Royal Family, j]\id all J. eg aries which were exempted from Duty. by the Bel pa fid in the 3 , th Tear of Itis Mcjc/ty's Riyn, c. 73. for exempting certain speci/.c Legacies, given to Bodies Corporate or other publick Bodies, from the Fay aunt oj Duty.

CAP. CL.

An Act For enabling His Majesty to establish a permanent Local Militia Force in Scotland, under certain Rdhidtions, for the Defence of the Realm.'[4th July i8c8 ]

A permanent Local Militia shall be ballotted and enrolled in Scotland. §1. Not to exceed, in-" eluding Volunteers, Six Times the original Quota of Militia under 42 G. 3. c. 91. — > 2. Deficiencies in e/feo ' tive Volunteers shall be supplied by additional Local Militia Men. §3. On receiving Order to ballot Men, Lord Lieutenant, &c. shall appoint General and Subdivision Meetings. §4. His Majesty may order Counties tube divided wherein more than One Regiment is to be raised. §5. Powers of Militia Acts to extend to this Act.«Two Deputy Lieutenants, or One and a Justice, may aft. ^. 6. Ballot shall be out of Persons between 18«and 30 Years of Age, returned in Militia Lifts. §7. Penalty on Perfur.s neglecting to appeal, 5l. to 20j. &c. §8. Constables shall be above 30 Years old. §9. Exemption for Persons unable to fer\e from llluefs or bodily «* Infirmity, tj ic. Exemption for Ministers, Medical Men, &c. §11. [file I fords of Exemption for A, /infers, are. Licenced Preacher or Teacher of any Congregation, &c. Sec 4.$ G. 3. c. in $ 12,] — Period of Ex-emption for Persons having served in Militia, &c. $ 12. Certain Persons exempted from fervingin the Militia, liable to serve in the Local Militia. §13. Apprentices ballotted shall not culift in the Army, &c. without Maf-«< for's Consent. Service under this Act shall not affcdl Gout rails of Service. $ 14. Oath of Persons ballottal.; 15.

Fine on Persons ballotted not appearing to be enrolled. § lb. Persons imprisoned for Non-payn.tnt of 41 Fines shall serve when released.^17. Declaration or Certificate of Persons claiming Exemption upon Payee ment of 20l. or ic /., §18. Persons engaging to ierve in any Volunteer Corps at their own Exper.ce, shall have 4t Half of their Fines remitted. §19. Days of Attendance of Volunteers shall be specified in Certificates. '20.

XXI. And whereas Doubts have been entertained with regard to the Meaning of certain Clauds in the Acts relating to the Volunteers and Militia of Scotland; be it therefore enacted and declared, That no Volunteer or Yeoman -shall, from and after the passing of this Act be entitled to Exemption from serving in the Militia of Scotland, or in the Local Militia to be raised under this Act, unlefo such Volunteer or Yeoman shall have bed included in the Return made pursuant to an Att relating to Yeomanry and Volunteers, passed in the Forty-fa;?'!

5

1 car

A.D. 1808. 48° GEORGII III. .C. 150. 637

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty hi April, A apt (I, or December respectively, next preceding the Ballot at which such Volunteer or Yeoman HiitU ha\e been ballotted to serve in the Militia of Scotland-, or in the said

Loo:; Militia.

XK'h And be it enacted, That the Commanding Officer of c very Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers shall, ii. 'die Certificate granted by him, specifv the Date o? such Return preceding the Ballot.

" Declaration of Persons claiming Exemption upon Payment of Pines, &c. that they have not insured. §23. Ex-" emotion for , Sic. who shall pay a Proportion of Fines. { 24. Where Volunteers shall enrol themselves " Fallot lh: ul not take place. §25. Benefits of Friendly Societies not forfeited by Service under this Act. §26. " Bounty of Two Guineas, to Persons voluntarily enrolling. $* 28. Subdivision C Berks may he ordered to pay " Bounties, and shall Uansmit Account thereof to Secretary at War. §28. Or oti Certificate of Deputy " Lieutenant may draw on Pay matter General, t 29. Deduction of Bounty from Men e'dififi ig into the Army, 11 &e. r 30. Volunteers may transfer themselve>, with the Approbation of His Majesty, to Local Mrlitia. 0 31. " Volunteer Ycomann' or lillery may transfer themselves, to Local M/iitia. $ 32. Declaration of Volunteers " &e. so transferring them.Lives, that they have not had any more than the allowed Bounty. £ 33. Allow-0 aisceson Men afll rr.bling for Exercise, &c. §34. Local Militia entitled to the lame Exemptions as Volun-" t-em Ac.' j; 35. No IVrlou ballotted shall be allowed to find a Substitute, or be entitled to Bounty. $ 36. " Penalty for mfuring against Fines, &c.^37. How Local Militia shall be formed and officered, (> 38. Rank tl in Local Militia ut Officers wh.o have Li ved in Regular Militia, &c. t 39. Rank of Officers of Volunteer " Corps transferred to Local Militia. 40. 11 in Majesty m: iv put Local Militia under the Command of General Officers. 741. And may order it to be called out yearly to be trained, for 28 Days, y 42. Men may re-" move from one to another County Militia, upon Notice, f 43. In case of Invasion, &c. His Majdiy may w order the Local Militia to be embodied and marched to any Part of Great Britain.' 4JL. Lord Lieu-" tenant, &c. may call out the Luc ii Militia lor the Suppiefikni of Riots, &c. §45. Ducal Militia aiW mrm-d tf in Time of War, (object to the Mutiny Act. §46. Local Militia entitled to the fame Pay, &c. as the Rcgu-u lar Militia. 47. Wives and Families of Local Militia Men e: nti d to the lame Relief astliofe of Ycomaniy

or Volunteer Corps under 44 G. 3. c. 54. §48. Local Militia Men may or, lid in Army, Navy, lf*w r; §49,* No Suspension in Ballot for Vacrn.cwbin Local Militia. §50. Counties, &c. fulfil Ci to a Erne of 15l. for each u Man deficient. §51. Return of Part of Fines for Men enrolled within certain Periods. $ 52.

LII.And be it further enacted, That every Commandant of nnv such Local Militia shall, within Fourteen Days auer the Fourteenth Day of February in every Year, trammit to the Lievitemant or Deputy Lieutenant of the County or Stewartry within which inch Local Militia shall have been raised, a Cmmcute of the Deficiencies or Vacancies in such Local Militia; and such Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants shall within Ten Days after the Receipt of such Certificate, and within Ten Days after any Fine shall have been incurred as aforesaid, transmit to the Clerk of Supply of such County or Stewartry, u Certificate of the Deficiencies or Vacancies in inch Local Militia, and of the Finos respectively incurred b) any County or Stewartry as afor* said.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That the Commi (Tinners of Supply of every Inch County or Stewart ry flvall, on or before the First Day of May after the Receipt of such Certificate, niak<* an Assessment upon each Paritti or Place from which any such Deficiency or Vacancy ought to have been supplied, for tile Amount of each Fine incurred for each Man which ought to have been supplied by such Parish or Place, in the Manner in which such Commissioners of Supply are directed to make Assessments for the Relief of Families of Militia Men, by an Act passed in tlu* Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Mag-tty.

LV. And be it enacted, That in every Case where any inch AiTefiirent shall not. be made by such Commissioners of Supply, then the Clerk of Supply of such County or Stewartry shall and he is hereby required, within Fourteen Days after the Meeting at which such AIR ffinent ought to have been trade, to certify the same to His Majesty's Attorney in Exchequer in Scotland, and the Names of inch ComimiTicuiers as shall have beer present at such Meeting by whom such Assessment ought to have been made; ai d liis Map.dlyV. Attorney in Exchequer is herein' required, on the Receipt of Inch Certificate, fort!1.with to proceed by all Rich legal Means as shall be moil effectual and expeditious, to compel inch Commissioners to pay due Obedience to t: u3 Act, and to cuufe such AiTLTment to be made, and the Money raised, collected, and paid.

LVI. And be it enacted, That in case any Colh'dor of the Land Tax fl all rtfufe or neglect to levy any ft' h A111-11'nent for and during the Space ot Twenty Days after the fame Until have been made, every such Collector Audi forfeit a Sum equal to Double the Amount of such AlTctttmnt,

(< All Penalties shall be paid into Bank of Errand, to the Account of the Paymaster General out of which Boun-

ties shall be paid. { 57."

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That a separate Account shall he kept of the Fines, Penalties, and For-fe'tures, vcmilted to the Bank of Engiami for each County and Stewartry respective]y, and uilo of the Bounties paid to Peri on# who (h ill voluntarily enrol tiiemielves to serve in the Local Militia under this Act in each County and Stewartry, and Parish thereof; and if the Sum of Money advanced under lids Act, for Payment of any Bounties in ary County or Stewartry, shall exceed the Amount of tin* pines, Penult it*?, and Forfeitures paid into the Bank, in respect of such County or Stewartry, the Amount of such Deficiency shall be paid and made good hv such County or Stewartry, or the Parishes thereof respectively 5 and for the Purpose of obtaining Payment thereof, it fhrdl be lawful for the said Paymaster General to transmit an Account of the said Vims, Pemdtii>, forfeitures, and Bounties, shewing the Amount of such Deficiency, to the Clerk of Supply of the said County or Stewarty; and the Commission.vrs of Supply of every such County or Stewartry, shall, on or before the l u ll Day of May, after the Receipt of such Account, moke an Assessment upon each parish, corresponding and in proportion to the Number of Men in each Parish to whom such Bounty shall have been paid, upon the it having 48 Geo. III. 4 N vuluu.

fludrdlnReturas liiri'T 44 (j. 0. c. 54.

Dat<^ of fu'*h F"111ms (Fi*H be

i.l l.O'jl vliliti* f) 1 a!I >»'arly t ran I mil to L'i*u-ttmam, kCc.af Vjr-t'< of Dr-fn imirirs, to be tnvifmito*(l to the (ill rk el' Supply.

('ommissionefft of Supply fl-al! make an A fie If* mnufwt Amount of Fines for Dc-firienecs.

Where AHefT-ruciit ili tll tot he ma«(e, ( i<-i k of Supply (h \W eer-t.ly fame to the Kina's Attorney in Exchequer in Scotlatnl, who (i all ci impel such AfTHfment. l'cimltv on (iol-c'tors uni levying Aficliintnts.

If the Bounty

shall c\c« t'4 the Kiihx paid iiiMi

Bank, the < in 11 > ilm'l hr ri a«ie aootlhj the Fount \.

4'1 G. 5-. C. 89.

Focm of Convictions.

RpfprcVing Persons-g"vieved. 47 G. J. ft. 2.

<*.

I on)s of SeiTion Hial! fit in T.vo Dituious.

Ot'wFiom t och Divisions shall V couipoStti.

Just"* of Judiciary in e?.ch Division.

Pfac«- of Mreiing

of each Division.{halt heP|*'inxnl by ihn Ki»g

0.150, 151. 48° GEORG 11 III. A.D. 1808.

voluntarily enrolled themselves to serve in the Local Militia under this Act, in the Manner in which such Commissioners of Supply are directed to make Assessment for the Relief of the Wives and Families of Militia Men, by an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

4i Subdivision Clerks shall not retain Money. §59* Subdivision'Clerks shall keep Account of Fines, kc. and transmit the same to the Secretary at War. §60. And also Accounts of Money remitted to the Bank on " Oath. §61. And also Estimates of Sums requisite for Payment of Penalties remitted, and Account of Payments thereof upon Oath. §62. Bond of Subdivision Clerks* §63.' Fines shall be applied .under Order of Secretary of State. $ 64. Part of Penalties to Informer. §65. Two Justices may hear and determine Of- fences, and give Judgment for Penalties, See, upon due Proof according to the Law of Scotland' — Appeal to Sessions. §66, Penalty on Witnesses not attending^. §64, "'

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Justices before whom any Offender shall be convicted aforesaid, shall cause the said Conviction to be made out in the Manner and Form following, or in any other Form of Words to the fame Effect, mutatis mutandis (that is to say)

4 gE it remembered, That on the Day of in the Year of our Lord

in the County of A.B. of was ccuvifted be*

1 fore us, C.D. and E..F. Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, redding near the Place where the Offence was committed, for that the said A.B. on the Day of

now la ft pa ft, did, in contravention of an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, [here state the Offence against the Act j and we do find that the said A.B. hath forfeited the Sum of < and decern him to make Payment thereof.*'

Persons balloted under 43 G. 3; c. 83. may find 'Sublitutes, &c. of serving in Militia under 47 G, y, 44 Sejf. 2, c. 71. shall be entitled to their Discharge; and Persona having found Substitutes or paid Fines under both Acts, flia.ll have a Return of their Money paid under- 47 G. 3. §69. Penalty of Perjury or fal(e 44 Oath, § jo."'

LXXI. And be it further enacted, in addition to what is provided by an Act passed in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty relative to the Militia, intituled, An Act for the speedily completing the Militia of Great Britian, and increasing the fame, under certain Limitations and R frictions, That if any Person shall conceive himself to be aggrieved by the Sentence, Warrant, or Order of any Deputy Lieutenant or Justice or Justices of the Peace in Scotland, in the Execution of this Act, or in the Execution of any Act or Acts relating to the Militia of Scotland, it shall not he competent to (iff Execution or Procedure upon any such Sentence, Warrant, or Order; and that if any Person shall attempt to do so by Bill of Susper.fion or otherwise, the same shall bedismissed as incompetent, and such Person shall be subjected in full Expences.

V Act may be altered or repealed this Session.*'

[The Schedules annexed to the Act, and all the Clauses above abridged) are preciftly similar, mutatis mutandis, to those contained in the Ad 48 G. 3. c. in, for establishinv a permanent Local Militia Force in England.-]

CAP. CLL

An Act concerning the Adrnmistration of Justice in Scotland, and concerning Appeals to the House of

Lords.

[4th July 1808; ]

WHEREAS the great Extension of Agriculture, Commerce, Manufactures and Population, and the con*.

4 > V sequent Multiplication of Transactions in Scotland, have greatly increased the Number of Law Suits brought into the Court of Scfllou, whereby it has become expedient to make some new Arrangements in that Court, to facilitate the Dispatch of Business; And whereas it isaifo expedient to make such Regulations as are herein after provided touching Appeals; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual, and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assern^'icd, and by the Authority of the same, - That on and after the Twelfth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and eight, the Judges or Lords of Session shall usually fit in Two Divisions, and the Lord President of the whole Court-and Seven of the Ordinary' Lords of Session shall form one and the First of the said Divisions; and the Lord Justice Clerk for the Time being, and Six of the Ordinary Lords of Session, shall form the other and the Second of the said Divisions,

II. And be it enacted, That such Seven of the Ordinary Lords of Session shall be the Judges, who shall usually fit in one of the said Divisions, and such Six shall be the Judges who shall usually fit in the other of the said Divisions, as His Majesty shall appoint; and the Lord President of the whole Court shall pro side in the First of the said Divisions, and the said Lord Justice Clerk shall preiide in the Second of the said Divisions; and in the Absence of the Lord Prvfident and Justice Clerk respectively, one of the Ordinary* Lords of the said respecthe Divisions, that is to say, such Ordinary Lord as the Judges then present shall appoint shall preiide in fochDivisions respectively.

III. And be it enacted, That in each of the said Divisions there shall be an equal Number of the Judges of the Court of Judiciary, including the Lord Justice Clerk.

IV. And be it enacted, That from and after the said Twelfth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and eight, the said Judges in each Division respectively shall fit in such Rooms or Places as His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, shall appoint, and each of the same shall fit oil the same Days as have hitherto been the Days of fitting of the whole Court for the Dispatch of Business during the Time of Session at such Hours as the Court of Seifioa by any Regulations, to be made by the whole Court, or a Quorum thereof consisting of

7 Nine

A.D. 1808.

48° GEORGII III.

G. 151

639

H«*4u!au (of1 their Silling.

Judges in oarh Division {lull c\c*rciiY the fame l*t»\ven» rs

Quorum.

1» Case* of Equably of Voices, a Lori Ordinary ihallbc

isc.

Nine of the Judges thereof, shall appoint; and the said Court is hereby authorized and required, by Ad of Jnl.gs the whole Court or of such Quorum, to make or establish fitch Regulations before the Twelfth Day of No+'rrfi- O.u.l mate ter One thousand eight hundred and eight; provided, that the Judges in each Divi/ion shall have the fame Powers with respect to Adjournment, which the Judges of the whole Court now possess.

V. And be it enacted, That the Ordinary Judges of each Division, exclusive of the Lord President and Lord Ordinary Jvupc* Just ice Clerk, shall officiate in the Outer House and Bill Chamber, and in performing therein the Duties of >^cUuuXe Ordinaries of each Division in the Manner which has hitherto been pracVifed by the Ordinary Judges of the an(j

whole Court, until it shall beotherwise provided by Parliament: Provided always, that Two of the said Judges, Chamber, &c. One for each Division, shall officiate each Week in the Outer House, for hearing Causes in the Rolls of Suspen-(ions, Advocations, Regulations, and Ordinary Actions, and that Two Judges, one for each Division, shall each Week officiate in the Bill Chamber in the Time of Session, but that it shall be competent to the Vvhole Court, ora Quorum thereof as aforesaid, to cvbbliffi such Regulations with regard to Lords Ordinary officiating in the Bill Chamber during the Vacation as shall be deemed expedient.

VI. And be it enacted, That the Judges fitting in the said respective Divisions, or fb many of them as shall form Quorums thereof respectively as herein after mentioned, shall be competent to exercise, and shall and may exercise, except in Cases herein excepted, the like Duties, Powers, and Functions in all respects, and with the fame and the like Authority and Effect, in all Cases and Matters that shall come before them, as are now excr- hereiufor cifed by the Lords of Session fitting together in Court, or a Quorum of them, and shall also enjoy the like Authorities and Privileges as are no& enjoyed by the said Lords so fitting, or such Quorum.

VII. And be it enacted, That Four Judges in each Division shall be deemed to be a Quorum thereof.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the Judges preliding in each Division shall, in case of Difference of Opinion, have One Voice, but not a Calling Voice; and in case there shall bean Equality of Voices, the Cause or Matter shall remain for subsequent Discussion and Decisiont and in case upon such subsequent Discussion and D^ciiion, there shall be again an Equality of Voices, the Judges of the said Division shall call in One of the Lords Orcli- c*Ued ia. naiy of the fame Division from the Outer House, in the Order of their Seniority as Judges, to be present at the Discussion, and to vote in such Case.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Causes, Actions, Processes, or Matters, which according to the Inner Huofe present Law and Practice come in the first Instance into the said Court as Inner House Causes, shall at the

Choice of the Party inllituting the fame be brought before either of the said Divisions; and tint Causes, Actions, jyviuon,

Processes, or Matters, which according to such Practice are brought into the Outer House or Bill Chamber awfOuur liouia before any of the Ordinary Lords, shall, at the Choice of the Party inllituting the fame, be brought before the (Amle, the Ordinary Lords of such Division, as the Party instituting the same shall think, proper to resort to, and shall not L>hL Ouiiu^v, be removeable except into that Division to which the Lords Ordinary belong under the Provisoes of this Act; and all Caules, Actions, Processes, and Matters shall be considered as being under the Jurisdiction of the respective Divisions of the Judges before which they are brought, or to which the Lords Ordinary before whom they are brought belong; and the Decrees or Decisions of Inch Division of Judges or Lords Ordinary shall not he subject to review in the Court of Session by the other Judges, save that those of such Lords Ordinary dull be subject to be reviewed by that Division of Judges to which such Lords Ordina ry bdlong; provided, that where ary Action, Matter, Process, Complaint, or Cause has been brought before One of the said Divisions or the Lords Ordinary thereof, the other Division or the Lords Ordinary thereof shall remit any Action, Process,

Matter, Complaint, or Cause subsequently brought before them, relating to the fame Subject, Matter, or Thing, or having a Connexion or Contingency therewith, to the Coufidcrution of the Division or Lords Ordinary before whom the First Cause, Action, Process, Complaint, or Matter had been previously brought; which Remits shall be made in such Form and Manner as is now used, or as shall be established by future Regulations of the whole Court or a Quorum of Nine Judges thereof, and which such Court or Quorum is hereby authorized* and, if the same shall be necessary, required to make.

X. And be it enacted, That it shall be competent to the Judges of cither Division, or the Quorum thereof, in any Cases which shall appear to them to be Cases of Importance and Difficulty, to Rate Ouoftions of Law, in Writing arising on such Cases, and to require the Opinions of the Judges of the other Division to be given thereupon, and such Judges shall be bound to communicate their Opinion thereupon, either as a collective Body or as individual Judges.

XI. And be it enacted, That the Forms of Proceeding and Process before each of the said Divisions of the.

Judges respectively, and before the Lords Ordinary of each respectively, shall be the fame, and no Alteration thereof shall take place but by Acts of Sederunt of the whole Court, or a Quorum of Nine Judges thereof,

2 sum bled by the Lord President, to which Court or Quorum it shall be competent to make fu : h Alterations and Regulation! concerning such I*orm3 of Proceeding and Process, as shall appear to be necessary or expedient; apd all the lawful Powers of the Court of Session, or any Quorum thereof, to make Acts of Sederunt, and all other lawful Powers, Duties, or Functions of the said Court, or any Quorum thereof, save as the Exercise of their Powers, Functions, or Duties is regnlate<l by tlks Act, shall remain and be in full Force.

XII. And be it enacted, That it shall be competent to the said Court, Or a Quorum of Nine Judges thereof, assembled by the Lord President, to make interim Regulations, until Provisions dial I be made for that Purpose by Parliament, with regard to the Duties to be performed by the Six principal Clerks of Session in the said Divisions: Provided always, that each of the Grid principal Clerks shall be entitled to act* in either Division, and that the said principal Clerks shall be entitled to carry on their official Bufi less in their Offices and in Court, in conformity to the present Practice, and that it shall be competent to the said Court to make interim Regulations with regard to the Duties to be performed by the Depute Clerks in the Outer House, and by the Clerk or Clerks in the Bill Chamber, and other Officers of Court, as shall appear expedient for carving on the Buffi.efs of each of the said Divisions in a proper Manner.

4N2 XIII;

In.firrs of One Pit ihoo jn.iv

ilai* QurMion, ol Lt* to the o\lvr.

Forms of

(»f

Iv'th ])', vifiou* Dull f>e Mike, without Alter*-ti'Mi, exrrpt In AiS» of fcffik-runl,

I ntf r!m K^uUiion*

m.tv he ma'lr

rcijWtiru; dir Sis j>rinrq.at

C iciksot'Scii.ou,

640

Cause depending how to he ditjutfvd of.

Causes to he remitted from the House of Lord*.

Cotirt of Acffion shall meet to form Regulations.

Appeals to the .House o/Lrds.

interioc vitors.

Copy of Petition ft* Appeal ir.jll be I.!'- before the .Juilets <.-.1 the Divdior to tvhirii the Caule belonp.

Kejpilatiors a= to Itiuiim lV, r-frlbon, lvu\ shall »ot he Hopped by Appeal to the House of Loub.

House of Lott!* may adjudge Payment 1A Imeieft.

Refpoivleiws in

A|rpea!siiifantfed

may apjily for Intrreti to t he Piv.fwm to which the Came belongs.

C. 151. 48° GEORGII III. A.D. 1808.

XIII. And be it enacted, That the different Causes which shall be depending before any Lords Ordinary on the said Twelfth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and eight, shall, from and after that Day, belong to the Division of which the Lord Ordinary before whom they are depending shall, under the Provisions of this Act, he a Part or Member; and that Inch Causes as shall be depending in the Inner House on and prior to the Twelfth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and eight, shall from and after that Day belong to the Division of which the Lord Ordinary before whom they depended at the Time they were lad brought horn a Lord Ordinary into the Inner House, (hull, under the Provisions of this Act, be a Part or Member, and that all other Causes which shall be depending in the Inner House on and previous to the said Twelfth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and eight, whether they were brought into the Inner House originally in the first Instance, or depended when la It brought into the Inner House before a Lord Ordinary, since deceased, shall be distributed between the said Divisions of the Judges as they Hand upon the Roll upon such Day; that is to say, the First Cause upon the Roll shall belong to the First of the said Divisions, and the Second Cause then upon the Roll {hali belong to the Second of the said Divisions, and so on successively and alternately: And in Cases in which, after such Divisions of the Judges shall have taken place as aforesaid, Causes Audi be remitted by the House of Lords to tli« Court of Session, and when there shall be at the Date of such Remits no Lords Ordinary to such Causes, the First of such Causes lo remitted shall belong to the Division in which the Lord President of the whole Court prclides, and the Second to the other Division, and so on successively; and where there are Lords Ordinary to such Causes, the respective Causes shall be remitted to the Division in which the Lords Ordinary to such Causes respectively belong: Provided nevertheless, that in all Caules in which the House of Lords shall think proper expressly in any Remit to the Court so to require the Judges of the Division of the Court of Session to which the Cause or Matter shall after such Remit belong, shall be bound to require the Opinion of the Judges of the other Division in Matters or Questions of Law in Writing and such Judges of the other Division shall be bound to give and communicate the fame in Manner herein-before provided.

XIV. And be it enacted, That for the Purposes aforesaid, the Court of Session is hereby authorized to meet after the passing of this Act on any Days, either in Time of Session or during Vacation, Nine of the said Judges being a Quorum; and the said Court being assembled by the Lord President, in order that such Regulations may be made, and such Distribution of Causes may take place as shall be necessary or proper for carrying this Act into Execution.

XV. And be it enacted, That hereafter no Appeal to the House of Lords shall be allowed from Interlocutory Judgments but such Appeals shall be allowed only from Judgments or Decrees on the whole Merits of the Cause, except with the Leave of the Division of the Judges pronouncing such Interlocutory Judgments; or except in Cases where there is a Difference of Opinion among the Judges of the said Division; nor shall any Appeal to the House of Lords be allowed from Interlocutors or Decrees of Lords Ordinary which have not been reviewed by the Judges fitting in the Division to which such Lords Ordinary belong: Provided, that when a Judgment or Decree is appealed from, it shall be competent to cither Parly to appeal to the House of Lords from all or any of the Interlocutors that may have been pronounced in the Cause, so that the Whole, as far as it is necessary, may be brought under the Review of the House of Lords.

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the reclaiming or representing Days against an Interlocutor of a Lord Ordinary shall, from Millake or Inadvertency, have expired, it shall be competent, with the Leave of the Lord Ordinary, to submit the said Interlocutor, by Petition, to the Review of the Division to which the said Lord Ordinary belongs; but declaring always, that in the Event of such Petition being pretented, the Petitioners shall be subjected in the Payment of the Expences previously incurred in the Process by the other Party.

XVII. And be it cradled, That when any Appeal is lodged in the House of Lords, a Copy of the Petition of Appeal shall he laid by the Respondent or Respondents, before the Judges of the Division to which the Cause belongs; and the said Division, or any Four of the Judges thereof, shall have Power to regulateril Matters relative to Interim PofLfiion, or Execution, and Payment ot Colts and Expences already incurred, according to their found Discretion, having a just Regard to the I nterefts of the thirties as they may be affected by the Affirmance or Reverb] of the Judgment or Decree appealed from.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That it fin! not be competent by Appeal to the Honfc of Lords touching the Regulations so made as to fitch Interim Pofilffion, Execution, and Payment of Expences or Coils, to flop the Execution of such Regulations as shall have been so made as aforesaid reipecling the fame; provided that when the Appeal touching the Judgment or Decree appealed front shall be heard, it shall be competent for the House of Lords to make such Order and give such Judgment respecting all Matters whatsoever which fin 11 have been done or have taken place in pursuance of or in consequence of such Regulations so made as to Interim Possession, Execution, and Payment of Expences or Coils, as the Justice of the Case shall appear to the said House of Lords to require.

XIX. And be it enacted, That if upon hearing the Appeal it shall appear to the House of Lords to be just to decree or adjudge the Payment of Interest, limple or compound, by any of the Parties in the Cause to which such Appeal relates, it shall be competent to the said House to decree or adjudge the Payment thereof, as the said House in its found Discretion shall think meet.

XX. And be it enacted, That if any Appeal presented after the passing of this Act to the House of Lords against an Interlocutor or Decree of the said Court, or either of the Divisions thereof shall be cl it milled ior want of Profeciition, it shall be lawful for any Respondent in such Appeal to apply by Petition to that Division of the Court of Session to which such Cause shall belong, and it shall be competent to the Judges of the said Division, upun such Petition, to decree Payment ot Interest, simple or compound, by the AppclKt

to

e

A.D. 1808.

48° GEORGII III. C. 151V 641

to such Respondent, in such Manner ns the said Division in its found Discretion shall think rr.eet, together with the Colls or Expences which have been incurred in consequeucc of such Appeal.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That as often as a Vacancy of the Office of a Judge shall happen among the Judges of either Divisioti, the fame shall be filled up according to the prJeot Law a: .(l Ptwctice of S\ rt!n>ui; provided th t such new appointed Judge shall go through the Fornjs of A dm iff. on in that Di\iiion «*f Judges only to which he is appointed, unless an Objection is made to his AdmJiion, in which Case the Objection fit all he decided by the whole Court.

XXII. 4 And whereas the Appointment of Commissioners with Powers to enquire into the Administration of Justice in Scotland relating to Matters of a Civil Nature, and particularly into the Forms of Pro cel's in the 'Court of Session whose Proceedings Avail be reported to His Majesty, and laid before both Hoiifes of Parliament, would he expedient: And whereas it would be expedient that Regulations flunk! be cflnbiillvd relative to the cause or Processes, which may at present he brought into the Court of Session by Advocation,

Sutpenlion, or Reduction, or in the Aril Instance, and relative to those of a Civil Nature which may be brought before the Circuit Court of Judiciary by Appeal: And whereas it has been conceived that it ought be for the Utility of the Sub'cAs within Scotland, that Jury Trial should he introduced into the Proceedings in certain Can fee. belore the Court of Hellion And whereas the Fees or Dues exigible by tin* Clerks and other Officers of the Court of Session, and Members of the College of Justice or other Persons connected with the said Court in their official Capacity, and the Fees exigible by the Clerks arid other Officers in the Sheriff,

Admiralty, Commilfnry, and other Courts in Scotland, require to be reviled, and in many Particulars rggubated: And whereas it would be expedient, that proper Regulations should be established, relative to the Extracts of Decrees, or of the Proceedings now in u!e in Scotland in the ftipuiurand inferior Courts, and 4 relative to the said Fees: And whereas it is expedient that du- and proper Information should be obtained

touching such Matters r.s aforesaid, and as are herein after mentioned, to the Intent that lahitnry Regulations

should be made and t llablished by due Authority : Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful, and full rommirtbm'ir* Power is hereby given to such Persons as shall be for that Purpose named and appointed by His Majesty, ffijHheapptuntcil1 by Letters Patent or any Irllnnnent in Writing under His Royal Sign Manual, or any Three of them,

to meet at and upon such Place and Day as in such Letters Patent ov Iulltument shall be for that priH, f>\n the

Purpose named, or at and upon l uch Place and Day ns they, or any Tlv. ce of them, giving Notice (ourt of Session, -

to the others of them, shall appoint, and so thereafter at such Times and Places as they or those present nn»l to report iu. from Tin e to Time at Meetings shall appoint; and after chuiing a Pradesand Clerk, to make full Enquiries whnC«w*s into the Forms of Process, in the Court of Session, and to report in what Cases, and iu what Manner and Form }

it appears to them that Jury Trial could be moll usefully eilabkshed in that Court, and further, to report in x. c.

what Manr.er the prefect Form of Process in that Court might be improved by conducting more of the'i

Pleadings viva voce; by limiting the Power veiled in iingle Judges of frequently reviewing their own Interlocutory Judgments by obviating Inconveniencies arising from the Mode now practised, in taking Proofs by Commission, ai d by Regulations relative to the Proceedings in the Bill Chamber, and particularly to enquire and report whether it would be expedient that the ordinary Judges of the said Divisions should officiate in the Outer House and Bill Ciiamber, and in performing therein the Duties of Ordinaries, in the Manner which has been hitherto pradufed by the ordinary Judges of the whole Court, or in what other Manner, and efptcially whether it would be expedient that some of such Judges should conllantly or usually perform the Duties of Ordinaries in the Outer House and Bill Chamber, and that others of the said Judges should conllantly or tffiuily officiate in the Inner House, .^ptl also to make Inquiry into the Proceedings in the Admiralty and Cuintr.nl'ay Courts, and in the Inferior Courts; ) Scotland, r; lat ire to Matters of a Civil Nature, and to report in what Manner those may be improved, and also to Rate what Regulations appear to them proper to be adopted relative to Precedes or Caides brought into the Court of hellion by Advocation, Hufpcnfiou, or '

Reduction, or in the Fir It Instance, or before tb.e Circuit Court of Justiciary by Appeal, and also to make Icqnirv into the present Forms of the Court of Seffim in extracting Decrees, Regiilration of the fame, and1 Execution ti.ercon, or upon Letters of Diligence passing the Signet, or any other Mattel touching the Process or Proceedings of the said Court, and to let down in Writing such Alterations or Amendments as shall appear to them to be n.oll reasonable and bell calculated for the due Administration of Justice in the said Courts; and also to inquire into the Fees, Perquisites, and Emoluments claimed by ov belonging to the Clerks and Officers of the said Court, and other Members of the College of Justice, or Persons couuedted with the said Court, the Faculty of Advucalcj excepted, and how far the same are now reasonable, or ought to be allowed, or iucrcaCd, a. d particularly what Satisfaction it may be jull and reasonable to make to any such Persons, in consequcv.cc of tie.dr being deprived of their Fees, Dues, or Emoluments, or any of them, by reason of the Alterations and Regulations introduced by this Act, or in case they should be deprived thereof by the Adoption of any Alterations or Amendments to be proposed by such Persons as afurefnid, if the fame Inould be adopted; and also to inquire into the Fees, Perquisites, or Emoluments claimed by the Clerks and other Officers in the Sheriff, Admiralty, Commissary, and other Courts in Scotland; and generally to set down in Writing, and report what Ural I appear to them material to be reported touching all and every the Matters aforesaid; and the said Persons shall and are hereby lequired to report the Whole of their Proceedings to His Majesty on or before the Twelfth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and nine, and which Report, when made, it is hereby provided shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament by One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State: Provided, that it shall be competent to the said Persons to report, from Time to Time, on or before the said Twelfth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and nine, such Part or Parts of their Proceedings as they shall have it in their Power to report, relating to any of the ObjAls of their Inquiry, and particularly they are hereby required to report, as soon as conveniently may be, with respect to Trial by Jury, the Proceedings in the Outer House and Bill Chamber, the Regulations proper to

Vinncif* of Ju i/t-s shall be f,; I (I up at hcictufore.

6 42

I

Purine any Prohibition of the PifUilarion of Spirits from Grain, in Great Britain, aH Duties and Drawbacks on Spirits herein-mentioned, shall he ful pended, excepting Arrears.

Prohibition of all Materials in the Highland Distillery, except Oats or Barley, &c. dlo suspended.

When Prohibition crafes, suspended Duties, &c. shall be revived.

New Duties during such

Sufpaifion.

Sugar W.alh'lor Home (xmfmnption in 1 Ditto in Low-iMklsof Scotland, 3-«d.

Spirits in the Lowlands, 5d»

rontent of the Still in die lowlands, 1621, per Gallon,

Waflj in the

Highland*', 2d.

Spirits in the Highlands, 5d.

0.151, 152. 48 GEORGII III. A.D. 1808.

to be adopted relative to Proceflcs in Causes brought into the Court of Session by Advocation, Susper.fion, or Reduction, or in the First Instance; and relative to those of a Civil Nature which may be brought before the Circuit Court of Judiciary by Appeal; and with regard to the prefect Forms of the Court of Session in extracting Decreets; and with respect to the other Matters appointed to be the Subjects of their Inquiry, to report tlvcrcupon in such Order as to them shall seem most expedient; yet so nevertheless as that their Report upon the Whole of the Matters submitted to their Consideration, shall be made on or before the said Twelfth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and nine.

CAP. CUI.

An Act for granting certain Duties on Worts or Wash made from Sugar during the Prohibition of

Distillation from Corn or Grain in Great Britain.

[4th July 1808.]

WHEREAS it maybe found proper to prohibit throughout Great Britain, for a Time to be limited, all

V w Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain, and in such Case it would be expedient to encourage the

Distillation of Spirits from Sugar during such Prohibition; and also to modify and regulate the Duties to be levied, and the Drawbacks to be allowed; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assemblecJ, and by the Authority of the same, That for and during any Period of Time in which by cr under the Authority of any Act of Parliament, passed or to be passed, the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain in Great Britain shall be prohibited, all and singular the Duties of Excise on Worts or Wash, made or brewed in Great Britain for extracting Spirits, and all and singular the Duties on Spirits made or distilled in Great Britain and on Spirits made in Ireland and imported into Great Britain, and also the Duties on Licence on the Content or Capacity of Stills used or emyloyed in Scotland for making or distilling Low Wines or Spirits, and also all and singular the Duties on Spirits manufactured in England, and brought from thence into Scotland, and vice versa, and also all and singular the Drawbacks on the Exportation of any such Spirits, shall be and the lame are hereby suspended, save and except in all Cases relating to the recovering, allowing, or paying any Arrears thereof respectively, which shall or may remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any Time before or on the Day upon which such Prohibition of Distillation from Corn or Grain shall commence and take Effect.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Prohibition of the Use of any Material or Commodity whatsoever in the making or brewing of Wort or Wash for diddling or extracting Spirits in the Highlands of Scotland, except Oats or Barley, or Bear or Bigg, of the Growth of the said Highlands, shall also be suspended during any Period of Time that the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain shall by or under thu Authority of any Act of Parliament be prohibited, any Thing in this or any other Act of Parliament to the contrary in any wise noiwwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as any such Prohibition as aforesaid of the Use of Com and Grain in the Distillation of Spirits shall cease and determine, all and singular the Duties, Drawbacks, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and also the Prohibition which by this Act are or shall be suspended, shall be revived, and the same are hereby in such Case declared to revive and become in full Force and Effect to all Intent* and Purposes whatsoever.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in lieu and instead of the Duties hereby suspended, there shall during such SuSpension be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto His Majesty^ Jiis Heirs and Successors, the sevenu Rates and Duties of Excise herein after mentioned; (that is to say),

For every Gallon of Wort or Wash, brewed or made for extracting Spirits in England, for Home Cod. fumption, from Sugar, an Excise Duty of One Shilling and Three-pence; iiglaii'i, Is. 3d. per Gulioiu

For every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of Wort or Wash, brewed or made from Sugar, for extracting Spirits in the Lowlands of Scotland, for Consumption in Scotland, an Excise Duty of Three-pence Farthing:

For every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of Spirits, of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, and so in proportion for every higher or lower Degree of Strength which shall be made or distilled in the Lowlands of Scotland, for Consumption in Scotland, not exceeding the Number of Gallons of Spirits limited and restricted to be distilled by or from each Still, to be paid over and above the Duty on the Licence or Content of the Still, and the Duty on the Wort or Wa/h from which such Spirits may be made or distilled, an Excise Duty of Five-pence; '

For every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of the cubical Content or Capacity of each and every Still, including the Head and every Part thereof, and of any Horn, Pipe, Tube, or other Apparatus therewith eonnefted, under whatever Name or Denomination the fame may be called or known, as high as the Steam can afeend, and until the Top of the Head shall turn downwards and form an Angle of Forty-five Degrees, which shall be used or employed for the Purpose of making or distilling Low Wines or Spirits from Sugar in the Lowlands of Scotland, for Consumption in Scotland, an Excise Duty of One hundred and sixty-two Pounds: For every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of Wort or Wash, brewed or made from Sugar, for extracting Spirits in the Highlands of Scotland, for Consumption in the said Highlands, an Excise Duty cf Two-pence: For every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of Spirits, of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, and so in proportion for any higher or lower Degree of Strength, which shall be made or distilled in the Highlands of Scotland for Consumption in the said Highlands, not exceeding the Number of Gallons of Spirits limited and rellrifted to be dist illed by or from each Still, to be paid, over and above the Duty on the Licence or Content of the Still, and the Duty on the Wort or Waih from which such Spirit may be made or distilled, an Excise Duty of Five-pence;

For

A.D. 1808.

48° GEORGII III.

C. 15^2. 643

For every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of the Cubical Content or Capacity of each and every Still, including the Head and every Part thereof, and of any Horn, Pipe, Tube, or other Apparatus therewith connected, under whatever Name or Denomination the fame may be called or known, as high as the Steam can alcend, and until the Top of the Head shall turn downwards and form an Angle of Forty-iive Degrees, which shall be used or employed for the Purpose of making or distilling Low Wines or Spirits in the Highlands of Scotland, for Consumption in the said Highlands, an Excise Duty of Five Pounds:

For every Gallon, Engljh Wine Measure, of Spirits, of a Strength not exceeding that of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, and so in proportion for any higher Degree of Strength, made or diddled from Corn or Grain in England, and imported or brought from thence into Scotland, to be paid by the Importer thereof, before the Lauding thereof, an Excise Duty of Six Shillings:

For every Gallon, Engljh Wine Measure, of Spirits, of a Strength not exceeding that of One to Ten over Scotch Com Hydrometer Proof, made or distilled from Corn or Grain in Scotland, and imported or brought from thence into England^ to be paid by the Importer thereof, before the Landing thereof, an Excise Duty of Seven Shillings and Five-pence Halfpenny:

For every Gallon, Engljh Wine Measure, of all such Spirits as lad before mentioned, of a greater Strength than that of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, and not exceeding Three per Centum over and above the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, an Excise Duty of Seven Shillings and Five-pence Halfpenny; and also a further Excise Duty, proportioned to the Degree of Strength in which such Spirits shall exceed the said Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, to be paid by the Importer thereof before the Landing thereof:

For every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of Spirits, of the Strength not exceeding that of One to Teo EngVifh Su^ar over Hydrometer Proof, and so in proportion for any higher Degree of Strength, made or diddled in England Spun* imported from Sugar, and imported or brought from thence into Scotland, to be paid by the Importer thereof, before the , nt0 Scullaft|b Landing thereof, an Excise Duty of Four Shillings and Three-pence:

For every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of Spirits, of a Strength not exceeding that of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, made or diddled in Scotland from Sugar, and imported and brought from thence into England, to be paid by the Importer thereof, before the Landing thereof, an Excise Duty of Five Shillings and Eleven-pence Halfpenny;

For every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of all such Spirits as lad before mentioned, of a greater Strength than One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, and not exceeding Three per Centum over and above the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, an Excise Duty of Five Shillings and Eleven pence Halfpenny; and also a further Excise Duty, proportioned to the Degree of Strength in which such Spirits shall exceed the said Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, to be paid by tin* Importer thereof, before the Landing thereof:

For every Gallon of Spirits, diddled or made from Corn or Grain in Ireland, and imported into Great Britain, at a Strength not exceeding One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, to be paid by the Importer thereof, before the Landing thereof, an Excile Duty of Eight Shillings and Two-pence Halfpenny; and so in proportion for any higher Degree of Strength; and upon sweetened or compounded Spirits the said last mentioned Duty shall be computed and paid upon the highest Degree of Strength at which such Spirits can be made:

For every Gallon of Spirits distilled or made from Sugar in Ireland, and imported into Great Britain at a Strength not exceeding One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, to be paid by the Importer thereof, before the Landing thereof, an Excise Duty of Eight Shillings and Five-pence, and so in proportion for any higher Great Britain, Degree of Strength; and upon sweetened or compounded Spirits the said Duty shall be computed and paid Ks*1* upon the highest' Degree of Strength at which such Spirits can be made.

V. And be it further enacted, That in lieu and ir.stead of the Drawbacks by this Aii suspended, there shall, Drawbars on

Exportation of Spirits to ligand.

Content of Still in Highland!,

M. per Gallon.

Enplish Com Spirits import'd into Scotland, Cs.

Sj \tits imported into England,

7s. 5^1* (at One to Ten.) Projiorttoruil Dntv not exceeding 3 per Cent, over I'coos.

4s. 3d.

Scotch Sugar Spirits imported into England,

11 pi.

IVviportinnal Duty on 3 per Cent, over I'roof*

Irish Com Spirits imported into Grt-at Britain, 8s. qH. (at 1 to 10, and in 1 Y<>|>orti(>n.) Irish Sti_r«ir Spirits into

during such Suspension, be allowed and paid, for and in respetl of all Spirits of the Manufacture of Great Britain exported to Ireland, the following Drawbacks; (that is to fays)

For and upon every Gallon, Engljh Wine Measure, of all Spirits at the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, which shall be made or distilled from Corn or Grain in Great Britain, and exported from thence to Ireland, a Drawback of Eight Shillings and Two-pence Halfpenny, and so in proportion for any higher Degree of Strength:

For and upon every Gallon, Englifl: Wine Measure, of all Spirits at the Strength of One to Tea over Hydrometer Proof, which ftrnll be made or distilled from Sugar in Great Britain, and exported from thence to Ireland, a Drawback of Eight Shillings and Five-pence, and so in proportion for any higher Degree of Strength.

VI. And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties by this Act imposed, as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in England for the Time being; and that such Part thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the Time being.-

VII. And be it further enacted, That every Officer of Excise in England, having any Still or Still-house, or other Place used for the Purpose of making or distilling Spirits under his Survey, shall keep cxa& Accounts in his Books of all Worts and Wash whereon the Duties are by this Act\ imposed; and shall in his said Books give unto the several Distillers or Makers of Spirits under his Survey, a Credit of Twenty-one Gallons of .Spirits, of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, for every' One hundred Gallons of Worts or Wash brewed or made from Sugar by such Distiller or Distillers.

VLII. And be it enacted, That every Distiller in Scotland shall be charged with and pay the several and DifUifers in respective Duties by this Act imposed on Spirits made in Scotland, for the Consumption of Scotland, at and Sc0.*n«! shall her after the Rate of Twenty-one Gallons of Spirits for every One hundred Gallons of Wort or Wash, brewed or n'lowe 1 d llko

made

Rritifft Com JSpirits, 8s. '211.

British Su^ar Spirits, bs. id#

I)mics shall be under the Management of Excise Board.

Officers of Excise shall allot* Oilfillers 21 Gallons of Spirits, (at 1 to K> for 100 Gallons Wath.

maui

Ti 'portion vi Spirits-

644

Duty on Tbcrvfs in England W.

1 id. ptr Gallon.

Distiller* for !\k-jxirtationbetvvTtii En^l-wn! airl Scotian shall for 1 00 Gallons Wash produce '21 Gallons of Spirits; or pay 10s. per Gallon deficient.

Licence of Lifiillers in Low -iaiuls shall ceaio, on jmvjitcing 202; , Gallons for eachGa'lon Content of Still.

Licence of Pistil-lcrain Highlands shall cease, on producing 7 3 1 lailona of Spirits per Gallon <n-tent of Still.

Piftillera in England not liable to Penalty for difeonrinuinj? to tvoik on Expiration of Prohibi-tion.

Allowance to Diitish rs in Scotland on such Expiration of Eroliibition.

Licences for middling Spirits from SuLrar in Scotland after Dec, 1, 1 bOS.

Time for making Entry of Spirits

for Exj>ortation between England and Scotland. Entry may be made for such Exportation within .10 Days from the Period when Prohibition Hull cease, ic.

I/cences for <f\iid)<»Lr Spirits from Su-ar or Cimin in Scot Sand reflectively.

.152..48° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

made from Sugar by any such DiPLller; and every such Distiller fJiall have Credit, and be allowed Permits for Twenty-one Gallons of Spirits, of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, for every One hundred Gallons of Wort3 or Wafa as aforesaid, brewed or made and actually diililled into Spurs by such DiEller.

IX. And be it fmther enabled, That if any Did I Her in England shall make, distil, extract, or produce Quantity of Spirits, exceeding the Proportion of Twenty-one Gallons ior every One hundred Gallons of Wort or Y/afh brewed or made from Sugar as aforesaid, every Inch Distiller Ilndl pay Duty for all such Spirits erceed* ing the Proportion aforesaid (that is to say) at and after the Rate of Five Shillings and Eleven-pence Hailpenr.y for every Gallon of such Excels, computed at the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof.

X. And be it further enacted, That every Dikiller who th.'ll make or diitil Spirits in England for Exportation from thence to Scotland, or who fhr.il make or diitil Spirits in Scotland for Exportation from thence to England, llrall, for every One hundred Gallons of Wort or Walk, brewed or made from Sugar, for making or extracting Spirits for Exportation as aforesaid, produce to the Sight of the proper Officer or Officers of Excite at leal! Twenty-one Gallons of Spirits, of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof; and in every Case where the Produce of Spirits extracted ai d produced to the Sight of the proper Olhcor or 0Akers of Excise as aforesaid, drill fall (hurt of the Proportion aforesaid, every such Dilliller or Diibllcra shall, and he, ihc, and they is and are hereby made chargeable with and shall pay, for every Gallon ot Spirits winch faall io Ell lhurt Or be deficient, a Duty of Ten Smiling*.

XI. And be it further enacted, Tint when and so soon ns any Dilliller in the Lowlands of Scot hurl ft .11 have brewed or made and distilled into Spirits a Quantity of \\ ort or Wulh from Sugar, Ir.lTicient to produce Two thousand and twenty-five (Gallons of Spirits, of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Pivot", for each and every Gallon of the full Content or Capacity of t he Still or Stills specdkd or mentioned in the Licence granted so such Dilliller in the said Lowlands, computing Twenty-one Gallons of inch .Spirits, of the Strength aforesaid, for every One hundred Gallons of Wort or Walh, then and in every such Caie the Licence of such Dilliller shall cease and determine, and be no longer in force.

XII. And be it further enacDd, Tljat when and so ibon as any DiOiller in the Highlands of Scotb>r\! Hull have brewed or made and diddled into Spirits a Quantity of Wort or Walk from Sugar, iuffieient to produce Seventy-five Gallons of Spirits, of the Stcngth of One to Ten ever Hydrometer Proof, for each and every Gallon of the full Content or Capacity of the Still or Stilb specified or mentioned in the Licence granted tohion Dilliller in the said Highlands, computing Twenty-one Gallons of such Spirits, at the Strength ntcretnid, far every One hundred Gallons of such Wort or Walh, then and in every such Case the Licence of such Dilliller shall cease, and determine and be no longer in force.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Dilliller in England shall be fub: , e£t or liable to any Penalty, Forfeiture, or Prosecution for discontinuing to work, provided inch discontinuing is or ihr.ll he occasioued by the Expiration or other Termination of the Prohibition of the Use of Corn or Grain in the Distillation, by or under the Authority of Parliament; any Thing in this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament io the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further ennded, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Coinmifiloners of Excise in Scotland, and they are hereby authorized and required, in case of the Termination, by or under the Am homy of Parliament, of the Prohibition of the Use of Corn or Grain in the Distillation of Spirits, or of the Revival of the Laws which allow the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain, before any licensed Dilliller in Sat land shall have distilled into Spirits the full Quantity of Wort or Walh to which the Licence of any such Biihilcr Audi be limited, to pay and allow to such Distiller out of the Duties arihng by the Dillillery in Scotland, a Sum of Money equal to that which shall or may have been paid in advance by such Dilliller over and above the Quantity of Wort or Wafa made and Spirits actually distilled under and by virtue of any such Licence.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commifikmers of Excise in Scotland to license any Still or Stills in Scotland for the Purpose of dilliiling Spirits from Sugar, after ihc Distil. lation from Corn or Grain shall be prohibited: Provided, that no such Licence shall be granted to commence and take Effi-<5\ before the First Day of December One thousand eight hundred and eight; any Thing in ary Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no Dilliller or DitliUers in England or Scotland respectively, fled! be allowed to make Entry for, or to make or ditlil any Spirits from Sugar for Exportation from England to Scotland, or from Scotland to England, at any other Time than from and after the Firil Day of Dceenihr m each Year.

XVII. Provid 'd always, and be it further enacted, That when and so soon as any such Prohibition as afare-said, of the Use of Corn and Grain in tive Distillation of Spirits, shall cease and determine, it Until and maybe lawful to and for any Person or Persons in England or Sea land (vspectively, to make Entry for and to make or diflil Spirits from Corn and Grain for Exportation from England to Scotland, or from Scotland to Eng Ian!, at any Time within Thirty Days from the Period when such Prohibition shall oeale and determine: Provided ak), that no such Entry shall have Effect for any longer Period than until the Fu ll D <y oi (JJ .b-r then next tinning, nor shall any Inch Entry be made or admitted while any Spirits distilled from Sugar, or any Materials for such Diilillation shall be remaining on any Part of the Premises of such Dhliih r or Tiddlers} any Tiling in this or any other Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XVI

LI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, or the major Part of them, or to or for the respoctive Collators and Supervisor; of Excite in Scotland. by and with the Leave and Approbation of the said Commissioners, to grant a Licence or Licences to any Person or Persons to make or diilil Spirits from Sugar during any Period in which the Dili Iktt'ou of Spirits from Corn or Grain shall be prohibited, and also to grant Licences in l.ke Manner to any lG-Gu tr 3 T Pci so ns

-A .D. 1808.

48° GEORGII IIl.

C. 152. 645

Perform to make or diflil Spirits from Corn or Grain, at any Time after the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain shall, by or under the Authority of Parliament, be permitted or allow ed: Provided also, that no such last mentioned Licence shall be granted to take Effect before the Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and eight, nor for a longer Period than Until the Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and nine; any Thing in this or any other ASt to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Diitilier of Maker of Spirits in Great Britain shall, during Penalty (or ufint*

such Prohibition as aforesaid of the Use of Corn or Grain rn the Distillation of Spirits, make trie of or employ any ThingUb any Material, Commodity, Article or Thing whatsoever in brewing, making, or preparing Wort or Wafn for Sugar, except Distillation, save and except pure Yeast necessary for fermenting tire Wort 01* Wash, and save and except Sugar r<^Vn WoTt in the State in which the lame shall have been imported into this Kingdom, and without the fame having been DhUMauon,

previously diluted with Water or other Liquor, or undergone any Process or Manufacture whatever to alter the during i*f«-tame, every Distiller or Maker of Spirits so offending shall, for each and every Inch Offence, forfeit the Sum of lubition, sooL. Five hundred Pounds; and every Servant of any such Distiller or Maker of Spirits, and every other Person Servants, sob who during such Prohibition of the Use of Corn or Grain as aforesaid shall be aiding and assisting in the using (

of any other Material, Commodity, Article, or Thing whatsoever in brewing, making or preparing of Wort or Wash for Distillation, or in the making or distilling of Spirits, except pure Yea ft and Sugar as aforesaid, shall also, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and in Default of Payment shall suffer Three Months Imprisonment.

XX. And be it further enacted, That no Distiller or Maker of Spirits shall at any Time while he, she, or they Ti-nally on

shall have in his, her, or their Custody any Wort or Wash for Distillation, made or prepared from Sugar, or piftillyrs having while he, she or they shall be preparing or making any Wort or Wash from Sugar, or "diddling or extracting C'*f\o<ly Low Wines or Spirits from Wort or YVafh so made or prepared, take or receive into, or have or keep in his,

her or their Custody or Possession any Molasses exceeding the Quantity of One Pound, r.or any Wheat, Barley, y

Malt, Oats, Rye, Bear, or Big, which shall have been ground, excepting Malt not exceeding Five Quarters, or \Yrheat Meal or Wheat Flour not exceeding One Quarter, nor any Boer Grounds, Brewers' Tilts, or Worts or Wash made or prepared from any Material or Commodity whatsoever except Sugar, on Pain of forfeiting Five hundred Pounds.

XXI. And be it further enacted That no Distiller or Maker of Spirits shall take or receive into his, her, or Su<rar shall not their Custody or Possession, for the Purpose of Distillation into Spirits, any Quantity of Sugar less than One I*' received by reputed Tierce or Hogshead, on Pain of forfeiting One hundred Pounds. JViiHomu fatal!

XXII. And be it further enacted, That before any Distiller, of maker of Spirits, Audi receive or take into his Custody or Possession any Sugar for Distillation into Spirits, lie, she, or they shall give to the proper Officer of Excise Twenty-four Hours Notice in Writing, specifying the true Number of Tierces or Hog (heads of Sugar intended to be received or taken in, the Name and Place of Abode of the Person or Persons from whom such Sugar is to be received, and the Day on which it is intended to be taken in; and if any Distish-r or Maker of Spirits shall have Occasion to fell or send out any Sugar, every such Distiller or Maker of Spirits shall in like Marnier give to the proper Officer of Excise Twenty-four Hours Notice in Writing of his Intention to fund out such Sugar, and shall specify in every such Notice the true Quantity of Sugar intended to be feat out, and the Time when such Sugar is intended to be font out or delivered, and the Name of the Person to whom and Place to which such Sugar is intended to be sent; and if any Distiller or Maker of Spirits shall neglect or veful'e to give such Notice as aforesaid, or shall receive into or fend or deliver out of his Custody or Possession any Sugar without having given such previous Notice in Writing as aforesaid, every such Distiller or Maker of Spirits shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That during the Prohibition of the Use of Corn and Grain in the Distillation of Spirits as aforesaid, 110 Person shall be permitted to make use of any Still or Still-house, or other Place or Places, or Utenflls in England, for extracting or distilling Spirits from Sugar, which, within Two Years immediately preceding the Commencement of tins Act, shall have been used or employed in rectifying or com-

a ecu am Quantity,

5fpl.

Quantities. Notice to Officer when Sugar is taken in <>r lent Out by the

Diitilier.

FVraJtv for Neglect tool.

Dur'ru the IVrubitn n no Stills fiuiH he uhd in tins land ept thw.V. of Sir W. IVihop, k(\ which within '1 wo^cars shall have hen used in rfrfilaing Sj'iiits; nor any Still oflclS than tuoo lor

Dili illation lor loiuc

Consumption.

of less Capacity or Content than Three thousand Gallons, unless in the Case of any Distiller or Dillillers who, within One Year immediately preceding the passing of this Act, shall have in Ins entered Distilln v used or employed a Still duly entered of Ids Content for the Diilillntion of Spirits from Corn or Grain; and if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall make Entry or Use of any Ditlil house or Prcniifes except a-, her in before excepted, every such Entry shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes; and all and every Parlous or Person who shall make use of any such Dili house or Premises for the distilling or making of Spirits, shall be sub-

3ed and liable to all the Pains, Penalties, Fines, and Forfeitures to which Persons using private or unen-

tered Stills or Utenfds for making Spirits arc or we re I-abject or liable under any Act or Acts of Parliament in force at and immediately before the passing of this Act.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That as soon -.fur the passing of this Act as any Distiller or Mak^r of Spirits in Scotland for Exportation to England, shall have eeafod working or making Spirits from Corn or Grain, it shall be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Excise, in Scotland, and they are hereby authorised, empowered and required, to cause an exact and true Account to be tak'm, by Quantity and Strength, of all the Spirits made in Scotland for Exportation to England, and which shall be at such Time remaining in Scotland, and shall cause such Account to be transmitted to the Commissioners of Excise in England; and all such Spirits as may be Fg.ftly imported from Scotland into England shall be accompanied with a regular Permit or regular Permits, specifying whether such Spirits were made or distilled from Com or fr^rn Sugar; and such Spirits as shall have been difl died i)ul*, rs rn

or made from Com, shall, upon Importation into England, be charged and chargeable with all the Dulirs to Iu p-.riahu

48 Geo. III. 4 O

by

in Hand in Scotland, lor

tv ]>ri, a'.nn to Laglvui,

6^, 6 C« i^2*

48° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1808.

in

Scot* n»; i uj tvuil .'pit its distilled tiom Malt, K.e.

fulm-imt for Sale of other

Spirits.

Duties fl ail be 1« m< <} as ionuer Duties.

Former Acts shall remain in force, except whore other* ife provided in this

Aa.

which Spirits are or were subject and liable at and immediately before the passing of this Act, any Thing herein to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all Licences duly granted in Scotland to retail Spirits made or distilled from Malt, Corn, Grain, or other British Materials, shall be sufficient to authorize and empower all Persons, having any such Licence, to retail Spirits distilled or made in Great Britain from any Materials whatsoever, without Payment of any other or further Duty than is by Law payable for Licences to retail Spirits made or distilled from Corn or Grain; any Thing in any Act of Parliament to the contrary in anywise not* withstanding*

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Duties by this Act imposed, shall (except as herein otherwise specially directed or provided) be raised, levied, collected, recovered, secured, and paid by such Persons, at such Times, and in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, and under fuca Management, and under and subject to all and every the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Conditions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and with such Powers of adjudging and mitigating Penalties and Forfeitures, and with and subject to such and the like Powers, Rules, and Directions, and by such Methods, and in such Manner and Form ^except as before excepted) as the several and respective Duties on Worts or Wash for Distillation, and on Licences upon Stills, and also on Spirits, are or were provided, prescribed, or directed by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before and at the Time of patting this Act in relation to the Duties on Wort or Wash, or Spirits or Licences upon Stills, or for the Security ot due Collection of the said last mentioned Duties, or for preventing Frauds and Evaiions thereof, or for the Regulation of the Distilleries; and all the Powers, Authorities, Directions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Conditions, Penalties, and Forfeitures mentioned, and contained in the said Acts (except as before excepted) shall be practised and put in Execution forafeer-taming, raising, receiving, levying, recovering, securing, or paying the several and respective Duties by this Act imposed, in Manner in the said Acts directed, as fully and effectually to all Intents apd Purposes as if the fame were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed orcon-ftrued to extend, to repeal or alter any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act, relating to the dillil'ing or making Spirits in England or Scotland, or any of the Clauses or Provisoes therein, save and except the Duties and Drawbacks by this Act expressly suspended, and save and except so far as any such Act or Acts, or the Clauses, Provisions, Powers, or Authorities therein contained or granted are expressly repealed, suspended, revoked, altered, contracted or controlled by this present Act, or repugnant to any of the Provisions herein contained, ) but that all and singular the said former Acts and the several Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Powers, and Authorities therein contained or granted, and the Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures incurred or thereby imposed or provided for any Breach or Non-observance of the fame (except as aforesaid) shall remain and continue in as full Force and Effect as if this Act had not been made; any Thing herein to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, imposed by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by such Ways, Means or Methods as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excite, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that One Moiety ot every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

XXIX. 4 And whereas it is by this Act intended that the Duties of Customs on Sugar imported, so far as any such Sugar shall be used or employed in the Distillation of Spirits in Great Britain, shall be paid into the

Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, as Part of the Duties arising from the Distillation of Spirits; be it For ascertaining therefore enacted, That as soon as convenient after the Tenth Day of October> the Fifth Day of January, the and applying Fifth Day of dpril, and the Fifth Day of July, in each Year, and also as soon as convenient after the Expiration or other Termination of this Act, the Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them in England, shall certify to the Commissioners of the Customs in England, the Number of Gallons of Wort or Walk made or prepared from Sugar for Distillation into Spirits in England; and the Quantity of Sugar used and employed in making or preparing such Wort or Wash, reckoning or computing One hundred Weight of Sugar for every Fifty-four Gallons of Wort or Wafti so made or prepared as aforesaid, and the said Commissioners of Customs in England shall, and they are hereby authorized and required, on the Receipt of such Certificate, to pay or cause to be paid, out of the Money arising by the Duties on Sugar, to the Person appointed by the Commissioners of Excise in England to receive the Duties of Excise at the Chief Office of Excise in London, a Sum of Money equal to the full Duties of Customs on the Sugar so computed to have been used or employed in the making or preparing such Quantity of Wort or Wafti for Distillation as aforesaid; and the Receipt of the Person so appointed by the Commissioners of Excise in England to receive the Duties of Excise at the Chief Office of Excise in London, shall be a fufneient Discharge to the Commissioners of the Customs, or the Person ordered by them to pay over the said Money; and as soon as convenient after the before-mentioned Quarter-days respectively, and also after the Expiration or other Termination of this Act, the Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them in Scotland, shall certify to the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland the Number of Gallons of Spirits made or distilled in Scotland, and the Quantity of Sugar used in distilling or making such Spirits, reckoning or computing One hundred Weight of Sugar for every Ten Gallons and a Half of Spirits so charged with Duty as aforesaid; and the Commissioners of Customs in Scotland shall, and they are hereby authorized and required, on the Receipt of such Certificate, to pay or cause to be paid, out of any Money arising by the Duties on Sugar, to the Receiver General of Excise in Scotland, a Sum of Money equal to the full Duties of Customs on the Sugar so computed to have been used or employed in the distilling or making such Quantity

Recovery anil Application of Feualuct.

Duties of Customs on Su^nr used in I)illillation.

A.D. 1808. 48° GEORGII III. C. 152.

Quantity of Spirits as aforesaid; and the Receipt of the said Receiver General of Excise in Scotland shall be a Sufficient Discharge to the said Commissioners of Custonig in Scotland, or to the Person ordered by theta to pay over the said Money.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all the Money arising from the Duties by this Act imposed, including the Duties or Sums of Money directed to be paid over by the Commissioners of Customs, shall from Time to Time (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted) be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at H'estminster, and Two-third Parts of the said Money shall be carried to and be made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, and the other Third Part of the said Money shall be kept separate and apart from the other Branches of the Publick Revenue, and there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the said Receipt of Exchequer a Book or Books in which all Money arising by the last-mentioned One-third Part of the Money aforesaid shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, upon any Account whatever; and the said last-mentioned One-third Part of the said Monies, so paid into the said Receipt, shall from Time to Time, as the same shall be paid into the said Receipt, be issued and applied to such Services as shall then have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in this present Session of Parliament, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight, or shall be voted by the Commons for the Service of any subsequent Year; and the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury now and for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, arc and is hereby authorized and empowered to issue and apply the fame accordingly,

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Effect from and upon the Day on which the Diflillatiou of Spirits from Corn or Grain Hull, by virtue or in consequence of any Act or Acts of Parliament passed or to be-patTcd, be prohibited.

VjV 2 Ik

647

Application of Duties.

Commencement of A a.

[5fr 46 G. 3.

[C. 118.]

648 C.i — viii. 48° GEORGII III. A.D. 1808.

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED;

OR PRINTED COPIES WHEREOF ARE DECLARED. TO BE EVIDENCE.-

IV. B« — The Continuance of such of the following A Els as are temporary will be known (where it is not exfrcfjf* stated) by referring to the following Lift, according to the corresponding Letter in the 'Title*

(a) For 21 Years, &c. [i. e. to the End of the then next SeJ/ion'] from a Day named in the AS,

(b) For 21 Years, iffc* from the passing of the Ad,

(cj For 21 Years, isfc, after the End of the Term under former A Els,

All A Eli in this Lift, not distinguished by the Letters (q.P.) are Puulicr Acts; to each of which isannettL

a Clattfc in the Form following:

And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and (tall be 4i judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded."*

(q. P.)Quasi-Publick Acts, i. c. ABs to each of which is annexed a Clause in the Form following:

And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King's most Exrellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof, so printed, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices* u and others."

92 C. 3

Cap. i.

AN Act to continue and amend an Act of the Thirty-second Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Middleton in Teefdaley to the Gate in the new Inclosures, called The Edge, in the Parish of Saint Andrew*s Auckland, and a Branch therefrom to Eggleston Bridge, in the County of Durham, (b)

filth March 1808.]

Cap. ii.

Sccb. 11 G. 3. An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, light-c. 9.anHaJfo ing, and watching the Streets and Publick Passages in the Cty of Winchester, and several Parities in the

41 G a. Suburbs thereof, and for removing, and preventing Nuisances therein. [11th March 1808.]

c. cxxxxii.

CAP. iii.

G 3 <* 70 An act^or amending and enlarging the Powers of the several Acts relating to the Oxford Canal Navigation.

iyG. a. c. 9. 20G.3. c. 20, 34 G. 3. c. ioa. auG. 3, c, v, 47 0.3. ft. 2. a ix, filth March 1808.]

Cap. iv.

5 G. 3, c. 64. An Act for continuing and amending^ Two Acts of the Fifth and Twenty-seventh Years of His present Ma-37 G. 3. 9. jesty, for repairing the Road from Hurjlgreen to the Extent of the Parish of Burwajb, in the County of

Sffex. tb) [ilth March 1808.]

Cap. v.

9G. 3. c. 67- An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from ao G. 3. c. 97. Scale Bridge to Bury St, Edmunds, in the County of Suffolk* (b) [11th March l8c8.J

36 G. 2. C. 76. 18 G.3. t. 92. 34 G. 3.C. 118.

Cap. vi.

An Act for enclohng Lands in Chapel AlUrton, in Hie West Riding of the County of York, (q, P.)

[ 11 th March 1808.]

Cap. vii.

An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers of Three Acts, for repairing the Road from Aer-thalhrton, through Thirjle and Eafngwold, to Burton Stone, near the City of York, and also the Road from Thirsk to Topdffcy in the County of York, (u) [l1st March i8c8.]

9 & 4 W. & M.

c. 37.

21 G. 2. C. 8. 40 0 3. c. xtvli. 4? G 3. ft. 2. r. v. & f. hixu.

Cap. viii.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the E?.il London Water Works to purchase certain other Water Works, and to amend an Act of the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty relating to the said East London Water Works. [l1st March 1808.]

The East London Water Works Company empowered to purchase the Shadwell and WeffHam Water Work* from the London Dock Company."

7

A.D. 1808. 48° GEORGII III. C.ix — xxi. 649

Cap. ix.

An Act: for better assessing and collecting the Poor and other Rates in the Parish oi^Sa'int Saviour, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, and regulating the Poor thereof, [21st March 1*808.3

[6>r 44 Geo. 3. c. lvii. aftmilar Act.]

Cap. x.

An Act to continue the Term, and after and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts of His late and present Majesty, 33 G. 2. <*. 46. for repairing the Roads from Hinckley to Melbourne Common, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, 14 G. 3. c. 110, in the Counties of Lticcsler and Derby, (b) [2 lit March 1808.]

Cap. xi.

An Act for completing the Improvement of the Port of Bristol.

[21st March 1808.33 G. 3. c. cxl.

Bristol Dock Company empowered to raise 180, 000l. additional. — Works shall be completed by 1st May 46)*c-»*v* u 1809, or the Rates granted under former Acts shall cease. — New Tonnage Duties granted: — And also New*Rates on Goods imported."

Cap. xii.

An Act for enclosing Lands in the Parish of Eafngton, in the North Riding of the County of York. fq. P.)

[21st Marc!) 1808.]

M No Lease by the Rector of Lands allotted under this Act valid, without Consent of the King as Patron of u the Rectory. §16."

CAP. xiii.

An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining 33 g. 3, c. n9r the Barnsley Canal Navigation, and certain Railways and other Roads to communicate therewith 5 and for* increasing the Rates, Tolls, and Duties thereby granted.

[28th March tSoS.J

Cap. xiv

An Act to continue several Acts for granting a Duty of Two Pennies Scots upon Ale and Beer brewed in the Town of Abcrbrothocl, in the County of Forfar, (r) [28th March 1808.]

Cap. xv.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Leeds to Rounday, in the West Riding of the County of York, (u) [28th March 1808.]

Cap. xvi.

1 1 G. 2. c. 4. 3 G. 3. c. 28. 27 G. 3. c. 46.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of- Miuera, in the Parish of Wrexham, in the County of Den* high. (q. P.) [28th March 1808.]

u An Allotment of One-twentieth of the Common to His Majesty as entitled to the Soil and Seigniority as

Part of the Revenues of the Principality of Wales. §1.23. — Extract of Award shall be transmitted to Surveyor

of Land Revenue. §30. — Saving, of the King*s Rights and Profits of Mane rial Jurisdiction, §38."

Cap. xvii.

An Act for regulating the Statute Labour, and repairing the Highways and Bridges, in the County of Dum^ barton. (b) [14th April 1808.]

Cap. xviii.

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the CroydonCanal to complete- the famei April 1808.3 41 G. 3.

Company empowered to raise 30, 000l. Additional." c' cxxv^i<

Cap. xix.

An Act for continuing the Term of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from the Town 6 G. 3. c. 92. of Buldenden, to join the Turnpike Road which leads from AJlf 'ord to Feversham, at Boundgaie, in the County 25 G. 3. c. 103. of Kent. (<r) [14th April 1808.]

CAP. xx.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of so much of an Act, of the Forty-second Year of His Majesty's 42 G. % u xbii* Reign, as relates to building and maintaining a House of Correction in and for the City and County of Aber-dccn. £14th April 1808.]

14 Power to raise further Sums on Credit of the Rates, /*"

CAP. xxi.

An Act for better assessing and collecting the Poor and other Rates, in the Pari&of Saint Mary Newington, in the County of Surrey, and regulating the Poor thereof. £l4th April

Cap. ix* and Note tlerei J

in W. 3.

c. 6. pr.

13 G. 3. c. 60.

5 Cr. ». C. S*.

t6G. 3. c. 146.

17 G. 3. c. 71.

14 G. 2. c. 16.

1 t G. 3. o. 83. 3?G. 3. c. 15*.

6 G. 3. C. 50. 27 G. 3. C. S6.

26 G. Q. C. 40.

10 G. 3. C. 07. 38 G. 3. f.xxviiii

10 G. 3. c. 76. 3o G. 3. c. 97.

7 G. 3. c. 77. ti G. 3. c. oi.

C G. 3. c. 60. 2b G. 3. C. 124.

16 G. 3. c. 75. 36 G.3. C. 144.

6 G. 3. C. SB. 3; G. 3. .60.

C. xxii — xxxv. 48" GEORGII III. A.D. 1808.

Cap. xxii.

An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act of King William the Third, for ending Hospitata and Workhouses, in the Borough of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, and for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there.

[14th April 1808.]

Cap. xxiii.

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, for draining and preserving certain Lands and Grounds in the Parishes of Tid Saint Giles, and Newt in in the JJle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, and in Till Saint Mary's, in the County of Lincoln, and for adding thereto certain other Lands in Tid Saint Mary's aforesaid, lying contiguous to the Lands described in the said Act.

[14th April 1808.]

Cap. xxiv.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Barton Wat erfdc House to Rif (ham Hedge Corner, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Lincoln, (c) [14th April 1808.]

Cap. xxv.

An Act to continue the Term and niter and enlarge the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for making and repairing a Road from the Weil End of GainfOorough Bridge to Eaf Retford, and to Gringlcy-upon-the-Hill, in the County of Nottingham, (r) [ 14th April 1808.]

f Cap. xxvi.

An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of Three*Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Ta deafer Bridge, within the County of the City of York, to a Place called Hobmoor Lane End. (n) [14th April 1808.]

Cap. xxvii.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Beverley by Molescroft to Kendell House, and from Molescroft to Bainion Bali, in the County of To> k. (b) [14th April

Cap. xxviii.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering the Powers of several Acts for repairing the Road from Carlifu to Penrith, and from Penrith to Earnout Bridge, in the County of Cumberland* (a) [14th April iSofc.J

Cap. xxix.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Neva Chapptl, in the County of Surrey, to Ditcheling Bojl Hills, in the County of Sussex; and for amending the Road from Ditcheling Bfl Hills to Brighthclmfone, in the County of Sussex, (b) [leph April iScS.J

Cap. xxx.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Seventh and Eleventh Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Spernal Afs, in the County of Warwick, through Studley, to the Town of Birmingham, (c) [14th April 1808.]

Cap. xxxi.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Wir If worth Turnpike Road, in the Hamlet of Iderid^e-Jbay, to the Town of Duffield, in the County of Derby, (a) [14th April 1S0S.J

Cap. xxxii.

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cromford Bridge to Langley Mill, in the County of Derby, (c) [14th April 1808.]

Cap. xxxiii.

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts of His present Majestr, for repairing the Road from the Market Cross, in the Township of Clitheroe, to Salford Bridge, in the Town of Blackburn, for diverting a Part of the said Road, and for making a Branch of Road to communicate with the Blackburn and Prefon Road, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster. [a) [14th April 1808.]

Cap. xxxiv.

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Two Districts of Roads therein described, leading from High Bridges to Uttxeter, and from Spath to the Halfway from thence to Hanging Bridge, in the County of Stafford.

[14th April 1808.]

Cap. xxxv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Gay wood and Mtntlyn, in the County of Norfolk. ^(q. P.)

A.D. 1808. 48° GEORGII III. xxxvi — xlvi. 651

Cap. XXxvi.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Thakeham, Sullingtony and Shiphyi in the County of Sussex. (q. P.)

[14th April 1608.]

Cap. xxxvii.

An Act to continue and amend Two Acts for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Road at IVrot ham Heath, in the County of Kent, to the Turnpike Road leading from Croydon to Godjionet in the County of Surrey. (c)

[27th May ii)o8.J

Cap. xxxviii.

An Act to continue the Term, and alter the Powers, of Two Acts, for repairing the Road from the Mansfield and Chesterfield Turnpike Road, to Buntingfield Nooky in the County of Derby; and for making a new Road from Tupton Nether Green to Stubbing Edge Lane and Knot Cross, in the said County, (c)

[_27th Alay 1808.]

Cap. xxxix.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Great Walsingham, Little Walfmgham, and Houghton next IValfing ham> in the County of Norfolk, (q. P.) [27th May 1808.]

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.']

b G. 3. c. 6*. 27 G.a. c.; o.

6 G. 3. c. 87. G. 3. c. bU.

Cap. xl.

An Act to alter and amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for draining, pre- 25 G. 3. c. 92; serving, and improving certain Low Grounds and Carrs, in the several Parishes of Saint John of Beverley, and of Skidby, in the East Riding of the County of York.

[27th May 1808.]

Cap. xli.

An Act for building a Bridge over the River Nefs, at Inverness, widening certain Streets, improving the present Harbour, extending the Royalty, supplying the Inhabitants with Water, regulating the Police, and lighting the Streets of the said Burgh.

[27th May 1808.]

a Pontage Duties granted. §3. Powers to improve Harbour. § n."

XII. And be further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall, after the passing of this Act, Penalty on wilfully and maliciously set on Fire any of the Piers, Quays, Jetties, Breads, or other Works in or belonging destroying to the said Harbour, or any of the Materials intended for any of the said Works, every such Person or Persons lo^offending, upon being lawfully convicted thereof, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Punishment t * by Transportation, Fine, or Imprisonment, at the Discretion of the Judge or Judges before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be tried and convicted.

M Rates on Merchandize shipped or landed at the Harbour, according to a Schedule. §19. — The Royalty of w the Burgh of Inverness extended. §33."

CAP. xlii.

An Act for regulating the Police of the Barony of Gorbals, in the County of Lanerk; paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets and Passages thereof, erecting a Bridewell or Workhouse therein, and for other Purpose8 relating thereto.

[27th May 1808.]

14 Continuance of Act as to levyring Asse Aments and appointing Officers 5 14 Years, &c. from the passing of the M Act."

Cap. xliii.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parish of Manchester % in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[27th May 1808.]

ft Jurisdiction extends to 5l. — A Barrister of Six Years (landing to be appointed by His Majesty, or by the " Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster, to be Chairman of the Commissionen, with a calling Vote. — Record " of Judgment may be removed into Superior Courts, and Execution issued thereon."

Cap. xliv.

An Act for the further Supply of the City and Suburbs of Glasgow, and Places adjacent, with Water.

[27th May 1808.]

Cap. xlv.

An Act for paving, cleansing, watching, lighting, and regulating the Streets, and other publick Places, within the Town of Termoy, in the County of Cork, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Obstructions therein, and for establishing a proper Police in the said Town. ^27th May 1808.]

4<5 G. 3.

C. CXXXYu

Cap. xlvi.

An Act for making a Railway from or near to the Town of Kilmarnock, in the County of Ayry to a Place

called The Troony in the said County. t27^ May 1808.]

The Kilmarnock and Troon Railway Company incorporated, $ I."

LXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully, maliciously, and to the Prejudice of DrftroyUvr the'

the said Undertaking, break, throw down, damage, destroy, deal, or take away any Part of the said Railway, Work*, fmgl*

or other Works to be erected and made by virtue of this Act, every Person offending, and being thereof lawfully* convicted, shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases

6 or

A.D. 1808.

Slower to mike $Vet Docks, &c.

Penalty on delaying Works, iingle felony.

01 C. 3. c. 5<u 00.3. c. xxxi, 04 C. 3. c. xxxv.

*>C. 3, c. 7.

C. xlvi — lu 48' GEORGII III.

or bcfoi'e whom such Pci foil shall be tried and convicted 0iall have Power and Authority to caiife such Person t<# be pmiidird in like Manner as Felons are directed to be punished by the Laws of Scotland, or iu Mitigation of such Punishment, such Courts may, if they shall think fit, award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cak* of arbitrary Punishment*

Cap. xlvii.

An Act for the Improvement of the Harbour of Troon, iltuate on the West Coast of the County of Ayr*

[27th May 1808.]

WHEREAS Her late Majesty Queen Anne, by Charter bearing- Date the Fifth Day of August, and ' sealed at Edinburgh the Tenth Day of October, in the Year of our Lord One tltoufand seven hundred and seven, granted to William Fullerton and his Heirs, therein mentioned, the Port, Marine Station, and Har-< hour of Troony therein declared to be a Free Port, Marine Station, and Harbour, with Power to improve, repair,

erect, and build the fame, for receiving all .Ships, Boats, and other Vessels, and to levy and apply to their own ' Use the Anchorages, and all petty Cuiloms, Casualties, and Duties thereof: And whereas the said Harbour of

Troon, which is iituaie on the West Coast of Hie County of Hyr, in its present State, docs not afford sufficient

Security and Accommodation to Vessels lying therein: And whereas by erecting Piers or Ramparts, enlarginglhe

said Harbour, and making a Wet Dock, with a sufficient Quay or Qaays thereto for the convenient loading and unloading of Ships, and by making and maintaining such other Works as may be necessary for their Reception

and convenient lying therein, the said Harbour would be rendered safe and commodious to the great

Benefit of Owners of Vessels, Merchants, and others, trading to and from the same, and would be of pumick '* Utility: and whereas the Moll Honourable William Henry Cavertdjh Bentinck Scott, commonly called Mar-€ quis of Titc/j/re/dy now claims to be Proprietor of the said Harbour, and is desirous, at his own Expence, of enlarging the said Harbour, and of erecting, making, ainl maintaining the said Wot Dock, Piers or Ramparts, Quays and such other Works as are necessary for the Improvement of the said Harbour, and Accommodation of Vessels lying therein; but as the said Anchorages, petty Customs, Casualties, an'd Duties, would be made-

quate to such his Purpose, and have not been properly ascertained, it would be expedient that the fame Should be abolished, and that other Rates and Duties should be granted and made payable: But as the fame cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament f May it therefore pleufc Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Harbour for the Time being, and he, (he, and they is and are hereby authorized and empowered, from Time to Time, to ered, , .make, build, do, maintain, and support such Wet Docks, Entrances, Piers, or Ramparts, Quays, Buoys, and such other Works, as he, she, or they shall deem necessary or expedient for the Improvement of the said Harbour of Troon, and for the Reception and Accommodation of Ships and Vessels lying therein, and for the convenient lading and unlading of such Ships and Vessels.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who shall at any Time or Times hereafter wilfully or designedly demolish, break down, destroy, or set on Fire the said Wet Docks, Piers, Quays, Wharfs, or any of them, or any the Works which shall be constructed in, or which shall belong to the said Harbour, or shall wilfully do any Damage to any of the Shipping or Goods within the same, or shall wilfully or designedly extingmfh or put out any of the Lights used in or belonging to the said Harbour, for the Safety or Protection of the Ships or other Vessels referring to the fame, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and the Court by and before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried and convicted, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person or Persons to be transported for the Term of Seven Years, or in Mitigation of Punishment may award Sentence of Fine or Imprisonment, at the Discretion of the Judge or Judges before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be tried and convicted.

Cap. xlviii*

An Act for making a navigable Cut from the East Side of the River Tees, near Stockton, into the said River jtear Portrack, in the County of Durham; and making various other Improvements in the Navigation of the said River between the Town of Stockton, and the Sea.

[27th May 1808.]

The Tecs Navigation Company incorporated. — Tonnage Duties, and Light-House Duties, granted."

Cap. xlix.

An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of the several Acts relating to the Worccsler and Binning am Canal Navigation.

[27th May 1808.]

The Company empowered to raise a further Sum of 168, 000l.: and 40, 000l. more, if necessary."

Cap. 1.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Hundred of CoJ/Irath, and other Places therein mentioned, in the County of Kent.

[27th May 1808.]

Jurisdiction, 51. §14. — Nut to extend to Complaints respecting Servants and their Wages, provided fer by 41 20 Geo. 2. c. 19. and 31 Geo. 2. c. 11. — Record of Judgment removeable into Superior Court, acd Execution thereon. — No Privilege to Attornies."

Cap. li.

An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the City of Rochester, the Parish of Strood, and several other Parties and Places in the County of Kent.

r ...JDy

[JunjdiQm exUn to cl. J

A.D. 1808.

48° GEORGII III.

C. Hi — lxiii.

Cap. ln«

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from MAdfone to fcy Street, in the County of Kent's (r) [17th May 1808.]

Cat. iiii. '

[27th May 1808.] Cap. liv.

An Act to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of an Act for repairing the Road from Kinross, in the County of Kinross, to Alloa, in the County of Clack martiti. (I/) £27th May 1808.]

Cap. !v.

An Act for repairing the Road from the Town of At bey in the County of Kildare, to the Town of Cafllecomer, in the County of Kilkenny* and to the Town of Leighlin Bridge in the County of Carlow, and from the Town of Carlow to the said Townpf Cafllecomer. (a) [27th May 1808.]

Cap. lvi.

An Act to continue the Verm, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Three Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing the Road from (hjhrfeld, in the County of Derby to Worksop, in the County of Nottingham, and other Hoads in the said Acts mentioned, fu far as the same relate to the Road from Chefcrfcld to Work* fop. [b) [27th May 1808.]

'*Cap. lvii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Nottingham and Mansfield Turnpike, in the Liberty of Blidworth to the Colliery near Pinxton Green, in the County of Nottingham. [c) C27^ May 1808.]

Cap. lviii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from I Cork fop, in the County of Nottingham* to Attercliffe, in the County of York. (b) [27th May 1808.]

1 Act for continuing and amending an Act, pafRd in the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Nottingham to the Town of MansfeUl, in the County of Nottingham. (b)

Cap. lix.

An.

pairing \

[27th May 1808.]

Cap. lx.

An Act for amending an Act, pnfTed in the last Session of Parliament, for making and maintaining Roads from Percy*! Cross to Mif chi Burn, and from Wavier to Bowfdon Burn, in the County of Northumberland.

[27th A/gy 1808.]

[New Tolls granted.']

6 5 3

9C. 3. c. 79. 28 G. 3. c. 9J.

I9G. 2. c. 4.

7 Cr. 3. C. 70. as g. 3. c. 95.

37 G. 3. c. 171.

Infli Acts,

25 G. 2. c. 19. 13 & 16 G. 3-

c. J3.

Kopetled.

12 G. 2. C. If..31 G. 2. c. 60. 26 G. 3. c. 15*.

28G. 3. C. 99. pr.

4 G. 3. c. 52

26 G. 3 C. 125.

27 G. 3. c. 76.

47 G. 3. ft. 2.

C. xiiu

Cap. Ixi,

An Act to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Aft3, for repairing the Road from Tunbridge 6 G. 3. c. 85. Wells, in the County of Kent* to Ringles Ctofs, near JJchfeld, in the County of Sujftx. (r) [27th May 1808.3 14 G* 3. c. 97*.

Cap. lxii.

An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Key Bridge across the River Avon in the Borough of Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucrjler* and for making and forming convenient Roads thereto.

[27th May 1808.3* Present Bridge may be pulled down by Trustee3, and a temporary Bridge erected till the new Bridge, to bc 14 built under this Act, is completed. §14. 54.,

L. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully blow up, pull down or destroy Penalty on inim*

the present Bridge or the said temporary Biid<je, or the said new Bridge, or any Pier or Piers, Arch or Arches incihe

thereof, or any Part or Parts thereof, or the Toll Houses or Toll Gates, Side B; u*s or Chains erected or frt up or to finol* le erected or set up upon or near the said Bridges, or any of them, or any of the Works, Buildings or Erections made in pursuaner of this Act, or cause or procure or direct the same to be done, every Person l'o offending on being convicted thereof dull be deemed guilty of Felonx* and the Court before w hom inch Person shall be tried and convicted, shall have Power and Authority to cauic such Person or Persons to be traufponed for the Term of Seven Years, or may in Mitigation of such SPunishment pronounce such Sentence as the Law directs in C'afeJ «f Petit Larceny.

Cap. ixiii.

Act for repairing the Road from Fofon Bridge* through the Town of Granth w, to the XY.vision Stone on IVi-

thum Common, all in the County of Lincoln, and for repealing levcrnl Acts relating thereto, (a) [27th May 1808.] u G* f

6 0.3. c. 83. 36 G. 3, c. 1J8. 13 G. 3. c. 8, 2lG.2. c.u. 2; G. a. 4.92. A)l v xo IV % v\ % Wider \Uit A*t

4P

48 Geo. III.

654

A.D'. i8c8.

9 G. .3. c. 65. 31 G. 3. c. 1'25.

I 2 G. 1. C. 9.

3 G. 2. c. 6.

2# G. 2. c. i;

5 G. 3. C. JO. 27 G. 3. c. 74.

25 O. 2. c. 2 % . 20 G. 2. c. 03. 28 G. 3. c. 112.

7 G. 3. c. 84.12 G, 3. C. 02.

'A G. 3. c. 51. t> G. 3. C. 23.

8 1 G. 2. C. 29.

So mn, h of jrri; iv*3 Art, iStr §24, 'J8, ) a1* iv!ju-s io Br» a<l drG itat in Wo^lu within tlir Rills of Mortality, &c, njeaVJ.

of fri7ilJg

a; xt weighing Brrad, yfi., irjjt in J.o.H W;

Sir § 0.) fulp«<fte«l to be A firicm in \Sright.

C. lxiv — Ixx.

48° GEORGII III.

Cap. lxiv.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Alacclesfeld to 'Nether Talley, in the County of Chester, and for making a new Road from Bit ties to M, iem clefieldaforesaid. (47) [27th May iSc8.j

Cap. lxv.

An Act for the more effectually repairing a certain Road called The Watting Street Ready and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Salop and Stafford, [a) [[27th May 1808.]

4 G. 3. c. 70. 12 G. 3. c. 77« All repealed as to Roads under this Act.

Cap. Ixvi.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts of His present Majesty* for repairing the Roads from Keyberry Bridge to the Passage at Shalldony and from the said Bridge to the Pier or Harbour of Torquay, in the County of Devon. (b) £27111 May 1808.]

Cap. lxvii.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two several Act of His late and present Majesty* for amending the Road from Shrewsbury to Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, and from Wrexham to Chrfler, and several other Roads therein mentioned, so far as respedis the Chester Ditti id of the said Roads, (b) [27th May 1808.]

Cap. lxviii.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts of His present Majesty for repairing the Roads from Tunbridge Wells in the County of Kent, to S'wiftfden, and from Frant to Pojjing-worth Great Wood; and for amending a certain Piece of Road communicating with the said Roads, (b)

[27th May 1808.]

Cap. lxix.

An Act for removing Doubts as to the Application of certain Surplus Monies paid for mcafnring, sea rolling, and sealing Cloth, in the West Riding of the County of York, under Two Acts ol His present Majesty.

[27th May iS*cS.]

The Surplus of Sums received for the Duties on measuring, (lamping, and sealing Cloths under the Acts, 44 5 G. 3. c. 51. & 6 G. 3. c. 23. after the Application thereof under §28, of the Act, 5 G. 3. & $ 24, 44 of the Act, 6 G. 3. may be annually applied under Order of the Michaelmas Quarter Sessions, in Payment of Colb and Expences incurred by the Trustees of the mixed and White Cloth Halls, in Leeds, by Appiica* 44 tions to Parliament, and Prosecutions relating to the weaving and making of Cloth in the West Riding, and carrying the said Acts and this Act into Execution."

Cap. Ixx.

An Act to alter and amend an Act of the thirty-first Year of His late Majesty for the due making of Bread, to regulate the Price and Assize thereof: and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread, so far as the fame relates to the weighing of Bread to be baked and fold within the Weekly Bills of Mortality and within Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange.

[27th Afy 1808.]

WHEREAS the Provisions and Regulations contained in the Statute made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty Ring George the Second, intituled, an Act for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof > and to pun jh Persons who flail adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread\ so far as the fame relates to the weighing of Bread, and to the punishing of Persons whose Bread shall be found deficient in Weight, have been found defective; and it is expedient that other Provisions and Regulations should be made in lieu thereof in respect to the weighing of Bread within the weekly Bills of ' Mortality, and within Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, except as hereafter is excepted, and the punishing of Persons re tiding within those Limits whose Bread shall be found deficient in Weight May it therefore please Your Majesty, That it may be enabled, and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the said Act as relates to the weighing of Bread, and the punishing of Persons whose Bread shall be found deficient in Weight, so far as the fame extends to Persons residing within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and within Ten Mihs of the Royal Exchange, except as hereafter is excepted, shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed; and in (lead thereof, be it enacted, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons redding within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within Ten Miles of the R if at Exchange, except as aforesaid, who shall make any Bread for Sale, or who ball send out, or expose to or for Sale, any Bread, shall at any Time from and after the passing of this Act, make, send out, fell, or expose to or for Sale, any Bread which shall be deficient in Weight, according to the Assize which shall be set, for any such Bread, from Time to Time to be sold at, in pursuance of any Act or Acts then in force for regulating the Price and A!uze of Bread, then it shall be lawful for any Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace, within the Limits of their respective Jurisdictions, before whom any Information shall he given upon the Oath of One or more credible Witnesses of any such Deficiency in Weight; and also for any Peace Officer or Officers authorized by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of any such Ma f (trite or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, (and which Warrant any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, is and are hereby empowered to grant upon receiving such Information upon Oath as aforesaid),

A.D. 1808.

4S0 GEORGII III.

C.lxx. 655

Penalty 5s. to It* j>rr(.un.e ddi : ieut.

Sailers of JP<"a<( Hull ri p Stdlcf in t)r ir Shops, and h Jh< a J for their

fYnahr for

208.

to 6s.

at seasonable Times in the Day-time, to enter into any House, Shop, Stall, Bakehouse, Warehouse# or Out-house, of or belonging to any such Baker or Seller of Bread, against whom such Information shall have been made as aforesaid, to search for, view, weigh, and try all such Bread as shall be then and there found, and shall have been baked within Twenty-four Hours next preceding the Time of the fame being so weighed, and which Bread may be weighed by the Bushel, or in any larger or lmaller Quantity, as may be found most convenient: And if on the weighing'of such Bread any Deficiency shall be found in its due Weight, on the Average of the whole Weight of all such Bread as shall be then and there found, and which shall have been baked within Twenty-four Id ours as aforesaid, and which Deficiency shall be proved before such Magistrate or Magistrates, Just ice or Justices, upon the Oath or Oaths of the Party or Parties weighing the fame, then he or they so offending in the Premises, and being thereof convicted in Manner as by the said Act is directed, shall*-T it and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Shillings, norless than One Shilling for every Ounce of Bread which inch be found deficient in Weight on the Average of all such Bread as shall have been lo weighed, and so in proportion for every Deficiency of Weight less than an Ounce, as any such Magistrate or M.igi ft rates, Justice or Justices, before whom any such Deficiency in Weight shall be proved as aforesaid, shall think fit to order, except as hereafter is excepted: And any such Magi (Irate or Magi ft rates, Justice or Justices, Peace Officer or Peace Officers, within the Limits of their respective Jurisdictions, may in such Case, where there is a Deficiency of Weight on the Average as aforesaid, seize all such Loaves as shall be found deficient in their due Weight; and any such Magi ft rate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, may dispose thereof as he or they in his or their Discretion shall think fit, except it fin'll be proved to any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, by or on the Behalf of the Parties against whom any such Information shall be made, by the Oath, or Affirmation, being a Quaker, of any One or more respectable Housekeeper, that such Deficiency in Weight wholly arose from some unavoidable Accident in baking, or otherwise, or was occasioned by or through some Contrivance or Confederacy.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Baker and Seller of Bread within the Weekly Bills of Mortality,

and within Ten Miles of the Rr.yaf Escha?/ry except as aforesaid, shall have fixed in some convenient Place of his or her Shop a Beam and Scales, with proper Weights of the Assize Weight of a Quartern Loaf and an Half Quartern Loaf; and that any Person or Persons who may purchase any Quartern or Half Quartern Loaf

or Loaves of Bread of any fuel) Baker or Seller of Bread, may, if he, she, or they shall think proper, require CuHomers. the same to be weighed in his, Lei*, or their Presence; and if any such Loaf or Loaves shall be found deficient in Weight, then the Person or Persons demanding the same to be so weighed fh.Jl have the Deficiency made up with other Bread, or another I .oaf or Loaves given in lieu thereof, as may be requited.

III. And be it further enacted, That any Baker or Seller of Bread within the Weekly Bills cf Mortality, or within Ten Miles of the Royal Eschar: ?/, except as aforesaid, who shall neglect; to fix inch Beam and Scabs in some convenient Part of his or her Shop; or to provide and kem for Use proper Weights, or whole Weights shall be deficient in their due Weight, or who shall refuse to weigh any Quartern or Half Quartern Loaf or Loaves purchased in his, her, or their Shop, in the Prclence of the Party or Parties requiring the fame, he,

(he, or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, nor Ids than Five Shillb.gs, as the Magistrate or Magistrate9, Justice or Justices, before whom such Offender shall be convicted, shall think fit.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and singular the Clauses, Provisions, and Directions contained in the said recited Act io far as the same are not altered or repealed by this Act, shall respectively extend and relate to this Att, so far as the same are applicable to the Purposes thereof, and shall be exerdfed for putting the fame in Execution, and enforcing the Provisions and Directions thereof, in such and the same Manner as if the fame Clauses were herein contained, and at large re-enacted; and the Penalties by this Act indicted, shall be recovered and applied in like Manner as the Penalties by the said Act indicted, are directed to be recovered and applied by the same Act, or by any iuhsequent Act for amending the same.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Matter, Mistress, Journeyman, or other Pevfon respectively exercising, or employed in the Trade or Calling of a Baker, within the City of London, or within Twelve Miles of the find City, shall on the Lord's Day, or on any Part thereof, make or bake any Household or other Bread, Rolls, or Cakes, of any Sort or Kind, or flirt)!, on any Part of the said Day, excepting between the Hours of Nine of the Clock in the Forenoon, and One of the Clock in the Afternoon, on any Pretence whatsoever, sell or expose to Sale, or permit, or (offer to be sold, or exposed to Sale, any Household or other Bread, Rolls, or Cakes of any Sort or Kind, or bake, or deliver, or permit or fuller to be baked or delivered, any Meat, Pudding, Pie, Tart, or Victuals, except as herein after is excepted, or in any other Manner exercise the Trade or Calling of a Baker, or be engaged or employed in the Business or Occupation thereof, save and except so far an may be necesiary in setting and superintending the SpongA to prepare the bread, or Dough, for the following Day's Baking: And every Person offending against the foregoing Regulations, or any One, or more of them, or making any Sale or Delivery hereby allowed, between the Hours aforesaid, otherwise than within the Bakehouse or Shop, and being thereof convicted before nay Justice of the Peace of the County, City, or Place, where the Offence shall be committed, witlfin Six Da*, shorn the Com-imfliun thereof, either upon the View of such Justice, or on Coniclfion by the Party, or Proof, by One or mare Witncfh or W; inches upon Oath, shall for every such Offence, forfeit, pay, and undergo the Forfeiture,

Pe aky, and Puiulhmewt, herein after mentioned, that is to say, for the first Offence, the Penalty of Ten Shillings; for the fecund Offence, the Penalty of Twenty Shillings, and for the third, and ewry subsequent Offence respectively, the Penally of Forty Shillings, and shall moreover on every such Conviction, bear and pay the Colls and Expences of the Prosecution, such Colls and Expences to be affeifed, settled; and aicer-tai led by the Justice convicting, and the* Amount thereof, together with such Part of the Penalty, as such Justice shall think proper, to be allowed to the Prosecutor or Prosecutors, for Loth 04 Time in inilitutng and

Potters of Aff.

l G. 2. c. -20.

fMrndi'd 10 ftiis

Aa.

Bali or; fliaM n >t itread or

Rolls on

Swinl.1 % ^: nor lull intad, n«r

X-o.

*v cjit'iT»n

\uir V 11 on

4P 2

}iti2ed by

Pr«ai) first Gin n t- lwi. S-r 20k.

1 iu'\l, iLo.; 0

It - r r, v-v? viti

M \»b' J'i'.'Q U*-urr.

following up the Prosecution, at a Rate not exceeding Three Shillings Diem, and to be paid to the Pro-f-cutor or Prosecutors, for his and their own Use and Benefit; and the Residue of such £*nalty to be paid to such Justice, and within Seven Days after his Receipt thereof to be trapsmitted by him to the Churchwardens* or Overseers of the Parish or Pari flics where the Offence shall be committed, to be applied for the Benefit of the Poor thereof; and in case the whole Amount of the Penalty, and of the Coils and Expences, as aforesaid, be not paid within Fourteen Days after Conviction of the Offender or Offenders, such Justice {hail, and may, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, direct the same to be levied and raised, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, and in Default or Infufiicicncy of such Distress, commit the Offender or Offenders, to the IToufe of Correction, on a first Offence, for the Space of Seven Days, on a second Offence for the Space of Fourteen Days, and on a third, or any subsequent Offence, for the Space of One Month, unless the whole of the Penalty, Cods, and Expences be sooner paid and discharged; Provided, nevertheless, that it shall be lawful for every Mailer or Mistress Baker, redding within the Emits-aforesaid, to deliver to his or her Customers on the Lord's Day any Bakings, until Half an Hour pall One of the Clock in the Afternoon of that Day, without incurring or being liable to any of the Penalties in this Act contained.

Favln^thp

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act or any Thing herein contained, shall not

Rights a(tb* extend or be con {trued to extend to any Baker or other Person redding in, or carrying on the Trade or Bulineis-

City of London, nf a Baker, within the City of London, or the Liberties thereof, except so far as respects the exercising the Trade of a Baker on the Lord's Day as aforesaid, or in any Ways to affect, lefTcn, or infringe upon the Rights and Privileges of the City of London, or of the Worshipful Company of Bakers of the said City, or of the Wardmote Inqueits of the said City, or of the City or Liberties of ll'eflminster, or Borough of Southwark, or any Right or Custom of any Lord or Lords of any Leets, or the Rights of any Clerk or Clerks of the Market in any Place which may be exercised or enjoyed by them or any of them, by virtue of any Charters, Bye-Laws, Prescriptions, Usages, Customs, Privileges, Grants, or Acts of Parliament; but that all such Rights and Privileges shall be held, exercised and enjoyed by the Parties respectively intitled thereto, as futiv and amply to all lutents and Purposes, as the fame were held, exercised, and enjoyed before the passing of this Act, any Thing herein .contained to the contrary notwithstanding, Regard being at all Times had to the Average Weight of Bread as before directed.

[Public Act.]

" §7."

Cap. lxxi.

43 G. 3. c. c>i. An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for extending the Provisions of Two former Acts relating to the Use of Horse Hides in making Boots and Shoes, and preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the Flaying thereof, and for making other Provisons in lieu thereof.

[27th May 1808.]

Act 43 G. 3. c. cvi. recited and repealed. $ \. — Seven Commissioners named, who, together with Seven* others to be annually elected by the Butchers' Company in London, Seven by the Curriers* Company, and u Seven by the Cordwainers' Company, are to be Commissioners for executing this Act in London, Westminster, " Southwark, and within Fifteen Miles of t^e Royal Exchange of London. §2 — 19. Penalties on

i Owners of Hides or Skins negligently cut or gashed in the Flaying thereof; from 2s. 6 d. to One Half* penny per Skin. §20, 21. Skins to be brought to Leadetihall Market, &c. to be inspected, if flayed* within Five Miles of the Royal Exchange. % 22, 23. Election and Appointment of Inspectors, their Fees u and Attendance. §24, &c. Information for Offences under this Act limited to Seven Days. §53."

Cap. lxxii.

An Act for vesting detached Parts of the settled Ellatcsof the Right Honourable Thomas Lord Le D: fp: netr, in the County of Kent, in him and his Heirs, and for substituting an<1 settling other Ellatcsof greater Value, and more convenient to be held with the Bulk of the said settled Eftutes, in lieu thereof, and in Exchange for the fame. (q. P.) [27th May ic'o8.J

Cap. lxxiii.

An Act for vesting the detached Eftutes, devised by the Will of the late Henry Hervey Aston, Esquire, in Trulleeff, upon Trail to sell the same, and to lay out the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates, (q. P.) [27th May i8c8.]

Cap. lxxiv.

An Act for enabling John William Spacer, Esquire, to grant Building Leaks of Lands in the Parish of Saint Mary Newington Butts, in the County of Surrey, for Terms of Years not exceeding Ninety-nine Years, (q. 1\)*[27th J % l8oS.]

Cap. lxxv.

An Act for effectuating an Exchange between Thomas William Coke, Esquire, and the Tittfteesof his settled

Estates, (q. P.) [27th May lScS.]

Cap. lxxvi.

An Act for vesting certain Manors, Rents, and Tithes, in the Count'es of Westmorland and Cumberland, Part of the Estates settled by the Will of Sir Lyonel Wright Fletcher, Baronet, deceased, in Trnflees, to be sold, and to enable the Devisees under the fame Will to enfranchise certain cnilonury Ellatcs holden of several Manors in the said Counties, settled by the fame Will, and for applying Part of the Money arising from inch Sales and Enfranchisements in paying off certain Legacies given by the said Will, and veiling the Remainder in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses. (q. P.) [27th Aky i$o8.J

A.D. 1808.

48° GEORGII III.

C. lxxvii — xciL

Cap. lxxvii*

An Act for enabling the Governor and Directors of the Hospital for Poor French Protedants and their Descendants redding in Great Britain, to grant such Part of the Scite of the Buildings and the Lauds belonging tq the said Hospital, or such Part thereof as they shall think proper, upon Building Leases.

(q, l\}'[27th May 1808.]

Cap. lxxviii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Kirby Lonflah, in the County of Westmorland, (q. P.)

[27th May 1808.]

Cap. lxxix.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Chipping Mitton and Ribchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, (q, P.) [27th Alay 1808.]

Cap. lxxx.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Ra'wdcfzvell and Ling, in the County of Norfolk. (q. P.)

[27th May 1808.]

Cap. lxxxi.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Scotter, in the County of Lincoln, (q. P.) [27 th May 1808.]

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

Cap. lxxxii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Rotkbury, in the County of Northumberland, (q. P.)

[27th May 1808.]

Cap. lxxxiii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Abergele, in the County of Denbigh, (q. P.) [27th May 1808.] u Allotment to His Majesty of One-twentieth in lieu of his Title to the Soil in right of his Crown. $ 16. —

M Extract of Award#shall be transmitted to Surveyor of Land Revenue. §18. Saving of His Majesty's Rights u to Mines. §36."

Cap. lxxxiv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Rodham, in the County of Norfolk. (q.-P.) [[27th May 1808.]

Cap. lxxxv.

An Act for dividing Lands in the Parish of Wickhzuood, in the County of Norfolk. (q. P.) [27th May 1808.]

Cap. lxxxvi.

An Act for forming, paving, and otherwise improving certain Streets and other publick Passages and Places, in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex. [id June 1808.]

Cap. lxxxvii.

An Act for lighting, watching, and regulating the Streets and Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places, in the Town of Beverley, in the County of York. [id June 1808.]

Cap. lxxxvii.

- An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Hundreds of JVefbury, Westminster,

Heytesbury, and Damerham South, in the County of Wilts. [ill June 1808.]

Jurisdiction, 5l. § ij. — No Privilege to Attornies."

Cap. lxxxix.

An Act for the more better and more easy rebuilding of the Town of Chudleigh, in the County of Devon; for determining Differences touching Houses demolifiicd by the late Fire there; and for preventing future Danger by Fire. [id June 1808.]

Cap. xc.

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for 6G. a. c. repairing the Road from the Bottom of Church Lane, in the Town of N vjcastle-underdyne, in the County 2&G.3. c. of Stafford, to the Road from Woor to Chester, near Namptwich, in the County of Chester, and other Roads

therein mentioned. (4) [id June 1808.]

Cap. xci.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, aaG.a.c for repairing the Road from Rotherham to The Four Lane Ends, near Worthy, in the Wed Riding of the County of 7Vi. (r) [id Jan* 1808.]

Cap. xcii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Romford and Whitechapel Road, to or near to Tilbury Fort, in the County of Essex. (A) [id Jane 1808.]

65b

C, xciii — civ,

*$G.3. c.ljcxxiii,

41 O. 3, c. y\xi, 47 C. 2, c. lxxx.

7 G. 1, c. 26.

G. a. c. 8.

-9 G. a. c. 88. 23 G. 3, C. 1 jQ#

fVr.ifknnu rax fl-Lun in si5"*

I. <^r, «s»c. sing'c

48s GEORGII III. A.D. 1808.

xciii.

An Act for vesting* in new Trudecs certain Estates and Property in Ireland, of the Right Honourable Walter Earl of Ormond and OJfory in Ireland, and Baron Butler in England, which have not been sold or disposed of under and by virtue of Two Acts of Parliament, made in the Thirty-fifth and Forty-fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty. (q. P.), [ ill June 1808.]

Cap. xciv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Stone, in the County of Stafford. (q. P.) £ 1st June 1808.]

Cap. xcv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Mar den, Sutton Saint Michael, Sutton Saint Nicholas, and Withington, and certain Chapelries, Townships, and Parishes adjacent thereto, in the County of Hereford, (q. P.) [ifl June 1808.]

Cap. xcvi.

An Act to enable the Commercial Insurance Company of Dublin to sue, and he sued, in the Name of their Secretary. x [3d June 1808.]

Cap. xcvii.

An Act for making more effectual Provision for maintaining, regulating, and employing the Poor of the Parish of Saint Luke, in the County of Middlesex.

[3d June i8cH.]

" Stat. 6 G. 2. c. 21. separating the Parish of Saint Luke from that of Saint Giles: and vStats. 30 G. 2. c. 42.

44 & 21 G. 3. c. 56. for providing for the Poor of Saint Lube, recited. — So much of 6 G, 2. as relates to the

Vestrymen, repealed. — The Acts 30 G. 2. c. 42. and 22 G. 3. e. j6. repealed. But nut to affect Vestry-

men under 38 G. 3. c. 33."

Cap. xcviii.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of final] Debts within the Parish of / r 7: /,; a the County Palatine of Lancaster, and within the Townships of Siayley, and other PLccs w..c»e» v-p.t' j <'d, in

the County Palatine of Chester.

[3d June i8g8.J

Jurisdiction, 5l. — No Privilege to Attornies., J

Cap. xcix.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Surrey Canal to supply with Water the several Towns, Diilrifts, and Places therein mentioned, and to amend the several Acts relating to the said Canal.

[3d June 1808.]

The Company allowed to supply Water to Rolherhithe, New Cross, Bermnndfey, Camberwell, Walworth,

and Beckham, and Places adjacent. — 14, 000l. may, be raisedby new Shares.

Cap. c.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts for repairing the Roml from Saint Giles's Pound to Kilbourtie Bridge, and for making a new Road from the great Northern Road at Jjlirgtcn to the Edge ware Road, near Paddington, in the County of Middlesex. (Z») [3d June 1808.]

Cap. ci.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the BEighth Imfi one Road at Pyccenle to the Cur If eh! Roal at Staplefield Common, and from Pyecombe to the Henjizld Road at Poyrdmgs Common, in the County of Sitjsex. (b), [3d June lfcS.j

Cap. cii.

An Act for empowering Trustees to sell and convey the Freehold and Copyhold Estates deviled by the Will of John Crofter Esquire, deceased, and to lay out the Money arising by the Sale thereof in the Purchnfe of other Estates to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses. (q. P.) [3d June l8c8.J

Cap. ciii.

An Act for regulating the Proceedings in the Courts Baron of the Manors of Sheffield and Ecelfall» in the County of York. (a) [18th June iScS.]

Stat. 29 G. 2. c. 37. repealed. — Commissioners appointed: Jurisdiction, 5l. — .Tufficcs out of the Jurisdiction may indorie the Precept of Execution, which shall be executed accordingly. — No Privilege to Attornies.,

Cap. civ.

An Act for rebuilding the Pier, and for improving the Harbour of Berwick-upon-Tweed. [iSth Jure i8c8.j 44 Duties on Goods and Tonnage Duties granted. — Pilots may be licensed and regulated. — Rates of Pik taye.'

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whomsoever ih.dl, after the paHi'.ig oi this Act, maliciously, wilfully, or wantonly demolish, dellrov, or break down or Ileal, take or carry away my of the Works made or provided by virtue of this Act, or any of the Materials thereof, or provided for the i«ur.e, or shall break down or carry away any Part of the said old Pier, or any of the /Stones or Materv.ls forneily Pan thereof, and now lying near the fame, or any of tilt* Rocks or Stones lying between Th. Meadow Jla-vai

A

t!

c

V

I

A.D. 1808.

48° GEORGII III. C. civ — cxiii. 659

and the Bed of the said River Tweedy or any of the Materials of the present or future Quays or Wharfs in the said Harbour, every such Person or Persons so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid shall be adjudged guilty of Felony; and the Court and Courts by and before whom such Person and Persons shall be convicted have hereby Power and Authority to adjudge such Felon and Felons to be transported for the Space of Seven Years, in like Manner as other Felons are directed to be transported by the l^aws and Statutes of this Realm, or in Mitigation of such Punishment the said Court may pais such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petit Larceny.

Cap. cv.

An Act for continuing, altering, and enlarging the Powers of so much of an Act of His present Majesty, as OdG.a. c. in relates to making effectual the Statute Labour in the Shire of Inverness, and levying a Couversion of Money G. .1. c. 1«v. in lieu thereof, and otherwise regulating, making, and repairing Highways and Bridges in the said Shire, (i) [18th 1808.] c' bu'

Cap. cvi.

An Act to continue Two Acts of the Parliament of Ireland, for the Improvement of the Harbour of Irlfh A^s, Drogheda. [ 18th June 1808.] 30G. 3. C. 39.

[Recited Hfls continued for One Tear, a. c. 56.]

Cap. cvii.

An Act for enabling the Justices of the Peace for the Ealtern Division of the County of Sussex, to take down the present Sliirc Flail or SciTions House in the Town of Lewes, and for enabling them to build another Shire Hall or Sessions House in a move convenient Situation within the said Town.

[18th June 1808.]

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully and maliciously break, punin mt-nt pull down, damage or dcllroy the said Shire FIr.ll, Sessions House or Buildings so to be erected, or any Part oH'crfuns or Parts thereof, or any of the Appurtenances thereto belonging, such Person or Persons being lawfully con- damaginger vidied thereof shall be adjudged guilty ot Felony, and the Court before whom such Person or Persons shall be dejlrujWirrSlm*'tried, shall have full Power and Authority either to order such Person or Persons to be transported for Seven Years, to such Place and in such Manner as other Felons are directed to be transported by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, or to fufter such Corporal Punishment by Whipping or otherwise, or to be punished by Fine, Imprisonment or otherwise, as to the said Court before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried shall feern meet; and the Justices of the Peace of the said County, or the major Part of them iu Quarter Sessions assembled, are hereby authorized from Time to Time to order such Offender or Offenders as aforesaid, to be prosecuted by Indictment or Indictments, and to direct the Expences of such Prosecutions to be paid by the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Ealtern Division of the said County of Sussex, out of the publick Stock and County Rates of and belonging to the Ealtern Division of the said County; and in every such Indictment such Shire Hall, Sessions Ploufe, Building or Buildings and Appurtenances, shall be alledged and described, and deemed and taken to be the Shire Hall, Sessions House, Building or Buildings and Appurtenances (as the Case maybe) of "The Justices of the Peace for the County of Sussex, " without particularly naming or specifying the Name or Names of all or any of the said Justices.

Cap. cviii.

An Act for rendering more effectual an Act of His present Majesty, for draining certain Low Lands lying on 2 G. 3. c. 32. both Sides the River Wilhcm, in the County of Lincoln; and for rcfloring the Navigation of the said River 37 G.a.e. 107. from the High Bridge in the City of Lincoln to the Sea. Ti8th June 1808.] a. c.n*.

004 J in part repealed.

Cap. cix.

2 G 3 e 38.

An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty, for the

more cafy and speedy Recovery of small Debts in the Town and County of the Town of Kingston-upon-Hull.

v [18th June 1808.]

" Jurisdiction extended to 5l. — Record of Judgment may be removed into superior Courts, and Execution

41 illucd thereon.1

Cap. cx.

An Act for the more cafy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Township of Wolverhampton, and m several Parishes and Places therein mentioned, in the County of Stafford.

[18th June 1808.]

Cap. cxi.

An Act for altering and amending an Act of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge over the River 21G. 3. C. 03. Thames at Henley-upon-lhatnes, in the County of Oxford.

[18th June 180S. J

Cap. cxii.

An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts for repairing the Road from Lauder, in the Shire of Lerwick, to and through Kelso, in the Shire of Roxburgh, to the Marchburn. \ c )

[18th June i8c8.]

Cap. cxiii.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road leading from the Town of Stamford, to the Division Stone in South Witham, in the County of Lincoln. (a) [18th June 1808.]

e*

6O.3.C. 7.1.

27 G. d. c. 79.

12 G.o. c. 8.

2 1 G. 3. c. 3. 27 G. 3. c. 92. repealed as t'l null

I the Hotod.

66o

C. cxiv- — cxxv.

IriAt Ad,

1 G. 2. (not priated.)

48° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1808.

' Cap. cxiv.

An Act for continuing the Term of an Act for repairing the Road from Merlin's Bridge to Pembroke Ferry, in the County of Pembroke, (c) [jfcth June 1808.]

Cap. cxv.

An Act for effecting the Sale of certain Estates devised by the Will of the Right Honourable Edward late Lord Thurlow, and for laying out the Money to arise by such Sales in the Pure hale of other Estates, and for settling the same to the Uses of His Loidlliip's Will.* (q. P.) > [18th June 18^8.]

Cap.

CXV!.

An Act for enabling the Master, Wardens, Fellows, Brethren, Sifters, and Scholars of the College of God's Gift in Dulwich, in the County of Surrey, to grant a Lease or Leases of certain Estates belonging to the fame College, in the said County, pursuant to an Agreement entered into for that Purpose; and also to grant Building Leases of other Parts of the fame Estates, and for other Purposes therein mentioned. tq, P.)

[18th June 1808.]

Cap. cxvii.

An Act for vesting certain Estates in the Counties of Warwick Middlesex, and Montgomery, late of the Right Honourable Robert Earl of Catherlough, deceased, in Trustees, in trull to be sold, and for investing the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the fulfilling Uiesuf the Will of the Paid Robert Earl of Gather lough, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, (q. P.)

[18th June 1808.]

Cap. cxviii.

An Act for enabling the Trustees under the Will of William Banks, Esquire, deceased, to change the Order of Sale of the Real Estates, late of t tie said William Banks, and for enabling the Devi fee 3 under the Will of the said William Banks, to grant Leases of such Part of his Estates as mall remain unfold, (q. P.)

[18th June 1808.]

Cap. cxix.

An Act for vesting Part of the settled and devised Estates of Sir John William De la Pole, Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, for Sale, and for settling the remaining Part of the said settled and deviled Estates in the Manner therein mentioned, (q. P.) [18th June 1808.]

Cap. cxx. 1

An Act to enable the Trustees of the Will of Thomas Peter Lcgh, Esquire, deceased, to grant Building and Repairing Leases of certain Estates in the Puriih of Warrington, and in the Towi.ship of Bleakly near

Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, and to accept Surrenders, and for appointing of new Trustees, and for other Purposes. (q. P.) [18th June )8c8.]

Cap. cxxi.

An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act made in the First Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to perpetuate and belter regulate the charitable Foundation of Doctor Nathaniel Foy, late Lord Bishop ^Waterford and Lismore, in the City of Waterford, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, (q. P.) [iSth/w/if 1808.]

Cap. cxxi.

An Act for appointing new Trustees for carrying into Execution the Trusts and Powers contained in the Settlement executed on the Marriage of John Amphlett, Esquire, with Eliza Ann his Wife. (q. P.)

[18th J«mSo80

Cap. cxxiii.

An Act to enable Nathaniel J*ec Aston, Esquire, and others, t6 grant Building Leases of Lands at and near Hackney, in the County of Muldlefvx, devised by the Will of the late Buptijl Lee, Esquire. (q. P.)

' [18th June 1808.]

Cap. cxxiv.

An Act for vesting the Share of Thomas Knight Cook, an Infant, of and in the Estates late of the Reverend Thomas Knight, Clerk, deceased, in Trustees, upon Trust to carry the Contracts entered into for the Sale thereof into Execution, or otherwise to sell and dispose of the fame, and for investing the Money to arise therefrom under the Pircdion of the Court of Chancery in the Purchase of other Lands to be conveyed to the Use of him the said 1'homas Knight Cook, and his Heirs, (q. P.) [18th done 1808.]

Cap. cxxv.

An Act for confirming and rendering valid and effectual an Exchange made in the Year One thousand seven hundred and sixty-two, between William Mellish, Esquire, deceased, and Charles Mcllish, Esquire, his clddt Son, also deceased, and the Vicar of Blyth, in the County of Nottingham, of Lands and Hereditaments, of the said Wiliam Mcllish and Charles Mellish, in the Parish of Blyth, fora small Part of the Glebe belonging -'[ 18th June iLb.J

to the said Vicarage, (q. P.)

Cap.

A.D. 1808.

48" GEORGII IIr. c. cxxvi — cxxxvii, 661

Cap cxxvi.

An Act to enable John Holton Vere, Devisee for his own Life in Possession of certain Freehold and Copyhold EUates situate at or near Kilburn in the Parish of Hampstead, in the County of Middlesex, under and by virtue of the Will and Codicil of Holton Vere, late of Saint Martin's Dane, in the said County of ATiddlrJ'ex, Gentleman, deceased, to grant Building Leases of the fame Estates for any Term not exceeding the Term of Ninety-nine Years, (q. P.) [18th June 1808.]

Cap. cxxvii.

An Act for enabling Sir 0fa aid Mojley, Baronet, to grant certain Lands and Hereditaments in the Parish of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, for the Purposes of the Manchester Publick Infirmary, Difpeniary, Lunatick Hospital, and Asylum, and for veiling the Property and E (lefts belonging to the said Charity in Trustees, for the Benefit thereof. (q. P.) [18th June 1808.]

Cap. cxxviii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Watlington, in the County of Oxford. (q. P.) £i8th June 1808.]

£.And for making Compensation for Tithes.-\

Cap. cxxix.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Hathersage, in the County of Derby. (q. P.) [18th June iSc8.]

Allotment to His Majesty's an Equivalent for a Rent or Fee called Palfrey Silver, payable by the Inhabit-

ants of Hathersage to His Majesty in right of his Dutchy of Lancaster, and for any other dry' and unitn-

provable Rents k> payable. §41. Extract of the Award to be transmitted to the Dutchy Court. §45."

[ And for making Compenf ition for Tithes.J

Cap. cxxx.

An Act for allotting Lands in the Parish of Chertsey and Manor of Chertsey Beomond, in the County of Surrey.

(q. P.) [ 18th Jure 1808IJ

<4 Allotment to His Majesty as Lord of the Manor of Chertsey Beontond, in right of his Crown. $ 19. Extract of Award to be transmitted to Surveyor General of Land Revenue. §47."

[.And for making Compensation for Tithes.-\

Cap. cxxxi.

An Act for inclosing Lands in that Past of the Parish of Saint Asaph, in the Counties of Flint and Denbigh, See oat. ir C. 3.

which is not within the Franchise of Rhuddlant in the said County of Flint, (q. P.) [iSth June 18-8.] A2, f*lXU'

Allotment to His Majesty as Lord of the Manor of Denbigh and Denbighland in right of his Crown. §14.

Extract of Award shall be trasmitted to Surveyor General of Land Revenue. §16. Saving of His Majesty's 44 Rights to Mines. §33."

Cap. cxxxii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Horton, in the County of Stafford, (q. P.) [18th June 1808.]

Cap. cxxxiii.

An Act for allotting and inclosing the Forest or Chase of Charnivood, otherwise Charley Forest or Chase, and.

Rothley Plain, in the County of Leicester. (q. P.) [18th June 1 So.; .]

Leases by Rector of Sivithland, or Vicar of Whit wick, shall not be valid without Consent of His Ma'clly as Patron. §80. Extract of Award as to Allotments to His Majesty in right of certain Messuages in Stanlcn- under-Bar don, shall be transmitted to Surveyor General of Land Revenue. §87."

£ Cap. cxxxiv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the several Manors of Kingston-upcn-Thames and Imworth, otherwise fmber.'our/t in the County of Surrey, and for felling Part of such Lauds for the Purpose of providing a Court House and Market House for the said Town. (q. P.) [i3th June i8cS.]

Cap. cxxxv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Checkly, in the County of Stafford, (q. P.) [iSth June 1808.]

Cap.

CXXXVl.

An Act to amend Two Acts, so far as relate to supplying the City of Londonelerry with Water* improving the hifti Act*. Harbour of the said City, and the Regulation of Pilots and Vessels uling the fame; and for extending the 30 c*- 3r- J1-jurisdiction of the Court held in the said City for the Recovery of Small Debts.*[23d Jane 1808.] 40 G a* c. 4l*

Cap. cxxxvii.

An Act for supplying with Water the Inhabitants of the Borough of Colchffer, in the County of Essex.

[23d June 1808.]

Company of Proprietors of the Colchester Waterworks, incorporated."

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall knowingly, wilfully, or maliciously break, throw down, or delfray any Bank or Banks or other Works erected, made, or maintained by virtue of this Act, then and in every such Case even' such Perfoi shall be judged guilty of Felony, and the Court by and before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried a d uunvifted, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person or Persons to be transported for Seven Years, or in Mitigation of such Punishment, such Court raay^ award such Sentence as the Law directsin Cases of Petty Larceny.

48 Geo. . ILL, Q Cap.

Pwiish nent fjr dcilr tying Work*, liu^l« F«iony.

4 G. .3. c 27 G. J.

*1 G. 3. HQ G. 3.: repealed.

25 G. 3,

pr.

4 I G. 3.

K-

4-3 G. a.

Irirti Ac' i. W G. 3. f

40 g. a. c

47 G. 3.

cxi.

01 G. 3. C, repcah d.

C. cxxxvni — cli*

GEORGII III.

A.D. 1808.

C. «G.

c. 63.

Cap. cxx*viii.

63. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Ada of His present Majestr, for c. ga. ameuding the Road from near Milford, through Hajl.mcrc, to tho Portsmouth Road between Lippocl and Rate, in the-Counties of Surrey* Suffx, and Southampton. (c) [23d June 1808.}

Cap. cxxxix.

c- An Act for repairing the Roads from Tavernspite to the Towns of Pembroke and Tenby, and to Hubberson Hah* c. 91*ing, and from Loveston Mountain to Canaston Bridge, in the County of Pembroke. (a) [23d June iSc8.]

Cap. cxl.

An Act for carrying into Execution an Agreement entered into between ihc Honourable and Right Reverend James Lord liiihop of Ely and John Tharp the Elder, of Chippenham Park, in the County of Cambrics Esquire, for the Exchange of the Advowson of the Rectory of Snailwell, in the County of Cambridge, Part of the Possessions of the .See of Ely* for the Rectory of Bus-gate, in the County of Suffolk, vested in the said John Tharp, (q. P.) [23d June 1808.]

Cap. cxli.

An Act for vesting the settle^ E Rates of the Right Honourable Philip Earl of Hardwicke, fjtuatein the County of Gloucester, in Trustees, upon truR, as to certain Parts which have been contracted to be sold, to con. vcy the lame to the respective Purchasers, and as to the Residue, in trull to sell the same, and for inveiling the Purchase Monies, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in other Estatea to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses. (q. P.) j^th June 1808.]

Cap. cxlii.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts, passed in the Thirty-fifth, Forty-fourth, and Forty-fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, forenahling the Lord Bishop of London to grants Lease, with Powers of Renewal, of Lands in the Parish of Paddington, in the County of Middlesex, for the Purpose of building upon. (q. P.) [25th June 1808.]

Cap. cxliii.

An Act for vesting in TruRees, the Personal ERatc of the Reverend Richard Daniel, Mailer of Arts in the University of Dublin, and making them a Corporation for the Purpose# of carrying into Effed the charitable Hcfigns and Intentions of the Will of the said Richard Daniel, (q, P.) [25th June 1808.]

Cap. cxliv.

An Act for vcRing the Fee Simple of the ERates devised by the Will of Edward Carefwell, Gentleman deceased, in TruReesfor the charitable Purposes therein mentioned, (q* P.) [25th June tSoS.]

Cap. cxlv.

An Act to amend Two Acts, passed in Ireland, for the better Education of Persons professing the Roman Catholick Religion, and for the better Government of the Seminary ellablHhed at Maynooth for the Education of such Persons, so far as relates to the Purchase of Lands and compounding Suits, (q. P.) [25th June 2808.3

TruRees of the College empowered to compromise Suits. TruRecs also empowered to purchase Lands, not " exceeding jooool. per Annum, exclusive of Premises held under Lease for the Duke of Leinster, and the u Buildings thereon.99

Cap. cxlvi.

An Act For supplying the Town and Parish of Woolwich, in the County of Kent, with Water, and for amending so much of an Act of the last Session as relates to the Ercdion of a Market House in the said Town,

[3: th June 1808.]

Cap cxlvii.

An AdTur repairing the Road from Milford to Stainton, and to Merlin1 s Bridge, and from thence to Card: Bridge, and to the Top of Merlin's Hill, in the County of Pembroke, (a) [30th June 1808.]

Cap. cxlviii.

An Act for inclosing Land* in the Borough of Le.aninjier, in the County of Hereford, and in the Township of J.uflon, in the PariRi of Eye, in the said County; and for paving, and otherwise improving the Streets ami other publick Places within the Town of Leominster, in the said County, [30th June 1808.]

Cap. cxlix.

An Act for effectuating an Exchange between the President and Scholars of Saint John Eaptifl Ci, liege, in the University of Oxford, and Christopher Hull of Footfcray, in the County of Kent, Esquire.(q, p.f

[30th June i8; 8.]

Cap. cl.

An Act to confirm and render valid and effectual a Partition of divers Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Carlow and Kildare, in Ireland, formerly the Estates of Jeffery Paul Esquire, deceased (q. P.)

[30th June 1S0S.J

Cap. cli.

An Act for vesting Part of the Estatet of Paulin Hugget, an Infant, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Money arising therefrom in part Discharge of certain Incumbrances charged thereon, (q. P.)

1 VjOOgLCt3^ J"*' >3c8.]

21.

S3.

I. 2.

109.

A.D. 1808.48° GEORGII III. C.clii — civil

Cap. clii.

An Act for incloswg Lands in the Parish of Kirk Smeaton, in the West Riding of the County of York, (q. P.)

[30th June 1808.]

gt Allotment to His Majesty as Lord of the Honour of Pontefract, in Right of his Dutchy of Lancaster.

u Extract of the Award to be transmitted to the Dutchy Court." 1

[ And for making Compensation for Tithes,]

Cap. elm.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Borough and Parish of Ttwkesbury, in the County of Gloucester, and for veiling the After or Latter Math of a Meadow called Severn Ham, within the said Borough and Parish, in Trustees for certain Purposes. (q. P.), [2d July 1808.]

[And for making Compensation fot Tithes.]

Cap. cliv.

An Act for exchanging Part of the settled Estates of the Right Honourable Francis Earl of Moira, situate in England, for Part of the Estates of the Right Honourable Flora Muret Countess of Loudoun, his Wife, situated in Scotland, including the Castle of Loudoun. (q. P.) [2d July 1808.]

Cap. civ.

An Act for vesting an Estate called Killingworth Farm, in the County of Northumberland, being an Estate devised by the Will of Thomas Bonner Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of Legacies, and for laying out the Residue of the Money in the Purchase of other Eilatcs to be lettled to the same Uses. lq. P.) [2d July 1808.]

Cap. clvi.

An Act for vesting in Samuel Robert Gaujfcn, of North Mimms, in the County of Hertford\ Esquire, a Messuage and Farm, with the Appurtenances, in North Mimms aforesaid, and for applying the Money to arise thereby in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses as the Estate fold. (q. P.)

[ad July 1808.]

Cap. clvii.

An Act to prevent the Right of Presentation to the Rectory and Parish Church of Simonburnt in the County of Northumberland, from lap ling for a limited Time.

[4th July i8c8.]

WHEREAS the Rectory and Parish of Simonburn, in the County of Northumberland, and Diocese of

V\ Durham, is very extensive, and it is expedient that the fame should be divided, and that several new anddiftindl Rectories and Parishes should be erected within and taken out of the fame, and should be separated

from the said Rectory and Parish by known Limits and Boundaries, and should be respectively provided with

Parish Churches, Church Yards, Parsonage Houses, and Glebe Lands, and a sufficient Maintenance, by

Tithes or otherwise, for the Rectors of the fame respectively: And whereas, under and by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, an Act for vfling certain Estates now held in Trujlfor the Benefit of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, in the Couimtf-4fionen and Governors of the said Hof pit al, incorporated by His Majesty's Letters Patent, the said Commissioners and Governors are perpetual Patrons of the said Rectory, and the Reverend James Scott, Doctor in Divinity,

4 is the present Incumbent thereof; And whereas the said Rectory is of the Annual Value of Three thousand Pounds or thereabouts; and should the fame be divided as aforesaid, would be of great Benefit to the Parish,

and would be capable of affording ample Provision for several Chaplains in the Royal Navy, as a Reward for long and meritorious Professional Services: And whereas the said Commissioners and Governors are dchrous

of carrying into Effect the above-mentioned Purposes respecting the said Rectory and Parish of Simvnlmrn \ 4 and in order thereto it is necessary that the R'ght of Presentation should, during a limited Time, be prevented from lapsing: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That during the Term of Two Years from the passing of this Act, no Right of Presentation to the said Rectory and Parish Church of Simonburn, or to the endowed Chapel of Faljlane, in the Parish aforesaid, by Lapfc or otherwise, shall accrue tq the Ordinary, Metropolitan, or the King's Majesty, or any Person or Persons whatsoever.

41 Commissioners may nominate to the Curacy of Falstone during the Incumbency of Mr, Scott, §2. Officiating 41 Curates shall be nominated by Commissionent. §3 "

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act shall not be good, valid, or effectual, without the Consent of the Archbishop of Fork for the Time being, thereto signified by Writing under his Hand and Seal to the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain; and such Content, so signified, shall be binding upon the said Archbishop and his Successors, and such Writing shall be inrglled in the High Court of Chancery.

" Public Act, § yj9

663

RcAcrr of

Simo; thur; i

extcufive.

16 G. 3. c. 21.

Kzhtodf K-i.t uion i'» ul* ir-r for

Two 'loir-.

A r* not

oV fhr Ar«-nhi-flu^ui \ urk-

<^.0 ?le

THE*

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. Britanniarum Regis, Quadragesimo nono.

\ T the Parliament begun and holden at Wcfniinsler, the Twenty-second Day of June, Anno Domini 1807* 4 JljL in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of

God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith; and from thence f continued, by several Prorogation?, to the Nineteenth Day of January 1809; being the Third Session of lh$

Fourth Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and IrelandI

CAP. I.

An Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain; and on Pensions, Offices and Personal Estates in England; for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and nine.

[22d February 1809.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

4 WJ Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray Your Majesty's publick Expences, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty, the Rates, Duties, and Impositions, herein after mentioned: And do most humbly be leech Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That wuhin and throughout that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon-Tnveed, the Duty for and upon all Malt which, in and by One Act of Parliament passed in the First Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt % Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and sixty-one, was granted or continued to His Majesty until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty-two, and which, by several subsequent Acts, has from Time to Time been granted and continued to His Majesty until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, shall be further continued in like Manner, and shall be and is by this Act charged for or upon ail Malt which shall be made within that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon-Tweed, from and after the Twenty, third Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, and before the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and ten.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That within and throughout that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, there shall he raised, levied, collected, paid, and satisfied, unto and for the Use of His Majrltv, His Heirs and Successor3, for and upon ail Malt, the Duty herein after mentioned, (that is to say): For and upon every Bushel of Malt, which at any Time or Times, from and after the Twenty, third Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, and before the Tvrenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and ten, shall be made of Barley or any other Corn or Grain in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, by any Person or Persons whatsoever (whether the same shall be or not be for Sale) the Sum of Three-pence, and so proportionably for a greater or less Quantity, to be paid by the Maker or Makers thereof respectively.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said several and respective Duties by this Act granted and continued respectively, until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and ten, shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, during the Time and Term aforesaid, by the fame Ways, Means, and Methods, and by such Rules and Directions, and with such and the like Allowance and Rcpavments proportionably, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such Power of Mitigation, and other Powers in all Respects, not otherwise directed by this Act, as are pretenbed# mentioned,

49 Geo. III.*4R or

£SVe Chapter 3') of this Scjhuri, for permanent Duties of is. and 6d. on Offices, &c.]

Malt Duty In England under 1 G. 3. C. 3.

(tail continued by 4SG.3. C.J.) furtlicr continued to 24Jaut 1819,

Duties on Malt

made inScoi lard, Hd. per Bulhtl.

Duties shall he raised as under footer Act*.

C.r.

49° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1809.

FxCPpt 35 tO compounding fur Duties.

20, ooool. (bill he FaifM in Scotland by fold Duly of Od. per Duihei.

In cnfe of Deficiency, a Surcharge shall be m.ule oa MaJuitts.

Surplus (if any) fha'ibe applied to the Fwborit* in N et fond, under i t i». I, c. CO.

Act shall relate t*> the same Days of the Year as 1 G. a. c. 3.

Malt brought into England ficm Scot fond by Sei (Hall be ttntered at lh^ P«jrt of fomfing, and pay nd. per Duibel eddi-tiooai.

pr expressid in the said former Act or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament thereby referred unto, or any of 'them, for Or concerning the Duties by them or any of them'granted or continued, or by any other Aft or A8» of Parliament now in force relating to the raising, levying, collecting, securing, and managing such Duties; and that the same Act formerly made and passed, and the said other Acts hereby referred unto, as for and concerning the said Duties upon Malt, and every Article, Rule, Clause, Matter, and Thing, in them or any of them contained, or thereby referred unto, and now being in force* and not otherwise altered by this Act, shall be and continue in force and effect, to all Intents fad Purposes, for raising, levying, collecting, securing, and accounting for the Rates, Duties, and Impositions hereby granted and continued respectively, and for levying and recovering the Penalties and Forfeitures, and making any Mitigations and proportional Allowances, and all other Matters and Things during the Continuance of this Act, as fully as if the lame were particularly and at large repeated in the Body of this present Act; Cave and except as to so much of the said Acts, or either of them, herein mentioned or referred unto, as gave Power to the Commissionera of Excise, or to any other Person or Persons therein named, in 1England and Scotland respectively, to compound and agree with any Person or Persons for the Duties of such Malt which should grow due or payable from him, her, or them, by the said Act9 or either of them; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV.«And Whereas it is the true Intent and Meaning of this present Act, that the full and entire Sum of

Twenty thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, clear of all Charges and Expences of Management and Collection, shall be raised out of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and nine, by a Malt Tax, to be raised and levied as in England, by a Duty of Three pence per Bushel on all Malt made and consumed in Scotland; andiu case the said Duty 0/Three-pescc per Bushel upon Malt, to be charged in Scotland by virtue of this Act, being duly surveyed and collected, ftuJl

not be sufficient effectually to raise and answer the said Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds in nett Money, after all

Charges and Deductions whatsoever, that then such Deficiency shall be made good by a Surcharge to be made

upon all Makers of Malt in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, in proportion to the Malt they Hull

respectively make between the Twenty-third Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine and the Twenty*

fourth Day of TW One thousand eight hundred and ten Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after the Twenty-fourth Day of Jane One thousand eight hundred and ten, in case it shall appear to the Commissioners of Excise for the Time being, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, that the Duty upon Malt made in Scotland, by this Act granted as aforesaid, shall not be sufficient to answer the clear Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds as aforesaid, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said last-mentioned Com* roissioners of Excise, and the Officers under them, to make a proportional Surcharge upon all and every Person and Persons who shall have made any Malt in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, within the Year ending the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and ten, or so much Money, by way of additional Duty, upon all the Malt made by such Person or Persons respectively, as shall make good such Person or Persons proportional Part of such Deficiency 5 which said Surcharges shall be paid to the respective Collectors of the said Duties on Malt by the respective Persons on whom the same shall be so made, within One Month after the same shall be so surcharged, or in default thereof, the respective Person or Persons who shall neglect or refuse to make such Payment, shall forfeit Treble the Sum upon him, her, or them, respectively surcharged as aforesaid, to be recovered in such Manner as the Duty of Three-pence per Bushel may be recovered by virtue of this Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament herein-before recited or referred unto; which said Surcharge by way of additional Duty for making good the Deficiency of the said Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds (if any such Deficiency there shall be) shall be computed and settled as followeth 5 (that is to say, ) as the particular Quantity of Malt made by each such Maltfteror Maker of Malt in Scotland, within the said Year ending the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and ten, shall bear Proportion to the whole Quantity of Malt made in Scotland within the same Year, so the particular Surcharge to be made upon such particular Maltster or Miker of Malt, for or towards making good the said Deficiency shall bear Proportion to the whole Sum which shall be found to be deficient as aforesaid.

V. Provided nevertheless, and be it declared by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said Rate of Three-pence per Bushel shall produce a greater Sum than the said Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds clear of all Charge! <?f Management, the said Surplusage so produced over and above the said clear Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds shall be wholly applied towards the encouraging and promoting of the Fisheries, and such other Manufactoits and Improvements in Scotland, as may most conduce to the general Good of the Uuited Kingdom, and to no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever, in such Manner as directed by an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for encouraging and promoting F'tjheries and other Manufactures and Improvements in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland*

VI. And it is herehv declared and enacted, That in all Cases where the herein-before recited Act of the First Year of His present Majesty's Reign did relate to any Day or Time within the Year which commenced from the Twenty-third Day of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty-one, this present Act doth and shall relate to the like Day and Time within the Year commenced from the said Twenty-third Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Malt made in Scotland not to be consumed there, which at any Time or Times between the Twenty-third Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine and the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and ten* shall be brought into England, Wales, or the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, shall, in case the same shall be brought by Sea, be entered with the Officer for the said Duties of the Port where the same shall be so brought into England, Wafts, or the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed aforesaid, and the Sum of Sixpence per Bushel for the Duties thereof shall be paid to such Officer before landing thereof, unless a Certificate from the proper Officer be produced that it hath paid the said Duty of Three pence per Bushelin Scotland; and if such Certificate be produced, then there

shall

49° GEORGII III.

C*!'.; 667.;

still be paid no more than Three-pence per Bushe1, by virtue of this Act, for such Malt so brought into1 England*, and in case the fame be brought by Land, such Matt shall past and be carried by and through the Town of Berwick or CarTJle, and there entered with the Officer for the said Duties, in such of the said Towns by or through which such Mak shall be so carried, and the like Duty of Sixpence per Bushel for the same shall be paid down in ready Money, unless such Certificate be produced as aforesaid; but upon producing thereof, then there shall he paid no more than Three-pence per Bushel by virtue of this Act, on pain of forfeiting all such Malt, or the Value thereof, as shall be landed or put on Shore, or be brought into England without such Entry or Payment of Duties as aforesaid; and in case any Malt made in Scotland shall, during the said Term, be found coming out of Scotland, or be brought from thence by Land by or beyond the Towns before mentioned, without Entry or Payment of the Duties thereof, then all such Malt, or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise, for His Majesty's Use, One Moiety of the aforesaid Forfeiture to be and go to the Ring's Majesty, and the other Moiety thereof to such Person or Persons as shall inform, seize, or sue for the fame, or the Value thereof, and to be recovered and levied by such Ways, Means, and Methods as any Penalties and Forfeitures are by this or any the former Acts relating to the Malt Duties to be recovered and levied, or by Action of Debt, or upon the Case, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westnunficr, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine there shall be allowed to Maltsters and Makers of Malt, for Exportation, for every Twenty Quarters of Barley or other Corn or Grain which shall be made into Malt for Exportation, in Cases where by Law any Bounty is allowed on the Exportation of Malt, an Allowance of Thirty Quarters after the same shall be dried and made into Malt, and no more, upon the Exportation thereof, though by their deeping, wetting, or watering the fame, the said Twenty Quarters shall be run out to any greater Quantity exceeding the said Thirty Quarters.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if after the shipping of any Malt made to be exported, the Malt so fiMpped to be exported, or any Part thereof, shall be rclauded in any Part of Great Britain, then and in every such Case all the Malt which shall be relanded, and Treble the Value thereof, ftuli be forfeited, (that is to say) One Moiety thereof to the Ring, and the other Moiety thereof to the Person or Persons who shall seize, inform, or sue for the fame; and such Malt, so relanded, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customa or Excise.

X. 4 And Whereat Maltsters and Makers of Malt for Exportation do freouently mix the Produce of Two or '.more Steepings of Corn or Grain that have been entered to be made into Malt for Exportation, on or at soon

as it comes off from the Kiln, by reason whereof the Officers for the Duties on Malt cannot afeertaio the real

Produce thereof, by which Means great Quantities of each Steeping of such Malt are or may be privately conveyed away, and made Use of for Home Consumption, though the fame has not been charged with the Duty as all Malt made for Home Consumption ought to be* Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, all and every Maltster or Maltsters, or Maker or Makers of Malt for Exportation, shall keep the whole and entire Quantity of his, her, or their Corn or Grain making into Malt for Exportation, of One Steeping or Wetting, when the fame shall be on the Kiln, or after the same shall be taken off the Kiln, separate and apart from all and every Part of any other former Steeping or Wetting of Corn or Grain, until the same shall have been me?sured by such Maltsters or Makers of Malt, in the Presence of some Officer or Officers for the Duty upon Malt, on Pain of forfeiting and losing the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, all such Maltsters or Makers of Malt for Exportation, shall give Notice in Writing to some Officer or Officers of the Duties upon Malt, or shall leave Notice in Writing at the next Office of Excise where the Journal is kept of the Hour when he, she, or they shall intend to take any Mak off the Kiln or Kilns, that such Officer or Officers may attend the measuring of such Malt; and after such Mak has been measured, the same shall be immediately carried on Shipboard, if intended to be then exported, or else shall be immediately locked up and ftcured in some Storehouse or other Place belonging to such Maltsters or Makers of Malt, in the Presence of the said Officer or Officers, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of Fifty Pounds*

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, if any such Maltster or Maltsters or Maker or Makers of Malt, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, by his Order, Privity, or Direction, after any Steeping or Makinj of Malt shall have been locked up and secured in any Storehouse or other Place or Places in Manner as aforesaid shall open any of the Locks or Doors, or shall make any Way or Kind of Entrance into such Storehouse or other Place or Places, or shall remove any Part whatsoever of the Partition between any such Storehouse or Place, and any other Place or Places whatsoever next thereunto adjoining, or shall remove out of the said Storehouse or other Place, any Quantity whatsoever of the Malt that has been so locked up and secured, without the Knowledge and Consent of, or without first having given Notice to some Officer or Officers lor the said Duties, he, she, or they shall respectively forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XIII. And, the better to enable the Officers for the Duties upon Malt to discover whether all such Malt

made for Exportation, and that has been locked up and secured in any Storehouse or other Place or Places to

be exported, has been really exported* Be it eua&ed by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every such Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt, that on the said Twenty-foorth Day of June Ooe thousand eight hundred and nine, shall have any Quantity of Malt locked up and secured in any Storthouse or any other Place or Places as is before directed, to be exported, shall, within Fifteen Months next after the said Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, remove and clear out -of his Storehouse, or other

4 R 1 Place

Malt br.vjcht by Land shall be entered, ftc. at Berwick <& Cailifle.

Malt not so duly.enu red, shall be foTfuied.

Maltftors far even 20 Quarters of Grain made into Malt, Cot Exportation,

(hull be allowed 'O Quarters of

Malt.

Mali shipped for

Exj^oriaiion, and reUnded, forfeited.

Every Strrping Of Malt for Exportation shall be kept separate till measured. Penalty iol.

Notice to CXK-ern for taking Malt off Kiln*. Penalty iuL

feoalty 00 dtn-drftwriy opening <*( Store-loo).

Malrfb-rt Imtng' Malt (lured on 24 June 1809, shall < Icar Out Storrhoufw uf Malt for Export* at ion witliia 15 Month?;

49° GEORGII III.

*n4 so from Tiro* W'Roe.

R«tu % yft.

Person* becoming Maltster* for Exportation after 54 June 1809, shall in like Manner clear their Store* lioofes every 13 Months. Penalty l>ul.

Recovery of Penalties.

8 Geo. 3.C, CO.

Rates on P«r-foaal Estate

charged by 6S G. 3. c. 3. and not authorized to he ibid by 3»G.a. c. fio. and onOffcce*, &c. shall be levied for one Year from 25th March 1&09-

Sums ch^rced' on Personal Eiutes by 38 G. 3. C. 5.§3. shall be : .m|>ofed on Parishrs and raised on Ptrfo-nal Estates by a Pound Rate payable Quar-Uxlj

C. j.

Place or Placet, all and every Part and Parcel thereof, that at any Time after the said Twenty-fourth Day of >ne One thousand eight hundred and nine, shall be locked up and secured in such Storehouse or other Place m order to be exported; and shall always from Time to Time, in every Fifteen Month?, remove and clear out of such Storehouse or other Place or Places in order to be exported, all and every Part or Parcel of Malt that at any Time within every Fifteen Months after the last clearing shall be locked up and fccurrd in any Storehouff, or in any other Place or Place? that shall be made use of by him, her, or them, for the keeping of Malt for Exportation, on Pain of forfeiting and losing the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the fa; d Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, all and every Person or Persons whatsoever that shall become Maltsters or Makers of Malt for Exportation, and shall make use of any Storehouse or Storehouse*. Place or Places, for the keeping of Malt for Exportation, shall, within Fifteen Months after the Beginning to make use of any such Storehouse or Storehouses, or such other Place or Places, remove and clear out of such Places, to be exported, all and every Part and Parcel of such Malt that at any Time or Times shall have been put into such Place or Places within Fi'teen Months after he, she, or they shall have begun to make use of such Place or Places, and shall always from Time to Time remove and clear out of such Storehouse or other Place to be exported, all and every Quantity of Malt whatsoever that within every Fifteen Months after the last clearing shall at any Time be locked up and secured in such Storehouse or Storehouses, or any other Place or Places that shall be made use of by him, her, or them, for the keeping of Malt for Exportation, on Pain of forfeiting and losing the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, for any Offences against this Act, so far as the fame relates to the said Duty on Malt, shall be sued for, levied, and recovered, or mitigated, by the fame Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Penalty or Forfeiture given by any of the Laws of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, can or may be sued for, levied, recovered, cr mitigated, or by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, and that One Moiety of such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, shall be to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them that shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

XVI.*And Whereas by an Act, passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled, An Act for making perpetual, fuljeft to Redemption and Purchase in the Manner therein fated the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax, for one Tear, from the Twenty ffth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety- eight, the several and respective Sums of Money granted to Your Majesty, by a Land Tax, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-right, which were or should be charged on any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in Great Britain, are, after the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, continutd and made perpetual, with a Provision that the several Sums of Money charged upon E'laies in ready Money, Debts, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Personal Estates, or upon any Person or Persons in respect of any Publick 1 Office or Employment of Profit in the said Act mentioned, should, after the Twenty-fifth Day of March 4 O >e thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, be ascertained, levied, collected, and paid according to the

Directions of any Act or Acts to be passed for that Purposep Be it therefore enacted, That the several and respective Sums of Money which shall have been or shall be charged upon Estates, in ready Money, Debts, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Chattels, or other Personal Estate, by virtue of an Act, passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Mnyefy by a Land Tax to he raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and which were not authorized to be sold in or by another Act made and passed in the fame Thirty-eighth Year aforesaid, intituled, An Act for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase in the Manner therein fated, the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax, for One Tear, from the Twenty ffh Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, and also the several Sums of Money charged by virtue of the said recited Act made in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign in respect of any Publick Offices or Employments, or any Annuities, Pensions, Stipends, or other Annual Payments, shall be continued, and raised, levied, collected, and paid unto His Majesty within the Space of One Year from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, and shall be ascertained, assessed, and taxed in such Manner and' Form as are herein after expressed.

XVII. And be it further enacted, Thar the several and respective Sums of Money which shall have been or shall be charged by virtue of the said recited Act made in the Thirty-eighth Year of His prsftut Mijtily'l Reign on Personal Etlates as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby set and imposed on the several and reflective Parishes, Constablewicks, Divisions, Allotments, and Places, wherein the fame have been or (hart be so char ged by virtue of the said last-mentioned Act; and that towards raising the said several and pfspective Sums of Money hereby charged on the respective Parishes, Constablewicks, Divisions, Allotments, and Places in England) Wales, and Berwick-upon-Tweed, in respect of such Personal Estate as aforesaid, all and every Person and Pctfons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, Guilds, and Fraternities, within the same Parishes, Constablewicks, Divfffon*, Allotments, and Places respectively, having any Estate in ready Money, or in any Debts whatsoever owing to them within Great Britain or without, or having any Estate in Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Chattels, or other Personal Estate whatsoever, within Great Britain or without, belonging to or in trust for them, (except and nut of the Premises deduded such Sums as he, she, or they do bona fde owe, and such Debts owing to them as ifoil be adjudged desperate by the respective Commissioners appointed by this Act, and also except the Stockupoa Lands, and such Goods as are uted for Household Stuff, and also except such Loans and Deb's as are or ifod be owing from His Majesty to any Person or Persons, ) fhab be charged with as much Equality and lniblVrt-r.ee at is possible, by a Pound Rate, that is to say, by an ctjual Pound Rate for every One hundred Pounds of such

6 tacy

e

49° GEORGII III.

C. x.

669

r?ady Money and Debt*, and for every One hundred Pounds worth of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, Chatteh, or other Personal Ettate, and so for any ItHer or greater Sum or Value, for or towards the Lid several and respective Sums by this Act set or imposed, or intended to be fct or imposed, for and upon all and every such Parishes, Constablewicks, Divisions, Allotments, and Places hereby charged therewith as aforesaid; (o that by the said Rates so to be taxed or attetted as aforesaid for or upon the said ready Money, Debts, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Chattels, or other Personal Ettate, according to the Purport and true Meaning of this present A A, the full and entire Sums hereby fetor impeded, or intended to be set and imposed, in England, Wales, and Berwick as aforesaid, upon the said Personal Estates, shall be completely and effectually taxed, attetted, levied, and collected, and shall be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer by Four quarterly Payments, the first Payment thereof to be made on or before the Twenty-fourth Day of June which shall be in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and nine.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That for and towards raising the several Sums of Money charged as last aforesaid on Persons in respect of Publick Offices or Employments of Profit, all and evciy Person and Persons, and all and every Commissioner and Commissioners having, using, or exercising any Publick Office or Employment of Profit in England, Wales* or Berwick as aforesaid, which is or shall be rated or assess d by virtue of an Act, passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninetyAght, and all and every their Clerks, Agents, Secondaries, Subttiiutes, and other inferior Mmitters whatsoever (such Military Officers who are or shall be in mutter by the Mutter Matter General of His Majesty's Army, or in Pay in His Majesty's Army or Navy in respect of such Offices only, excepted) shall yield and pay unto His Majesty any Sum not exceeding the Sum at which such Office or Employment was attertld in the Year commencing from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, by virtue of the said Act, passed in the thirty.eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and that all and every Person and Persons, Guilds, Fraternities, Bodies Politick and Corporate, having an Annuity, Pension, Stipend, or other yearly Payment, either out of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in England, oroutof any Branch of His MajestyN Revenue in Great Britain, or payable, or secured to be paid by any Person or Persons whatsoever in Great Britain (not being or issuing out of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or charged upon the fame, or included in any Attcttment made upon Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, mentiomd in the said Act, passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand J*vcn hundred and ninety-eight, and not being Annuities or yearly Payments which, by any Act or Acts of Parliament made or to be made, are or shall be efpeeially exempted from the Payment of Taxes or Aids) shall yield and pay unto His Majesty the Sum of Four Shillings for every Twenty Shillings by the Year for every such Annuity, Pension, Stipend, or yearly Payment respectively, and after that Rate for One whole Year; the said several Rates and Sums of Money hereby granted to be att'tted, imposed, levied, and collected, in such Manner as herein after is mentioned.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That for the better attetting, ordering, levying, and collecting of the several Sums of Money so as last aforesaid limited and appointed to be raised and paid in the aforesaid part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and Berwick-upon Tweed, in respect of Personal Estates, and in respect of Offices or Employments of Profit, and Annuities, Pensions, Stipends, and other yearly Payments, and for the more effectual putting this Act in Execution, in reference to the fame, all and every the Person and Persons who in and by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the Forty-eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners for carrying into Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions and Offices in England, and an Act made in the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty* for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, were named and appointed Commissioners for putting in Execution the fame Acts within the several Counties, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, Divisions, and Places of England, Wales, and Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, duly qualifying themselves arcording to the fmd Act, pa(Fd in the Thirty-eiehth Year of the Reign of His present NLjesty, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to Ills Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight* in that Behalf, shall, together with any other Persons that may be appointed by any Act to be made in this Session of Parliament, be Commissioners for putting in Execution this present Act, an 1 the Powers therein contained, within and for all and every the Parishes, Conllablcwicks, Divisions, A'lorments. and Places, situ ite within the same Counties, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, DivUions, and Pla^e* 'efptftively.

XX. And be it further eir sted, That the several Commissioners latt aforesaid shall meet together at the most usual and common Places of Meeting within their reforftive Hundreds, Lathes, Rapes, Wapentakes, Wards, and other Divisions respectively, within England, Wales, and Berwick-upon-Tweed, within which they are appointed Comrr.ulioners, on or before the First Day of May One thousand eight t»uridred and nine, and shall meet afterwards in like Manner as often as it rtiall be nectrtary, forputiing so much of this Act in Executi 11 ?s is hereby comnvt ted to their Care and Charge and the said Commissioners, or so many of them as shall be present at such Meeting or Meetings, or the major Part of them, are hereby authorized and required to inspect and examine the Attcfl.nmt* made by virrue of the said recited Act, made in the Thirty-eighth Year afoiela'd, for the Year ending on the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine and alcertam the several and rtfpcftwc Sums of Money charged by virtue of the said latt-mcutioned Act, in every Parish, Contla-blewick, Division, Allotment, or Place, for or in respect of any Ettate in ready Money, Debts. Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Cuattds, or other Personal Ellate, and also for or ia rtfpvft or any Offices or

Employment!

Offices and Employments rated by 08 G. a c. 5. (except Naval or Military

Oir.ce*} ftull

pay the Kate (letted thereon, under $ S. of that Act.

Cninmirtionera of Land Tar appointed by 4b G. 3. c. 102, shall put this Act in Execution, & c,

(VS'ee a I Jo 49 C. a. c. Si J

Commissionrri shall meet be I or lit Mav lbO», to iri'pest Al-fettments to 2 V.h March, on iVr.ctvd hihvr^ k.' dtt-tii -'t iroin J.arnU, and fh; »ll l>elore

10th May return Sc/iertvdei of A£elbn«ut

670 C.i. 49° GEORGII III. A.D. 1809.

to Receker-Genrr&i and the Exchequer,

Receipt for Schedules.

Places where Assessments have beeo a made fur the Year ending 25th March 1809, discharged from die Sums levied. Powers and Penalties of OSG. 3. C. 5. and c. 60. extended to this

A a.

TVler

OH G. 0. c. 5.

Newcastle-on-

T)»e was charged with a certain Part thereof raised o; fire Amount of the J)ucy on Coals j -which under 39 G. 3. c. 84. 39, 40 G. 3. c. 43. was purchased from the Duke of Richmond, and the said Duty was vested in the Crown.

On Certificate

from Conip ifh-uncrx of Land Tax lor Ncvr-eastle t<» ihe Exchequer of the

Stuns chafed Ok the said Duty*

Employment* of Profit, Annuities, Pensions, or Stipend*, as a fort kid, by any Assessment made for the fm>d Year ending on the said Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, and fepirate, divide, and set down in Writing, the Amount of the several and respective Sums charged upon Estates, in ready Money, Debts, Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, Chattels, or other Personal Estate, and also the several and respective Sum* charged in refyed of any Offices or Employments of Profit, Annuities, Pensions, or Stipends, as aforesaid, from the Monies charged in such Parities, Constabiewicks, Divisions, Allotments, or Places by virtue of the said last-mentioned Act, upon Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments; and the said Commissioners are hereby required to deliver, or cause to be delivered, a Schedule or Duplicate in Parchment under their Hands and Seals, fairly written, containing the whole Sum assessed on each Parish, Constabltwick, Division, Allotment, or Place, where any Assessment shall have been made upon Personal Eftaus, or in rrfped of Offices and Employments of Profit, Annuities, Pensions, or Stipends, and also the Christian Names, and Surnames, of the rtfptctive Assessors and Collectors under the Receiver-General of each County, Riding, City, Borough, Town and Place respectively, where such Assessments shall have been made, or his Deputy, and shall transmit, orcaufcto be transmitted, a like Schedule or Duplicate into the King's Remembrancer's Office of the Exchequer, and this the Commissioners shall cause to be done on or before the Tenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and nine, for which Duplicates the Receiver and Remembrancer, or their respective Deputies, shall give to the Person who brings the fame, a Receipt in Writing, gratis, under the Penalty of Ten Pounds, to be recovered to the King's Ufc, as other Penalties are by this Act recoverable.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Parish or Place in which any Assessment shall have been, or shall be made, under and by virtue of the said last recited Act, on any Person or redone in respect of any Office or Employments of Profit, Annuities, Pensions, or Stipends, by any Assessment for tke Year ending on the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, shall, from and sfter that Time, be wholly discharged from so much of the Sums to be levied upon such Parish or Place, according to the Proportions established under the said recited Act*

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clausei, Matters and Things, which in and by the said Act, passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An ASfor granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, are provided and established for ascertaining, raising, levying, mitigating, adjudging, paying, and managing the Rates and Assessmenu granted by the said last-mentioned Act; and which by the said other Act, passed in the fame Thirty-eighth Year aforesaid, intituled, An Act for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase in the Manner therein fated, the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain, as a Land Taxf for One Tear, from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, are continued and made perpetual, in relation to the Rates and Assess. ments charged on Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, until the Redemption and Purchase thereof, shall be practised, used, and put in Execution in and for the ascertaining, raising, levying, mitigating, adjudging, paying, and managing the said last-mentioned Rates, Assessments, and Sums of Money to be charged, assessed, and levied by virtue of this Act, in resptd of Personal Estates, and in respect of Offices or Employments of Profit, and Annuities, Pensions, Stipends and other yearly Payments, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Penalties, and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and reenacted in this Act.

XXIIL 'Whereas by an Act, passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service

of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, the Town and County of the Town of Newcastlevpon* ' Tyne was charged in the Sum of Two thousand five hundred and eighty Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Four-pence, ' Part whereof has been raised and charged on the Duty herein after mentioned: And whereas by Two Act, ' One thereof passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to coni rati with the Mofi Noble Charles Duke of Richmond for the absolute Purchase of the Property of the said Duke, and all others inter fled, in a certain Duty of Twelve-pence per ' Chaldron on Coals flipped in the River Tyne, to be consumed in England, and to grant a Compensation for the Jam, by way of Annuity, payable out of the Consolidated Fund; and the other thereof passed in the Thirty-ninth and

Fortieth Years of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled, An Act to confirm an Agreement entered into between the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, and the Mofi Noble Charles Duke of Richmond, in purfuatue of an 4 A3, pcjfied in the Thirty ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, 'An Act to enable ihe Lords Commijscners

of the Treasury to contraS with the Mofi Noble Charles Duke of Richmond for the absolute Purchase of the Property of the said Duke, and all others interested, in a certain Duty of Twelve-pence per Chaldron on Coals flipped in the River Tyne, to be consumed in England, and to grant a Compensation for the fame by way of dtmmtj, 4payable out of the Consolidated Fund*and by virtue of the Agreement therein recited, the said Duty from and after the Twenty ftcond Day of August One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, was veiled in, and made payable to His Majesty, Hia Heirs and Successor6, and the fame hath ever since been collected with and paid as the other Duties of Customs have been collected and paid; and it is therefore just that the said Town and ' County of the said Town, should, from the above Period, be exonerated and discharged from the Amount annually charged on the said Duty as aforesaid 5' Be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the said Town and County to certify to the Barons of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer, what Sum and Sums of Money have been charged on the Duty in the said Two last-recited Acts mentioned since the Day of the Surrender of the fame, by virtue of the said Two last-recited Acts, and the Agreement therein mentioned; and the said Barons, or any Two or more of them, have hereby Power, by their Discretions, at any Time before the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, to discharge or cause to be discharged so much of the said Sum of Two thousand five hundred and eighty Pounds Sixteen Shillings ind

I Four-pence,

A.D. 1809. 49° GEORGII III. C.i.671

Four.pence, at shall appear to them to have been charged on the said Duty, fine* the said Twenty*second Day Exchequer may of August One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; and the said Sums shall or may be discharged upon the j)1* tafg* the Duplicate* returned or to be returned for the said Town and County, and shall be allowed upon the Accounts of "JUC* the Receivers-General. and the Inhabitants of the said Town and County shall be acquitted against His Majesty,

HU Hors and Successora, for the Payment of such Sums so discharged, or ordered to be discharged, by the Baron* of the (hid Exchequer, as well for the Assessments heretofore made, as for all Assessments hereafter to be made s any Thing in the said first recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Proportions let by this Act upon all and every the Where Defi-yrspective Parishes, Constablewick*, Division*, Allotment*, and Places in England, Wales and Berwick -upon* ciendes do Tc*ed % in respect of any such Personal Estate as aforesaid, shall not be fully assessed, levied, and paid, according'!?> new« to the true Meaning thereof, or if any of the (hid Assessments, in respect of such Personal Estate, shall be be male! rtted or imposed upon any Person not being of Ability to pay the same, or that through any Wilfulness, Neglect,

Mistake, or Accident, the said Affiflinent charged in each Parish or Place as aforesaid by virtue of tht3 Ad, happens not to be paid to the Receiver*General, his Deputy or Deputies, as in this Act is directed: that then and in all and every such Case or Cases, the several and respective Commissioner*, Assessors, and Collectors, acting in the Execution of this Act in relation to the said Duties on Personal Estate? and the said last mentioned Duties in respect of Offices and Employments of Profit, Annuities, Pensions, Stipends, and other yearly Payments, and every of them respectively, are hereby authorized and required to afleis and rc-aflVfs, or causeto be affrfled and re-assessed, levied, and paid, all and every such Sum and Sums of Money upon the respective Parishes or Place* wherein such Deficiencies shall happen, as to such Commissioners, or such Number of them at by this Act are authorized to cause the said first Assessment hereby required to be made, shall seem most agreeable to Equity and Justice; the said new Assessment to be made, collected, and paid in such Manner and by such Means S6 in this Act or any Ad hereby referred to, is declared and directed for other Assessments.

XXV. 4 And in order to ascertain more particularly the Mode of assessing and rating the several Persons who Person* (halV

shall be charged with any Rate or Assessment in respect of any Estates in ready Money, Debts, or Personal he raced where

Estate in England* Wales* or Berwick-utonTweed* Be it further enacted, That every Person who is or shall refuse»l'» he rated for or in respect of any Personal Estate to him or her my ways belonging, shall be rated at such Place

where he or she shall be reddent at the Time of the Execution of this Act; and all Persons not being House-bolders, nor having a certain Place of Residence, shall be taxed at the Place where they shall be resident at the or, if out of the Time of the Execution of this Act; and if any Person who ought to be taxed iu England, Wales, or Berwick- Kingdom, ai the vfon-Tweed, by virtue of this Act, for or in respect of his or her Personal Estate, shall, at the Time of his or Place of their her Assessment, be out of the Realm, such Person shall be rated therefore in such Parish, Constablewick, Division, Abode. Allotment, or Place, where he was last abiding within this Realm.

XXVI. Provided always, That where any Person shall have any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Chattels, or personal Eftat* Personal Estate, in any Parish or Parishes, Constablewick or Constablewicks, Division or Divisions, Allotment shall beaflVfled or Allotments, or Place or Places, other than the Parish, Constablewick, Division, Allotment, or Place where he or where it shall be, (he shall be resident, or had his or her Residence, it shall be lawful at any Time before the Twenty*fourth Day ofh0"ffh the August One thousand eight hundred and nine, to rate and aflVfs such Person for such Goods, Wares, Merchandize,

Chattels, or Personal Estate, in any Parish or Parishes, Constablewick or Constablewicks, Division or Divisions,

Allotment or Allotments, or Place or Places where the same shall be: Provided also, that if any Person or Pctfon* doubly Persons by reason of his, her, or their having several Mansion Houses or Places of Residence, orotberwife, shall rated ihallhe be doubly charged for any Personal Estate by occasion of this Act, then upon Certificate made by any Two or on

more of such Commissioner for the County, Riding, City, or Place of his, her, or their last Personal Residence, Ccui icalc* undertbeir Hands and Seals, of the Sum or Sums charged upon him, her, or them (which Certificate the said Commissioners are hereby required to give without Delay, Fee, or Reward), and upon Oath made of such Certificate before any Two such Commissioners who have Authority to put this Act in Execution for the County,

Riding, City, or Place, where the said Certificate shall be made, (which Oath such Commissioners are hereby authorized and required to administer, ) then the Person or Persons so doubly charged shall, for so much as shall be certified, be discharged in every other Parish, Constablewick, Division, Allotment, or Place iu England>

Wales, or Berwick-upon-Tweed.

XXVII. Provided also, That this Act shall not extend to the Inhabitants of Scotland, Ireland\ Jersey, or Exemption of Cuem/ej, for assessing any such Personal Estate which they, or any to their Ufc, have within those Places, (or or Pi rional Elute towards the said Sum hereby authorized to be charged upon any Parish or Parishes, Constablewick or Constable- «> Scotland, wicks, Division or Divisions, Allotment or Allotments, or Place or Places in England, Wales, and Berwick-upon-Tweed, as aforesaid; and if any Person that ought to be taxed by virtue of this Act, for or in respect of his or her Personal Estate, shall, by changing his or her Place of Residence, or by any other Fraud or Covin,

escape from the Taxation, and not be taxed, and the fame be proved before the Commissioners, or any Two or

more of them, at any Time within One Year next after such Tax made, every Person that shall so escape from avu; (on the Taxation and Payment, shall be charged, upon Proof thereof, at Treble the Value of so much as he or she , |IC

Should or ought to have been charged at by this Act; the said Treble Value, upon Certificate thereof made into Treble/

the Exchequer by the Commissioners before whom such Proof shall be made, to be levied on the Goods, Lands,

and Hereditaments of such Persons.

XXVIII. 4 And, for the better Discovery of Personal Estate intended to be charged by this Act, be it Penalty on

further enacted, That every Householder in England, Wales, ox Berwick-upon-Tweed, shall upon Demand of the Houfrkwj*ra Assessors of the respective Parishes or Places give an Account of the Names and Oualitics of such Persons as si.

shall fojoum or lodge in their respective Houses, under the Penalty of forfeiting to His Majesty the Sum of Five ° J Pounds, to be levied and recovered in such Manner a* any other Penalty in this Act mentioned shall and may be

levied and recovered*

6-J2

Members of Parliament shall be rated at their Maalion Houl'cs.

Inhabit ants ef Towns shall be aflcfTed in the Parish where they reGde.

OtTieers of Exchequer, &c. shall deliver Lists of Pensions and Annuities, &c. to Commissionere, and in default of Payment of the Hate, it may be' flopped out of the fension, &c.

Owners shall pay where employed.

OlT-cers in t Wane* r> shall he alTV'ltd in the HolU Lif»rjty by the Mailers, &. c.

Prndons ratable where payable.

Where Olhce is executed by Deputy, the Allehnrient shall .he paid by him.

The Queenr Royal Family not chargeable in rti pecl of Au-Buitiea.

Superannuated Sea Officers, &c. aot chargeable.

C. i. 49° GEORGII III. A.D. 1809.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the several Members of Parliament who at the Execution of this Act, during this or the subsequent Session of Parliament, ffiill abide within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Suburbs of the fame, or within the County of Middlesex, ffi&U, for or in respect of their ready Money or Debts, or any other Tax which may be laid on their Personal Estateor Persons in respect thereof, during this or the next Session of Parliament, be aftVfi*ed only in the Places where such Members have their Mantion Houses, or other Places where they most usually rr side during the Intervals of Parliament; and in case any AiTifToror Commissioner shall assess, or cause to be afElTed, any Member of Parliament contrary to the Provision hereby m^de, he or they shall forfeit to the Party grieved the Sum of Forty Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt, or upon the Case, together with full Coils of Suit; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX. Provided always, That where any Person liable to be rated in respect of such Personal Estate, and inhabiting within the City of London, cr any other City or To'vn Corporate in England, Wales, or Berwick upon* Tweed, hath his Dwelling Home in One of the Parishe* or Wards therein, and hath any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, in any One or more of the other Parishes cr Wards within the same, that then such Person shall be taxed, charged, and afltfled for such his Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the Parish or Ward where he dwelle-th, and not elsewhere, within the Paid City and Town Corporate.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Officers in the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, and in other the Publick Offices, upon R quell to them made by the resptdiive Affiffors, shall deliver, grafts, true Lift* or Accounts of all Pensions, Annuities, Stipends, or other Annual Payments, and of ail Fees, Salaries, and other Allowances, payable at the Laid Receipt, or in the fail Publick Offices, to any Commissioner or Commissioners, Officer or Officers, for the Execution of this Act, for the better Guidance of the said Assessors in the charging of the fame; and that in all Cafe9 where any Pensions Annuities, Stipends, or other yearly Payments, or the Fees, Salaries, Wage*, or other Allowances or Profits charged by this Act, shall be payable at the Receipt of the Exchequer, or at any other Publick Office, or by any of His Majesty's Receivers or Paymasters in England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed, the said la ft-mentioned Tax or Payment, which in pursuance of this Act shall be charged for or in respect of such Annuities, Stipends, Fees, Salaries Wages, Allowances or Profits, shall and may (in case of Non-payment thereof) be detained and flopped out of the fame, or out of any Money which shall be paid upon such Pensions, Annuities, Stipends, Fees. Salaries, Wages, Allowances, or Pn fits, or for Arrears thereof, and be applied to the Satisfaction of the Rates and Duties not otherwise paid as aforesaid; and the proper Officers in the said Exchequer, and other the Publick Offices aforesaid, shall keep true Accounts of all Monies (lopped, and (upon Request) shall give Copies of such Accounts to the proper Collectors of such Monies for the respcdwe Parishes or Places where the said Monies are afTcffed by this Act.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That every Person in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, ntedor assessed for his Office or Employment, shall be rated and pay for his said Office or Employment in the County, City, or Place, where the same shall be exercised, although the Revenue or Profits aiifing by such Office or Employment are payable elsewhere: Provided always, that the Right Honourable the Mailer of the Rolls, the Mailers in Chancery, Six Clerks, Clerks of the Petty Bag, Examiners, Registers, Clerks of the Inroiments, Clerks of the Affidavit and Subpoena Office, and all other the Officers of the Court of Chancery, that execute their Offices within the Liberties of the Rolls, shall be there aflcflVd to the said lad mentioned Duties for their respective Offices, Salaries, and other Profits, and not elsewhere; and the said Mailers in Chancery for the Time being, and the said Six Clerks and Registers for the Time being, shall be the Commissioners for putting in Execution, and shall put in Execution this Act, with relation to the last-mentioned Duties, within the said Liberty* and exercise the Powers therein contained; and that all Annuities, Stipends, and Pensions, payable to any Officers in respect of their Offices, shall be taxed and assisted to the said last-mentioned Duties where such Officers are rated and affiffied for their Offices, and not eMewhere; and that all other Pension0, Stipends, and Annuities in England, Wales, and Berwick-upon-Tweed, not charged upon Land?, shall be charged and aflcffed in the Pantiles and Places where they are payable.

XXXIII. 4 And Whereas divers Offices and Employments of Profit, chargeable by this Act, are executed

by Deputy, and the principal Officers living in Places remote from the Division, P<mfb, or Place, where such

Offices or Employments are taxable, the Rates and Assessmenta for such particular Offices and Er.pioymtr.t* 4 cannot be recovered without great Charge and Difficulty; Be it therefore enacted, That where any Office or Employment of Profit chargeable by this Act, is or shall be executed by Deputy, such Deputy shall pay such Affiffinent as shall be charged thereon, and dedud the fame out of the Profits of such Office or Empioymtrt; and m case of Refusal or Non-payment thereof, such Deputy shall be liable to such Dili refs es by this Act is prescribed against any Person having and enjoying any Office or Employment of Profit, and to all other Remedies and Penalties therein respectively contained; and that there shall be the like Remedies and Penaitie* for the recovering the Monies afltfled upon any such Office or Employment of Profit to the Land Tax for the Year One thousand seven hundred and six, and for any subsequent Year not vet fatbfkd in all Cales where the Accounts of those Years, or any of them, are not otherwise cleared id the Exchequer.

XXXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not charge, or be conftrned to charge Her Majesty the Queen, or any of the Rov;l Family, for or in reiptd of any Annuities or yearly Payments granted to her laid Majesty and to their said Royal Highntffis, but that such Sums of Money, Annuities or yearly Payments, and her said Majesty and their Royal Highntffes, and their Treasurers, Receivers-General, and Servants for the Time being, in respect of the fame, shall be free aid clear from all Taxes, impositions, and other Charges whatsoever: Provided also, that this Act, or any of the several Clauses herein contained, shall not extend to charge the Pensions of any superannu?.ted Comrr.ifu >n or .Warrant Sea or Land Officer, or the Pensions of Widows of Sea or L: ind Officers (lain in the Service oi the

Cr*wn;

Crown; or the Revenue of the most Noble Order of the Garter; or the Pensioni of the Poor Knights of Windsor, payable out of the Exchequer only 5 or to charge a certain Pcnlion of Oae hundred Pound?, granted by the late King Charles the Second, to the Poor Clergy of the Isle of Man; or to charge the Pi nitons or Salaries of His Majesty's Pages of Honour, or of the Officers and Persons employed or to be employed in collecting the Tolls and Duties payable by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliaments for making, repairing, cr maintaining any Publick Roads, by reason of their said Offices or Employments, or any Sa'ary anfing thereby.

XXXV. 1 And Whereas the Rents and Revenues helooging to the Rcfidcutiaries of the Cathedral Churches

in England and Wales, are chargeable to the Land Tax granted and made perpetual as aforesaid, and in some 4-Cases the Overplus of the said Rents and Revenues above such Tax, Repairs, and other Charges, is to go in ' Shares for the Maintenance of the said Rrfidcntiariea, which Shares are dimin flied by the said Land 'Pax; it is hereby provided and enacted, That in such Cases the said Residentiaries shall not by this Act, or any of the Clauses therein contained, be further chargeab c as enjoying Offices of Profit out of the said Ren: s and Revenues* any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it firtbtr enacted, That nothing herein before contained in relation to the said several Sums of Money charged as last aforesaid on Persons in relpcd o* Public CtTi ns or Employments of Profit or Annuities, Pensions, Stipends, or other Annual Payments before described, (half extend or be cor.-ftrued to extend to charge or to authorize the drduding from or aifeffing any Person in any Case in wloch the Sdary, Wages, Fees, Perqmfiteg or Gratuities payable in respedi of such Office or Employment of Profit, or in which the Annuity, Pension, Stipend, or other Annual Payment shall have been specia ly exempted from the Payment of any Aids or Taxes by any Act of Parliament, or in any Case in which any SJary, Wages, or Stipend of any Office or Employment, or any other Annual Payment which shall be payable to such Person in respect of such Office or Employment, or of his having held any such Office or Employment, shall by any Order of His Majesty in Council, or by any Warrant under his Majesty's Royal Sign Manual, or by any O der of the Commissioners of the Treasury, have been directed to be paid net or without Dedudfion, or in any Case ia which the Sums afT fled on any such Salary, Wages, Stipend or Annual Payment shall by like Ordei of the Commissioners of the Treasury have been directed to be repaid or rrimbursed to the Person assessed, out of any Part of the Publick Revenue of Great Britain: Provided always, that the Authority for the Payment, iw or without Deduction, of the Salary, Wages, Stipend or Annual Payment, or the Rrp.iymmt of the Duty afTfled on the Salary, Wage*, Stipend or Annual Payment aforesaid, shall be respectively certified by some princioal Officer in the Department to which such Officer or Employment belongs, to be so paid net or without Dt-dudlion, or to be repaid out of the said Revenue.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Stamp Duty shall be charged or chargeable for any Receipts given by any Receiver General of the Land Tax to any Coiicdor for Payment of Money mads by v rtue of this Act, any Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. 4 And Whtreas by the said Act, passed in the Thirty-eighih year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase in the Manner therein fated, the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax, for One Year, Jrom tlse Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, it waa enacted, that the several Duties imposed on Sugar by Three Acts of the Twenty-seventh, Thirty-fourth, and Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, on Malt, by an Act made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty and the Duties of Excise on Tobacco and Snuff, by an Act made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, should continue in Force until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One Ooufaud seven hundred and ninety-nine, and no longer, but should from thenceforth ceafie and determine unless the fame should be specially continued by Parliament, which said several Duties were by an Act made and passed in the Thirty. 1 ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, entituled, An act for continuing and granting to His Majesty a

Duty on Pensions, Offices > and Personal Efates in England, Walts, and the Town of B.rwick-ypon-Tweed, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, further continued until the Twenty-ntth Day of March One thousand tight hundred, and which,

by several subsequent Acts, were further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight: And whereas by an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to repeal the Duties of Customs payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof' the said several Duties on Sugar were repealed, and other Duties granted on Sugar in iicu thereof: And whereas by another Act, passed in the same Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to repeal the Duties of Excise payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lien thereof, certain of the said Duties on Lictnces to be taken out by Dealers in Tobacco and Snulf, and certain Duties on Tobacco, were repealed, and other Duties granted in lieu thereof: And whereas the said Duties granted by the said last recited Acts, were continued until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight: And whereas the said Duties on Sugar, and the said Duties on Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, together with the said Duties relating to Licences and Tobacco, were by an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, further continued until the Twenty.fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ninei' Be it further coaded, That the said several Duties on Sugar, Malt. 'i obacco, and SnuiT, and the said Acts granting and continuing the fame, and all the Provisions thereof, shall be, and the same are hereby severally and respectively further continued from and after the Expiration of the Time limited as aforesaid, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and un, and all Monies anting thereby which shall be paid into the said Receipt of the Exchequer, shall be entered separate and dillind from all other Monic* pa d and prvable to His Majesty.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That there shall be provided and kept in the (Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, One Book of Rrgifter, in which all the Money that shall be paid 49Cko.HL 4S % into

Nor Tu!lLcc; '<*r*.

RpfuJenflari* tv>t chargrahV is certain Cult*.

Said shall

i>ot l*«r rl*ar£f <i on INufiona, ttr. fpo< ially cw a £ cd.

lUccnrer General t Receipt* o\tmpt I'rmn Sump Lhity.

Dmic % on Sugar granted or 27 G. 3. c. 13.

asG.a. c. 4.

37U.3.C. IS. (aWircd by 43 (i. 3. c. 68.) on Mali by 27 if. 3, 'c. 16. on Tobacco «nd Snufl by.

29 <5 c. 66. (altered by 43 G. 3 c. 69.) all continued by 48 G. 3. c. 2.

'IS March I b09, furl her rontinuc4 to 2 a March 1810.

[>Vc i'l G A,

c. 98. §7j

Muoie* paid into the Exchequer cuvuc thia

shall be entered separate from other Payments.

Treasury may

wife 3, 000, 000l. by Exchequer Bills.-

48 G. 3. C. 1.

Clanfes, Sic. in 48 G. 3. c.l. relating to Exchequer Bills, applied to this

a a. '

interest on Exchequer Bills 4l. per Cent.

Bank of England authorized to advance 3, oooo, ooool.oa Credit of this

aa.

5 & 6 Gu). and Mary, c. 20.

30.

Paid Exchequer Bills shall he placed as Caftr in the Exchequer;

and shall be iffuabje the Tcout in common with other Monies.

Said Exchequer Bills and Intersil charged on Dbtles granted by this Act,

Manner of paying off said

Bill*

Account of said Exchequer Bills shall be mule out ip to 23 Marcia 1810.

Money remaining due chare ed On the then next Aids.

Surplus shall be carried to C'on-folidated Fund.

Treasury may

Allow out of the Consolidated Fund, Charge* ©t making out*the Exchequer

x

C.i. 49° GEORGII III. A.D. 1809.

into the Exchequer for the said Rates and Duties hereby granted on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff; and also the Rates and Assessments hereby granted on Personal Estates, and on Offices and Employments of Profit, Pensions, Annuities, and Stipends, herein-before mentioned, shall be entered and registered apart, and diliinft from all other Monies paid and payable to His Majesty.

XL. And be it further enacted, That ft shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, at any Time or Times, to cause or direct any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out at the Receipt of the Exchequer for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Three Millions, in the fame or like Manner, Form, and Order, and according to the fame or like Rules and Bircftions, as are dire died ajrd prescribed in and by an Act made in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating the issuing and saying off of Exchequer Bids.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That ell and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers. Privilege*, Advantage*, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, contained in the said rected Act made in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating the issuing arul paying off Exchequer Bills, shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effrfttnlly, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said several Clause3 or Provisoes had been particularly repeated and r<-enacted in the Body of this Act.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act, shall and may bear an Interest not exceeding the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum upon or in respect of the whole of the Monies respectively contained therein.

XLIII. And be it declared and further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to advance or lend to His M-jcdy, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, upon the Credit of the Exchequer Bills authorized by this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Three Millions, any Thing in an Act, made in the Fifth and Sixth Yean of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for granting to Their Maj flics federal Rates and Duties up^n Tonnage of Ships and Vffds, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors; and for Juurittg certain Recompenses and Advantages in the said Jft mentioned, to such Persons as fiall voluntarily advance the Sum of One Million jive hundred thousand Pounds towards carrying on the IVar against France, or in any subsequent Act, to the contrary thereof in any wise nor with Handing,

XLIV. And it is hereby enacted, That the said Commissioners of the Ti e Jury shall, and they are hereby respectively authorized and empowered, to cause such Bills as shall be prepared by v*rue of this Act, to be placed as To much Cash in the respective Offices of the Tellers of the said Receipt of-Exchequer, each and every of which Teller shall be fevera ly charged with a Proportion of the said Bids which shall be so placed in his. Office respectively; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLV. And it is hereby also enacted and declared, That the said Exchequer Bil s in the Hands of the kid Tellers shall be locked up, and secured as Caffi, according to the Course of the Exchequer, and shall be takai and esteemed as so much in part of the Remains, in Real Money, wherevyith each of the said Tellers (kali from Time to Time (land charged, in common with other the Monies in the said Exchequer, any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Exchequer Bills to be made forth by virtue of this Act, together with the Interest that may become dye thereon, and the Charges of exchanging ana circulating the fame, shall be, and the same are hereby made chargeable and charged upr-n the Rates, Duties, and Assessments, granted by this Act; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Treasury, and they tre hereby authorized, from Time to Time, to direct. to be issued to the said Paymasters, by way of Imprest, and Upon account, such Sums of Money, and at such Periods, as the said .Comm fuoners fti3ll think necdlary, for or towards paying off, and difeha^ging the Exchequer Bills which flnll have been made forth by virtue ul this Act, or any of them, and for and towards paying the Interest to become due on the said Bills, and for and towards the Charge of exchanging and circulating the fame Bdls, or any of them,

XLVII. Ar, d be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, or within Ten Days after, the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any Three or more of the Commissioners of the, Treasury for the Time being, shall cause a true and perfect Account in Writing, to be taken ard attested by the proper Officers, of the Amount of all Exchequer Bills that shall have been ill'ued by virtue of this Act, ar'd how much thereof shall before that Time have been paid off or discharged, and how much thereof shall then remain undikharged.

XLVIII. And it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Monica so remaining unfatbfied or not discharged, with the Interest due or to grow due thereon, and the Coarges of exchanging and circulating the fame, (had be paid and satisfied out of the next Aid or Aida to be granted in Parliament, alia the fai l Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten.

XL.1X. And be it further enacted, That the Surplus of the Monies arising from the Rates, Duties, and Assessments, granted and imposed by this Act, alter paying off and satisfying all the Exchequer BtU (Toed by virtue of this Act, together with the Interest that may become due thereon, and the Charges of exchanging and circulating the fame, shall, as the Surplus of any such Monies respectively shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, be carried to and made Part of the Consolid&ted Fund.

L. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Comnvffionen of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any Three or m if of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall have Power, and he or they are hereby enabled to pay and allow or cause to be paid and allowed out of the Monies to arise of or for the said Rates and Duties hereby granted, or of or for thq Consolidated Fund, from Time to Time, the neccfLry Charges of oAing

4.forth

A.D. 1809; 49 GEORGII III. C. 1 — 4;

forth the new Exchequer Bills hereby authorized to be made forth, and such other Charges as shall be necessarily incident, in or for the Execution of this Act, or any Part thereof in relation to the said Bills; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LI. Provided alwayp, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, whatever Monies shall be issued ou| of the said Consolidated Fund, shall from Time to Time be re-placed by and out of the First Supplies to be then after granted in Parliament, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Act may be altered or repealed this Session. §5a.

CAP. II.

An Act for Tailing the Sum of Ten millions five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and nine.

[22d February 1809.]

u Treasury empowered to raise 10.500.000l. by Exchequer Bills. § x, 2. Principal of said Bills charged on the first Supplies of next Session. §3. Interest thereon j* J. per Cent. per Diem. §4. Said Bills shall be current* at the Exchequer, &c. after 5th dpr'tl 1809. § Bank of England empowered to advance 6, 500, 000l. on V Credit of this Act. §6. Act may be altered or repealed tn»6 Stifion. §7.

CAP. III.

An Act for raising the Sunt of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and nine.

[22d February 1809.]

[On the Me Terms as under Cap. 2. of this Sffon.[\

CAP. IV.

An Act to allow a certain Proportion of the Militia of Great Britain to enlist voluntarily into the Regular Forces.

[13th March 1809.]

WHEREAS it is necessary that the most cfDdual Measures footild be taken for augmenting His Majesty's Regular Forces; and it is therefore expedient to allow lo many of the Militia of Great Britain as will leave serving, including Corporals, Three-fifths of the Number of the Establishment ip Rank and File of each Regiment of Militia, to enlilt into His M*j fty'd Regular Forces, under certain Provisions and Rc-ltndions 5 4 and to enable His Majesty to accept the Services of the Men so voluntarily enlisting: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted/ &c.

41 His Majesty may appoint Regiments of the Regular Forces into which Militia Men may er.Iift. §1.

4'Number of Men to be enlisted shall not exceed such Number as will have serving Three fifths of the Establishment. §2. Where the Number of Men in any Regiment exceeding Three-fifths of the present 4' Establishment shall be ltfs than Two-fifths of the Establishment in 1807; such Two.fifths may erilift. §3.

41 Commanding Officer shall ascertain Numbers willing to cnhft, and if it be Five-sixths of the Number allowed, no more shall be enlisted without Consent of the Commanding Officer. §4. His Majesty may f< appoint Officers to approve or rtjed Men; but none shall be rejected who are Five Fctl Four Inchc* (.xctpt " for Marines), and under Thirty-five Years of Age, unhfs dilabfid. § j. Men enlilted into the Regulars may be transferred to the Marines. §6 Commanding Officer of every Regiment, out of which the Pro*

11 portion of Five-lixths shall not enlilt within the first Thirty Day?, shall reid His Molly's Order, and explain the Terms of Enrolment, &c. §7. If the Number who shall then enlilt shall not be the due Proportion, a " further Enlistment may take place* for Seven Days. $ 8. After said Seven Days, no further enlisting (unless " with Consent of Commanding Officer) For One Month; then Three Days more enlisting, and again, after 11 Orve Month more, and afterward: for Three Periods of Three Days each, at Intervals of Three Months. None fhdl be allowed to enlilt aft*r the Expiration of the lall Period. $9. (But fee 49 G. 3. c. 53. §32.)

11 As soon as the Number to be enlisted from any Regiment is ascertained, they shall be discharged, and if "approved, attclted. §10. Lieutenants of Counties foall trausmit to the Privy Council the Number of Men "discharged, &c. £11. No Person in Confinement, or having been punifoed under Sentence of a Court " Marital within Three Months preceding, shall be entitled to enlilt without Consent of Commanding " Officer, &c. §12. Clerks, Drummers, Musicians, Armourers, and Artillery Men, shall not enlist without " Consent of the Commanding Officer. §13. One Serjeant and One Corporal may enlist for every Twenty " Men, with Consent of C mmanding Officer, f 14. Commanding Officers may refuse to discharge Mm upon " Cause assigned to the Commander of the Dittnfct, etc. §15., Persons discharged refilling to enlilt, or not "approved of, foall continue to belong to the Regiment from which discharged. §16. Act foall not authorize eolifting or persuading to enlilt any Militia Man not duly discharged. $ 17. His Majesty may issue Orders to 41 Lieutenants of Counties and Commanding Officers, for executing the Ad. §18. No Person shall be drafted " from the Regiment in which he enlisted, without his Consent, ike. §19. On Production to Commanding " Officer of Certificates by Magistraces of Enfillment, Men shall be discharged from the Lilt of Men serving for "the County, §20. Adjutants of Militia foall transmit Returns of Men enlisted to Clerks of Subdivision " Meetings, and the Allowance to their Families foall cease, See. §21. Ad foall not extend to London. §22.

" Provisions relating to Countits and Regiments extended to Stewartries, Battalions, &c. $ 23. Act may be* altered or repealed this Session. §24.

4S2 p CAP.

67S

Said Charfff* shall be rej>!ace4 out of the Full Supplies.

6 76

Number of Mtn

tu bo ctilifted (ho.ll mn exceed futh Number as Viill leave terming

Tli/tt-filths cl the ijlabliHi-merit in e«uli H«'uiiueiU, whether augmented w uoU

30 G.2. C. 38.

3a G. a.e. 5.

3? ff. 3. c. 8^.

Trrfom in l.ultotls for l\mteiu|.t f Courts of Kijuity for Non-pav-n.ent of .Money or ( ofts, shall be emitlc'»l u> the

Bene fit of 11 we recited Acts.

f^e 4$ Cto. 3. c. lib.]

C. 5, 6, 7. 49 GEORGII III. A.D. 18c>9.

Cap. v.

An Act to allots a certain Proportion of the Militia in Ireland voluntarily to enlist into His Majesty^ Regular Forces.

[13th March 1809; ]

WHEREAS it is necessary that the most effVftual Meafufes should be taken for augmenting His Majesty'#

Reeular Forces; and it is therefore expedient to allow a certain Proportion of the Militia in IrdandiQ

enlist into His Majesty* Regular Forces, under certain Provisions and Restrictions} and to enable His Majesty

to accept the Services of the Men so voluntarily entitling: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may

be enacted/ Sec.

His Mq-fty, by Order, signified by the Lord Lieutenant of IrelandSee, may appoint Raiment* of the <4 Regular Forces into which Militia Men may enlist. $ t.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Number of Private Men to be enlisted out of any Regiment of the said Militia, shall not in any Cde exceed such Number of the Private Men of such Militia as will leave fenring, including Corporals, Three-filths of the Number of the Establishment in Rank and File of such Regiment* according to the Establishment thereof at the Time of such Enhftment, whether such Establishment shall have been augmented or not, under or by virtue of any Act in Force in Ireland for that Purpose; and in case the Militia of any County shall con (i ft of more than One Battalion, the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant nr other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, shall ascertain the Number of Private Men that may be allowed to enlist out of each such Battalion, by the Proportion which the Number of Private Men serving in each Battalion bears to the whole Number of Private Men actually serving in the Militia of such County, and shall figtufy to the Commanding Officers of each of such Battalions, the Numlxr of Private Men that may be allowed U enlist out of tluir respective Battalions.

" Mode and Periods of enlisting. §3 — 8. fAs under §4 — 9. of 49 G. 3. c. 4. ref pc Ping the British Militia. 44 And fee 49 G. 3. c 56. §12. as to further Periods of enli/ling.) Discharge of Men mlilted, §9. [As §10. of 44 49 G. 3. c. 4.] Reflations respecting Persons in Confinement, Clerks, Drummers, Scijeants, &c. &c. § tc — 16. " [As §12 — jy ef 49 G. 3 c. 4.] His M j-fty may issue such Orders through the Lord Lieutenant of "Ireland, Sec. to Governors, &c. of C >unties, and to Commanding Officers, as he may think necessary for " executing this Act. §17. Account of the Number of Meu discharged from the Militia shall be transmittci " by Commanding Officer to the Lord Lieutenant. §18.

CAP. VI.

An Act for the Relief of Prisoners in Custody for Non-payment of Money pursuant to Orders of Courts of Equity.

[13th March 1809.]

WHEREAS it is just and highly expedient that the Bnefit of an Act, pasted in the Thirty-fccotid Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for Relief of Debtors with respect to the Imprisor.ment of their Persons, and to oblige Debtors, whoflail continue in Execution in Prijin beyond

a certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the Act, to male Dfcovery rf and deliver upon OjlhK 1 their Eflutes for their Creditors Benefit; and of an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of Hii

present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further Relief of Debtors with ref pc 3 to the Imprisonment of iheir Personsk and to oblige Debtors, who flail continue in Execution in Prifan beyond a certain Time. and for Sums not exceeding whet are mentioned in the Ad, to male Discovery of, and deliver upon Oath, their Estates for their Creditors Benefit and of an Act, passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of H's present Majesty. iniituted, " An Act to

amend so much of an Act, made in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, 1 An Act for the Relief of Debtors with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons, and to oblige Debtors, who fall continue in Execution in Prifln beyond a certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding what arc mentioned in the Ad

to make Dis fernery of, and deliver upon Oath, their Estates for their Creditors Benefit .* as relates to the JVeek'y Stunt thereby dircPed to be paid to Prisoners in Execution for Debt, in the Cases therein mentioned ;* should be extended to

Prisoners in Custody for Contempt of Court, by not paying M^ncy ordered to be paid by Decrees or Orders of

Courts of Equity; B; it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Adrice tud Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembtid. and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, all Persons who .*, re or shall be in Custody for Contempt of any Court of Equity, by not paying any Sum or Sums of Money or Costs. ordered to be paid by any Decree or Order of any such Court, shall be entitled to the Benefit of the said several Acts of Parliament, and shall he subjrft to all the fame Terms and Conditions as arethertin expressed and declared with respect to Pn foner a fur Debtot ly j and that it shall be lawful for Persons now in Custody for such Contempt to make Application for Relief under the said Acts of Parliament, at any Time before the End of Michaelmas Term next*

CAP. VII.

An Act to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from. Corn or Grain, in the United Kingdom for a limited Time.

[13th March 1809.]

WHEREAS the circumfHnces under which it was deemed expedient to prohibit the* Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain, fttll exill; and it is thetefore necessary to continue the said Prohibition, fora Time

to be limited, and to enable His Majesty, by Proclamation, if he shall judge it for the Benefit and Advantage of Hi# Kingdom, either to terminate or farther continue such Prohibition for a Time to be limited Be it therefore tnacttd, See.

From

A.D. 1809.

49° GEORGII III.

C. 7, 8, 9. 677

From the paffiner of tfm Act Distillation from Grain prohtbirrd throughout the United Kingdom till Dec. 31; 44 1809. § After October I, 1809, His Majesty by Proclamation, &c. m?v permit Ddlillation from Grain 44 (except Wheat); or may c^ntinm the Prohibition throughout the United Kingdom frnm Dec* .31, until Forty Days after the next Meeting of Parliament. §2. Penalty for using Grain for D»IH1 uioii during the Prohibition, 500/ &c. §3. Distillers taking into thrir Custody, during the Prohibition, Grain wlrch dull have been ground (except Malt not exceeding Two Quarters, or Wheat Meal or Flour not excerding One Sack) 44 shall forfeit $Ocl. and the Grain. §4. Exemptions for DilUlers who are M'iltrs. $5. Dilti.lers may have in their Custody ground Gram at any Time within Twenty Days of the Expiration of the Prohibition* $ 6.

VII. And be it further rnafted, That every Officer of Excise in England having any Still or Still house or Other Place tiled for the Purpose of making or diituling Spirits under his Survey, shall keep exact Accounts in his Books of all Worts and W*(h whereon the Duties are impofid by an Act made and passed mi the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting certain Duties on I Boris or Wafa made from Sugar during the \Prohibition of Distillation from Corn or Grain in Great Britain, and Hull in his said Books give unto the f-veral Ddhllir* or Makers of Spirits under his Survey a Credit after the Rate or Proportion ol Twenty One Gallons of Spirit.* of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof for every One Hundred Gallons of Wort or Waih brewed or made from Sugar by such Dillhler or Dillillerf, during such Time as such Diltihcr or Diltiihrs shall continue to work or distil Spirits from Sugar.

Former Acts, (except as hereby altered, ) shall remain in Force. $ 8. Penalties may be recovered and applied 14 as under former Laws of Excise. §9.

CAP. VIII.

An Act to suspend the Importation of British or Irish made Spirits into Great Britain or Ireland respectively, until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine.

[13th March 1809.]

WHEREAS Doubts have arisen whether the Regulations under which the Drawbacks and Countervailing Duties paid or payable on Spirits the Manufacture of Great Britain and Ireland imported from either Country into the other, do not operate as a Bounty on the Exportation of Spirits from Great Britain to Ireland\

and a Duty on the Exportation of Spirits from Ireland to Scotland, contrary to the Sixth Article of the Ad

of Union; and it is therefore expedient to suspend the Importation of Irish made Spirits into Great Britain,

and of British made Spirits into Ireland for a Time to be limited, until proper Provision can be made for regulating the Intercourse b-tween Great Brit/?/« and Ireland, in relation to Spirits the Manufacture of either Country; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this pnfent Parliament alEmb-ed, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, and until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, no Spirits diddled or made in Ireland shall be importtd or brought into any Part of Great Britain, nor shall any Spirits of British Manufacture be imported or brought into any P*rt of Ireland\ on Pam of forfeiting all such Spirits so imported or brought into either Country contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, together with the Calks or Packages containing the fame, and also the Ships, Boats, or VefiVls. in which the same shall be brought or imported; and all such Spirits, Ca/ks, Packages, Ship?, Boat?, or Vessels, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Customs or Excile.

r< Penalty may be remitted by Commissionere of Excise, on Proof that the VefTJs cleared out with the Spirits before March 8, 1*109, and ou Security far the Re exportation. §2. Penalties may be recovered as under former Excise Laws. $ 3.

CAP. IX.

An Act to grant Bounties on the Importation of Flax Seed into Ireland from Great Britain, until the Eighth Day of April One thou fa ml eight hundred and nine j and to amend the Laws for the Regulation of the Linen Manufacture in Ireland, io far as relates to Importers of Flax Seed.

[13th starch 1809.]

14 Bounty of Five Shillings for every Bushel of Flax Seed imported into Ireland, having been exported From Great Britain between 8-h A'farch and Kth April 1809. § I. Bounty limited to the l'iift 50, 000 Bushel* 41 imported. §2. Regulations prescribed by 42 Geo. 3. c. 7$* and Geo. 3. c. 42. shall be observed in the 41 Importation. S 3. Bounty shall be paid by Collectors of Customs under Orders of the CanunifTnntrs of Customs. 4.

V. 4 And Whereas it is expedient that the said Act, made in the Forty*second Year of Hisprcfent Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to amend the Laws fur the letter Regulation of the Linen Manufacture in Ireland, should be amended in Manner herein after crcntimitd Be it therefore enacted, That when any Per ton shall have imported or shall import any Flax Seed into Ireland, and such Flax Seed shall have been or shall be duly inspected and examined, branded and markrd as found and fit for lowing, according to the Directions and Provisions contained in the said recited Act of the Forty-second Year aforesaid, the Importer of any such Flix Sted shall not be subject or liable to the Penalty of Ten Pounds Ten Siloings, under the said recited Act, for or in fcfpcft of any such Seed lb branded and marked for its being bad, mixed, or damnified Flax Seed, or Flax Seed until for fovving, which such Importer dial) f.-ll at any Time after the passing of this Act, between the Twenty-fihh Day of March and ihe First Day of July in any Year, nor to the Forfeiture of any such Flax Seed, northe Calks or Packages containing the lame, uor of the Price thereof when fold; Provided always, that such

Importer

Tn England, ia Account of Sjsar-Wafti liable 10 Dutie* under

4 S G. 3. c. 152. Criflit shall be «ivcii for 21 Gallons Spirit* to <* e«y IOO

Wilh.

[Continued till Q.*> March 1810, 49 O.D. c.lOi.j

Until June 1, 1809, no frish Spirits shall be imported into (treat Britain, aor British Spirit* imported into Ireland.

Fcnal %

Importer of FU\ Set d lhatt not be subjc£k to Penalty of lol. 10*. nude* 4-2 G. 0. C. 7 5.

7. for Seed unfit lor lowing, it fold between 25 March «d 1 July io auj

Year, io.

strrital of the Prmiimof Ri^ht, ij Car. 1.;

3» Car. 2. C. 1. .§04.

ConftahW, fcr. in lhatl

quarter Officer* and Men in Inns, Alahoufo*,

&c.

C. 9 — 12. 49° GEORGII TO. A.D. 1809.

Importer so felling such Flax Seed shall, at the Time bf felling the fame, deliver to the Buyer thereof a Certificate in Writing, subscribed by such Importer, expressing truly the Quantities and Price of the $«d so imported and fold, and the Port from whence the fame was imported, and the Year of its Growth, Whether such Certificate shall have been demanded on Behalf of such Buyer Or not, and that such Certificate shall be true i* all its Circumstances, and that such Seed shall not have been removed by such Importer so felling the fame front or out of the Cask or Package in which the fame was originally imported and branded with the word u Sound, " in Manner required by the said recited Act, and shall be sold in such entire Cask or Package without dividing or filling the fame in any fmalier Quantity.

u Brfore 8th Jpril 1809, any Infotdor of the Linen and Hempen Mantifadures tn Ireland may examine Flax Seed in the Ports of Great Britain, and brand and ma*k the Casks 14 Sound, " &c. §6. Fee of One*Penny " per Bushel way be taken by such Inspector. §7. Act may be altered this Session. j 8.

CAP. X.

An Act to continue so much of an Act of the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, as allows a Bounty upon double refined Sugar exported, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven; and so much of the same Act as allows a Bounty on Raw Sugar exported, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten.

fooxh March 1809.]

So much of 47 G, 3. c. 22. as relates to Bounties on double refined Sugar continued to 23th March iSn;< and so much of the said Act as relates to Bounties on raw Sugars (as continued and amendedby 48 G.j. c. 12.) 44 further continued to 25th March 1810.

C AT. XI.

An Act for further continuing, until the Twenty-fifth'Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, certain Bounties and Drawbacks on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain \ and for suspenditig the Countervailing Duties and Bounties on Sugar when the Duties im poled by an Act of the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty shall be suspended.

[20th March 1809.]

41 Reci'al of Acts 43 G. 3. c. n; 45 G. 3. r. 93; 46 G., 3. c.'io; 47 G 3, ft. r. c. 29; 48 G 3. c. \6.* Drawbacks and Bounties in Schedule to recited Act 49 G. 3. c. 93. shall be paid. §1. If, on 3th May, €t 5th September 1809, or 3th January 1810, the Average Prices of Brown or Mufeovado Sugar shall not have 41 exceeded Seventy Shillings per C*zvt. the Drawback or Bounty in the Schedule to 45 G. j. c. 93. corresponding with the Price shall be paid, &c. §2. Whenever under 46 G, 3. c. 42. } 10. the Treasury shall suspend the 41 Payment of any Part of the Duty on raw Sugar imposed by that Ad, they shall also suspend a like Pro* 44 portion of the Countervailing Duties on Iri/7.' refined Sugar imported, and of the Drawbacks and Bounties on British refitted Sugars exported. 3. 49 G* 3. c 43.] Recited Act 43 G. 3. c* il. continued to

44 jj — 25 March 1809. §4* t&v? 47 Geo. 3.ft. s. c. 29. and References there*']t

CAP. XII.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

[20th March 1809.]

41 Number of Forces 133 922. § I. — §2 to 40, are the same as the like Salient of 4S G. 3. c. 15.

XLI. 4 And whereas by the Petition of Right, in the Third Year of King Charles the Firif, it il enacted and declared, That the.People of the Land are not by the Laws to be burthened with the Sojourning of Soldiers aga'nll their Wills; and by* Clause in an Act of the British Parliament, made in the Oneand- Thirtieth Year of the Reign of King Clxtrles the Second, for granting a Supply to His Majesty of Two hundred and six thousand four hundred fixry-two Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Three-pence, for paying and dfbaadinj the Forces, it is declared and tnaded. That no Officer, Civil or Military, nor other Person whatsoever, should from

thenceforth presume to place, quarter, or bidet, any Soldier or Soldiers upon any Subject or Inhabitant of this Realm, of any Decree, Quality, or Profession whatsoever, without hie Con fen t; and that it shall andmay

be lawful for any Subj.cl, Sojourner, or Inhabitant, to refuse to quarter any Soldier or So.dit.rF, notwith-

Handing a? y Demand or Warrant, or Bibetting whatsoever: But forasmuch as at this Time, and during the

Continuance of this Act. there is and may be Occasion for the marching and quartering of Regiments, Troops, and Companies, in several Parts of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland Be it further enaeltd by the Authority aforesaid, That, for and during the Continuance of this Act, and no longer, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Constables, Tithingmeo, Headboroughs, and other Chief Officers and Ma/iib^cs 0; Cities, Towns, and Villages, and other Places within England. ICales, ar d the Town of BeruficLufcn^Tweedt and, ill their Default or Absence, for any One Justice of the Peace inhabiting in or near any such City, Tovrn, Village, or Place, and for noj others, and such Constables, end oilur Chief Magistrates as aforesaid, are hereby required, -to quarter and billet the Officers and Soldiers in His Maj< ity's Service, in Inns, Livery Stable?, Ale* house^, VLtuauing-houfii, and chc Houses of Sellers rf Wmt, by Retail, to be drank in their own Houfrs, or P aces thereunto belonging; other than and except Canteens held and occupied ui der the Authority of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Barracks, and other than and except Persons who keep Taverns on.v, being Freemen of the Company of Vintners of the City of London, who wctc admitted to the Freedom before the

A.D. 18q9*

49° GEORGII III.

G. 12.

679

Fifth Day of July One thousand fever* hundred and fifty-seven, or who since have or shall hereafter be admitted to their Freedom of the said Company in Right of Patrimony or Apprenticrship. notwithstsr.ding such Persons who krep Taverns only have taken out Victualling Licence?; and ah Houses of Perf. ns (clang Btiuly, Strong Waters, Cyder, or Metheglin, by Retail, to be drank in HoulYs, other than and txcept the House or House9oF ary Dtftillers, who keep Houses or Places for ditlihirg Brandy Strong Waters, and the House of any Shopkeeper whose principal Dealings shall be more in other Goods and Merchand'zes than in Brandy and Strong Waters (so at such D4<killers and Snopkeepers do not permit or fuss- r Tippling in his or their Houses; ) an 1 in no other, and in no private Houses whatsoever; nor shall any more Billets at any Tim' be ordered than there are effiactive Soldiers present to be quartered; all which Bdlets, when made cut by Inch Chief Magistrates or Constables, shall be delivered into the Hands of the Commsnding Officer present: And if any ConfLbF, Tythingman, or such like Officer or Magistrate, as aforesaid, shall presume to quarter or billet any such Officer or Soldier in any such private House, without the Consent of the Owner or Occupier, in such Case such Owner or Occupier fiial! have his or their Remedy at Law, against such Magistrate or Officer, for the Damage that such Owner or Occupier shall sustain thereby 2 And if any Military Officer shall take upon him to quarter Soldiers otherwise than is limited and allowed by this Act, or shall use or offer any Menace or Corrpulfion to or upo^ any Mayors, Constable?, or other Civil Officers before mentioned, tending to deter and difeonrage ary of them from performing any Part of their Duty hereby required or appointed; such Military Officer shall for every such O.Tence, (being th reof convicted before any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace of the County, by the Oath of Two credible Witnesses.) be deemed and tak^ n to be ipso fifto cashiered, and shall be utterly ddabled todiave or hold any Military Employment within this Kingdom, or in His M j Fly's Service; provided the said Con vision be affirmed at the next Quarter S. (lions of the Peace of the said County, and a Certificate thereof be transoiitted to the Judge Advocatr, in London, who is hereby obliged to certify the same to the next C urt*. martial: And in case any Person snail find himself aggrieved, in that such Constable, Tythingman, or H^ad borough, Chief Officer, or Mag; ilrate, (such Chief Officer or Magistrate not being a Justice of the Peace, ) ha&^ quartered or billetted in his House a greater Number of Sold ers than he oti^ht to bear in proportion to his Neighbours, and shall complain thereof to O c or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the Div fion, C iy,-or Liberty, where such Soldiers are quartered; or in cale such Chief Officer or Magistrate shall be a Justice of the Peace, then, on Complaint made to Two or more Justices of the Peace of such Division, Cuy, or Liberty, .such Justices respectively shall have, and have hereby Power to relieve such Person, by ordering such and so many of the Soldiers to be removed and quartered upon such other Person or Persons as they shall see Cause, and such other Person or Persons shall be obliged to receive furh Soldiers accordingly.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace, or any Two Migillrates, within their respective Junfdieiions, to grant or transfer a'iy Licence for selling Ale by Retail, or Cyder or Perry to be drank or confunaed in any House or Houfts, or Premises where more Houses or Premiss than one shall be held together by the same Person or Persons as a Canteen, or any Licence to sell Spirituous L'quors, or Strong Waters, or Wine or Liquor by Retail, to any Person or Persons applying for the fame, who shall hold any Canteen under any Lease thereof, or any Agreement or other Authority from the Commissioners for the Affairs of Barracks, without Regard to the Time of Year or any Notices or Certificate*-specified or required in relation to the applying for or granting any such Licences, any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding: And it shall also be lawtul for His Majesty's Comnv(Tuners of Excise in England and Scotland respectively, or any Person appointed or employed by the said ComaufTioneni in-.England in that Behalf, or for any Collector? or Supervisors of Excise within the r respective Diitri&s* and they*-- are hereby required to grant Licences for Ceding B<.er or Ale by Retail, or Cyder or Perry, to be drank or consumed in the House or Premises occupied as a Canteen, of the Person or Pcilons applying for such Licence, orany Licence to sell Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, or Wine or Lqnors, by Retail to any such Person or Persons who shall hold any such Canteen under any such Licence or Transfer of any such Licence of any* Justice or Magistrate as a for eft id; and it dial also be lawful for any Person or Persona holding any such Canteen under any such Lease, Agreement, or Authority as aforesaid, and having inch Licences as a'orefad to keep such Canteen, and to utter and fell therein, and in the Premises thereto belonging, and not clfewl.ere. Vitlua's and all such exciseabte L'quors as he and they shall be licensed and empowered to Ml under the Authority and Permission of any such Excise Licence as aforesaid, without bung subjtdt to any Penalty or Forfeiture, any* Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary not with Itanding.

43 to 57, are the same as §42 to 56 of 48 G. 3. c. 15.

LVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the better and more regular Provision of Carriages for His Matty's Forces in their Marches, or for their Arms, Clothes, or Accoutrements, in England^ lValcs, and the Town of Bern'id-upon Tweed, ail Jollices of the Peace, within their levtral Counties, Rd'.ngs, Divisions, Shires, Liberties, and Precincts, being duly required thereunto, by an Order From His Majdiy, or the General ot His Forces, or the Malter General or Lieutenant General of His Majesty's Ordnance, or other Person duly authorized in that Behalf, shall, as often as inch Order ta brought.'nd shewn unto One or more of them by the Quartermaster, Adjutant, or other Officer or Non-commifli mtd Officer of the Regiment, Detachment, Troop, or Company, so ordered to march, issue out his or their Warrants to the Cooilables, or Petty Constables, of the Division, Riding, City, Liberty, Hundred, and Prccindi, from, through, near, or to which such Regiment, Detachment, Troop, or Company, shall be ordered to march; rtqu.1 ring them to make such Provision of Carriages, and Horses or Oxen, with able Men to drive the [amr, as is mentioned in the said Warrant, allowing them sufficient Time to do the fame, that the neighbouring Parts may not always bear the Burthen \ and specifying in the said Warrants the Place or Places to which the said Carriages shall by virtue of such Order as aforesaid, be required tq travel; which (had not exceed the Day'* March -of the Troops, as

prefenbed

but m no

HiOilkn* or

Slt.jkc* yvrs 11* ulV*, cr in !.»- pr'vate Holies,

Penalty on I

quarttrin^ S<*1-(lit rs in prixaie 1 Ionic*, Ka*. IVn; .liy on t/tficer* q'.'ar — u-iit'c SoKtirrf cotvrary I this Act, K. c.

Persons aggrieved Ur; ng

quumved on, mav romplain to any .UiUic* and Ik- rchcvid.

I.iirnrrs may 1>*

pruM<*d lix 'iwy Ma.^.ibaies i for kc* lang,

OiliVOCIWr

rortheprovuVm^ ('amaecs lor v\ic V nv.uching ill England.

f^ct ifv tlu* I'Ucet to which ihr C arriages dodl* travel,

68o

C. I 2.

49° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1809.

m* f»r

01 filers.

on

Oflicm forcing

Wantons to travel more than Majjlilrate'* Warrant Jpceihe*.

prescribed in the Order produced to the Magistrate, unless in case of preflinsr Emergency or Nectlfity, and Ml in no Case whatever exceed Twenty-five Miles from the Place at which the March shall commence: And in case sufficient Carriages cannot he prov; ded within any such liberty. Divisio'i* or Precinct, then the Jwllice or Jnft*cts of the Peace of the next adjoining County, R: d'ng, cr Diviliun, ihaM, upon such Order as aforesaid being brought or shewn to One or more of tlum by any of the Officers aforesaid. issue his or their Warrant to the Constabks or Petty Constabks of such next County, Riding, liberty, Division, or Precinct, for the Pnrpofea aforesaid, to make up such Deficiency: Ai d the aforesaid Officer or Officers, who, by virtue of the aforesaid Warrant from the Justices of the Peace, are to demand the Carriage o» Carriages therein rrentioned of the Constable or Petty Constable, to whom the Warrant is directed, is and are hereby required, at the same Time, to pay down in hand to the said Constable or Petty Constable for the Ute of the Person who shall prov-de such Carriages and Men, the Sum of One Shilling for evrrv Mile any Waggon with Four or more Horles shall travel; and the Sum of One Shilling for every Mile any Wain with S; x Oxen, or Four Oxen with two Horlet shall travel; and the Sum of Nine-pence for evrry M le ary Wag: on with narrow Wheels, or any Cart with Four Horses, respectktly, or carrying not less than Fifteen Hundred Weight, shall travel; and the Sum of Sixpence for every Mile every Cart or other Cirriagf, with Ids than Four Hnrfes, and not carrying Fifteen Hundred Weight, shall travel: or any futher Sum not exceeding Four-petue, for cv-ry Mile any Waggon with Four or more Horses, or any Wain with 3; x Oxen, or with Four Oxen and Two Horses, shall travel; and not exceeding Three-pence for every Mile any Cart with Four Horks, or carrying not less than Fifteen Hundred Weigh*, shall travel; and not exceeding Two-pence for every Mile any Cart or Carriage with less than Four Horses and not carrying Fifteen Hundred Weight, shall travel; according as the same shall be fixed and ordered by the Justices of the Peace for any County or District nfTembled at any General Sessions of the Peace for such .County or Didrift, the said Justices having regard to the Price of Hay and Oats at the Time of fixing such additional Rate*; k>r which rcVpcftive Sums so recrived the said Constable or Petty Constable is hereby required no give- a Receipt in Writing (which Receipt need not be stamped) to the Per foil or Persons paying the lame: And such Constable, or Petty Constable, shall order and appoint such Person or Persons, having Carriage within their respective Liberties, as they shall think proper, to provide and furnish such Carriages and Horses and Oxen and Men, according to the Warrant aforesaid, who are hereby required to provide and himish the fame accordingly; and no Per Con owning or driving, or canting to be driven, any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, shall be subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture, nor shall any such Wagtjrn, Wain, Cart, nr other Carriage be Hopped or detained by reason of any Weight in any such Waggon, Watn, Cut, or other Carriage, cr of being drawn by any Number of Horses or Oxen; but it shall be lawful for any Owner of any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage to put any additional Number of Horses or Oxen to those prefenbed or paid for under thri Act; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to High ways or Turnpike Roads, or any particular Highway or Road, to the contrary notwithstanding: And if any Military Officer or Officers, for the Use of whose Regiment, Detachment, Troop, or Company, the Carriage was provided, shall force and constrain any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, to p*avel beyond the Distance specified in the M=»gistrate*s Warrant, or shall not discharge the fame in clue Time for their Return Home on the same Day, if it be practicable, or shall suffer any Soldier or Servant (except such as are Tick), or any Woman, to ride in the Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage aforesaid; or shall force any Con (table, or Petty Constable, by Threatening* or menacing Words to provide Saddle Horses for themselves or Servants, or shall force Horses from the Owners, by themselves, Servants, or Soldiers; every such Officer, for every such Offence, shall forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds; Proof thereof being made upon Oath before Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the same County or Riding, who are to certify the same to the Pay mailer-general, or other respective Paymaster of His Majesty's Forces, who is hereby required to pay the aforesaid Sum of Five Pounds, according to the Order and Appointment under the Handb and Seals of the aforesaid Justices of the Peace of the same County or Riding, and is hereby empowered to deduct the fame out of such Officer's Pay: Provided always, that in Cases where the Day's March of the Troops shall exceed Fifteen Miles, such further Compensation shall be made and paid in like Manner to the Owners of the said Carriages as shall be deemed reasonable by the Magistrate who granted the Warrant for imprefiing them, not exceeding the usual Rate and Hire of such Car-rants: Provided also, that every Order of the JusticeB alf mhled at any General Sessions of the Peace fixing*further Sum tobe pvd for the Hire of Carriages as aforesaid, in addition to the customary Rates of 0: ie Shifting, and Nine-pence, and Sixpence per Mi c respectively, shall specity the Period for which the same shall be in force, and which shall notin any Calc exceed Ten Days beyond the General Stiltons of the Peace for such County or District next ensuing the Date of such Order; and a Copy of every such Order, signed by the Chairman or Prehding Magistrate, and One other Justice of the Peace or Magistrate at the Quarter Srflion* at which the same shall be made, shall, within Three Days after the making thereof, be transmitted to the Secretary at War; and no such Order shall be valid or effectual, unless a Copy thcrcot be so ligned and track mitted as aforesaid.

44 5 59* 60, 6t, are the same as^58, 59, 60, of 48 G. 3. c. 15.

LXII.*And Whereas inconfequtnce of certain Exemptions from ToV, expressly allowed by several Art? of Parliament for His Majesty's Forces on their March, or on Duty, and for the Horses and Carriage* attending ' them. Doubts have ariten whether in all Cases not so exempted* the Officers and Soldiers, and the Carriages, and Horks, belonging to His Majesty or employed in His Service, and returning therefrom, may not be chsrged with the Payment of Tolls: Therefore for obviating such Doubts, it is hereby enacted and declared, That a\\ His Majesty's Officers and Soldiers, and their Horses, on Duty, or on their March, and all Carriages and Horses belonging to His Majesty, or employed in his Service, and returning therefrom, or employed in His Service* when conveying the Officers, Soldiers, Servants, Women, Children, or other Persons of or belonging to

1 Hu

Timber Com-pvnfetlun to be made for Car-stages, in Cab»where they cannot return the feme Day on which uopressed.

Offkm and

Soldlm, Sve. on Duty, ftnd Carriageemployed In \\l % Mftlelly's Service, exempted than Vaymeni

Tolls;

A.D. 1809.

49° GEORGII III.

C. 12.

681

«rl<f* where it if exprtTsly provide! they ire liable.

Tolls on Barsres conveying Sol-

Offrcen and

Soldiers shall be quartered in Ireland, as the Laws in force at the Time of the Union (lUvft.

His MajestyN Forces; or the Arms, Clothes, Accoutrements* Tents, Biggage* itid other Equipage, of or be* ho^in^ to His Molly's Forces on their Marches, or any Ordnance, or Barrack, or Comtn'lTariat, or other Publick Stores cf or belonging to His Matefly, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, or returning therefrom* were and are, and shall be exempted from Payment of any Duties and Tolls, otherwise demandable by virtue of any Act of Parl'?me: t already made, or hereafter to be made, for Persons, Horses, or Carriages, passing Turnpike Roads or Bridges; unlrfs by such Act it has been or shall be expressly provided that the said Officers, Soldiers, Carriages, and Horses, are and shall be liable equally with others to the Duties and Tolls therein authorized to be demanded and taken: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall exempt from the Payment of Toll any B ats, Barges, or other Vessels tmploved in conveying the Officers, Soldiers, Servants, Women, Children, or other Persons of or belonging to His Majesty's Forets, or the Arms, Clothes, Accoutrements, Tents, Baggage, and other Equipage, of or belonging to His Majesty's Forcef, or any Military Stores along any Canal, but the same shall be liable to Toll in like Manner another Boats, Barges, and Vessels are liable thereto. u §63 to 67, are the same as §62 to 66 of G. 3. c. 15.

LXVIII. And be it further erufted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful to quarter Officers and Soldiers in Ireland^ in such and the like Piacc9 and Houses as they might have been quartered in by the Laws in force in Irelamht the Time of its Union with Great Britain; and that the Possessors of such Houses shall only be liable to furnish the said Officers ami Soldiers quartered there, as by the said Laws in force at the Time of the said Union waa provided; and that if any Person in Ireland\ liable to have Officer? and Solders quartered and biiletted on him, shall refuse to receive or victual any such Officer or Soldier so quartered or billet ted upon him or her as aforesaid, or shall refuse to furniffi any such Officer or Soldier, so quartered or biiletted, in such Manner as by the said Laws in force in Ireland at the Time of the Lid Union was provided, every such Person, so rtfufing, shall be subject and liable to all such Penalties as any Person so rtfufing was liable to under or by virtue of any Laws in force in Ireland at the Time of the said Union.

4i §69 to 72, are the same as $ 68 to 71 n/* 48 G. 3. c. 15.

LXXIII. Provided nevertheleft, and it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said Twenty fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, when and as often as any Person or Persons shall be enlisted as a Soldier or Soldiers in His Majesty's Land Service, he or they shall, within Four Days, but not sooner than Twenty-four Hour?, after such enlisting respectively, be carried or go with some Officer, Non-commissioned Officer or Private Soldier belonging to the Recruiting Party by which he shall be enlisted, or with the Person employed on the Recruiting Service with whom he shall have enlisted, before some Justice of the Peace of any County, Riding, City, or Place, or Chief Magistrate of any City or Town Corporate, redding or being next to, or in the Vicinity of the Place where such Person or Persons shall have been enlisted, and not being an Officer in the Army, and before such Justice or Chief Magistrate he or they shall be at Liberty to declare his or their Dissent to such enlisting; and upon such Declaration, and returning the enlisting Money, and also each Person so dissenting paying ihe Sum of Twenty Shillings for the Charges expended or la'd out upon him, such Person or Persons so enlisting shall be forthwith discharged and set at Liberty, in the Presence of such Justice or Chief Magistrate; but if such Person or Persons shall refuse or neghft, within the Space of Twenty.tour Hour-, to return and pay such Money as aforesaid, he or they shall be deemed and taken to be enlisted, as if he or they had given his or their Affrnt thereto before the said Justice or Chief Magistrate; and if such Person or Persons shall declare his or their having- voluntarily enlisted himself or themselves, then such Justice or C lief Magistrate shall, and he is hereby required forthwith to read over, or in his own Prtfence to cause to be read over, to such Person or Persons the Third and Fourth Articles of the Second Section, and the First Article of the Sixth Section of the Articles of War against Mutiry and Desertion, and to tender and administer to such Person or Persons respectively, not only the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the said Articles of War, but also the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (A.), or if the Person shall be desirous of enlisting without any Limitation of Period of Service, the Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (B ); and if such Person or Persons shall take the said Oaths, then such Justice or Chief Magistrate shall, and he is hereby required forthwith to certify under his Hand the enlisting and swearing, together with the Place of the Buth, Age, and Calling, if known, of such Person or Persons, in the Form mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (C.), if the Oath in the Form marked (A.) shall have been taken, and in the Form marked (D.) if the Oath in the Form marked (B.) shall have been taken, except in the Case of Recruits enlisted to lerve

Claufr for Relief of Person* hailily enlisting diem-felres.

Surh Persons not patios; the Money ujtliin

the limited

7'ime shall be Wr-mcrl to be enhfteri; in which C*b»f or it they enlist, the Justice* shall reid over to them certain Seel ions of the Artieje* of War, and adniimftrr cec-imn Oath*.

laid Oath of Fidelity, and of the Oath contained in the Schedule (A.) or ( B.) to this Act annexed, take the Service,

Oath of Allegiance dirrfttd by the said Act of the Thirty-ninth of His Majesty, and contained in the Schedule ie AmJI take to this Act annexed, marked (E.); and the Justice or Chief Magistrate shall certify such Enlistment and Swearing ihe Oath of accordingly in the Form mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (F.); and if any such Person Allegiance, or Persons, so to be cettided, shall wilfully refuse to take the said Oath of Fidelity before the said Justice or Chief Magistrate, it shall and may be lawful for such Officer, fresh whom he has received such Money as aforesaid, to detain and coniine such Person or PcTons until he or they shall take the said Oath of Fidelity; and tvery Mititary Officer that shall act contrary hereto, or offend herein, shall incur the like Penalty and Forfeiture as is by this Act to be infhfttd upon any Officer for making a false and untrue Muller; and the Penalty and Forfeiture shall be levied and recovered in the same Manner as any Penalties or Forfeitures are by this Act to be levied or recovered.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall receive the enlisting Money from any such Officer, Noa-commissioned Officer, Private Soldier, or other Person employed 49 Geo. III. 4T on

PcHorif r<*r-iu'ng diluting Mou*j

C. I 2

490 GEORGII III.. AJX180?.

and abscondinr, &c. deemed duly £ 11 lilted

Persons concealing Infirmities on cnlifting, may be transferred to Garrison, Veteran or Invalid Battalions, or the Marines. Persons making false Representations for the Purpose of obtaining Bounty, deemed guilty of obtaining Money under faHe IV cn ces^as under U0G.2. c. 24.

Deserters fuTTen-jendering shall be deemed to have been duly enacted.

Penalty on Apprentices enlisting themselves.

ftfaftm not

entitled to claim Apprentices* unless bound for a certain Period, and the Matters shall take the Oath herein mentioned;

How Matters in Scotland shall proceed to recover Apprentices.

v.

on the Recruiting Service, (knowing it to be such, ) and shall abscond, or refbfe to-go-before-such JuSice or Chief Magistrate or if any Person having received any such enlisting Money as aforesaid shall thereafter abOnt hi.mfelf from the Recruiting Paity with which he enlidtd*, or Pctfon with whom he eulifted, and shall not voluntarily return to such Recruiting Party or Person entitling him, to go before some Justice of the Peace or Magi-, flrate, under the Provisions of this Act, within such Period of Four Days aforesaid, such P?rfon ftnlt be deemed to be enlisted, and a Soldier in His Majesty's Service as fully to al) Intents and Pdrpofea as if he had been duly-attested, and may be apprehended and punished as a Deserter, or for being absent without Leave under any Articles of War made for Punishment of Mutiny and Dtfcrtion; and it shall not bt nectfiary for any Recruiting Party or Person employed in enhtling to give any Notice to any such Person, or to go after any such Person for the Purpose of carrying such Person before any Justice or Magistrate as aforesaid; nor shall any such Person who shall not have remained with, or who shall not have returned to such Recruiting Party or Person enlisting bun as aforesaid, be entitled to be discharged or be discharged by any JuRice of the Peace or Magistrate afier the piration of such Four Days as aforesaid.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That any Person who shall cnlifl into His Majesty's Forces, and who shall be difeovtred to be incapable of active Service, by reason of any Infirmity which shall have b?en concealed by such Person, or not declared before the Justice of the Peace at the Time of his Attestation, and mentioned at the Foot thereof, may be transferred into any Garrison or Veteran or Invalid Battalion, or into His M*j"fly's Marine Forces, notwithstanding he (had have enlisted for any particular Regiment; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament, or any Rules and Regulations relating to Soldiers, to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That any Person who shall knowingly, wilfully, and designedly make any false Representation of any Particular contained in the Oaths respectively marked (A.) and (IF) and Certificates marked (C.) and (D.) in the Schedule to this Act respectively contained and anmxcd, before the Justice of the Peace or Magistrate at the Time of his Attestation, lor the Purpose of obtaining, and shall obtain any enhfting Money or any Bounty for entering into His Majesty's Service, or any other Money, fhdl bedrenwT guilty of obtaining Money lind.-r false Pretence, within the true Intent and Meaning of an Act pilTed ri the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more tjfeSttd' Punishment of Persons who sholl attain or attempt to attain P of: jft an of Goods or Money by fife or untrue Pretence: , for preventing the unlawful pawning of Goods, for the easy Redemption of Goods fawned, and for preventing Gaming*, in Publick Houses by ^Journeymen, Labourers, Servants, and Apprentice*; and the Production ol such Certificate, and Proof of the Hand writing of ti e Justice of the Peace giving such Certificate, (had be sufficient Evidtnce» of such Party having represented the several Particulars contained in the Oath (worn by him, and specified in the Certificate of the Justice at the Time of his enlilling.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That any Person who shall voluntarily furren !er or deliver, himself up, as a DTtrter, from any Regiment or Corps of His Majesty's Forces, shall be deemed to have been duly tnufttd and to be a Soldier, a^d shall be liable to serve in any such Regiment or Battalion or Corps of His Majesty's Forces, as His Majesty shall think fit to appoint, whether such Person shall have been evtr afttuliy enlisted as a* Soldier or not.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Pcifoo duly bound as an Apprentice, shall enlist at a. Soldier in His Majesty's Land Service, and shall (late to the Justice of the Peace, or Magistrate before whom l: e> shall be carried, that he is not an Apprentice, every such Person so offending, and beng thereof duly couvi&rd, shall be and is hereby declared to be subjjft and liable to be imprisoned in any Gaol rr House of Correction, znl kept to hard Labour for Two Years, may be indicted and punished for obtaining Money under Iftfc Pieknces under the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Thirtieth Year of the Kvien of Hw late Majesty Kingr Georg* the Second, and (lull, afier the Expiration of his Aoprenticeship, be liable to serve as a Soldier in any Regiment of His Majesty's Regular Forces; and if, on the Litpiralion of his Apprenticeship, he shall not deliver biodrif to fime Officer authorized to receive Recruits, may be tr.k'm as a Desert.r Iron His Mqcily'a Forces.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Master in Englandlha I be entitled to claim any Apprentice who shall after the paflhig of this Act, en'ill as a Soldier in His Majesty's Land Service, unUfs such Aptrenrice (hJl have been bound to him in England for the full Term of Seven Year?, and if in Ireland for the full To m cf Five Years at the I.-aft, and unless such Mriler shall within One Calendar Month after such Apprentice Hull have abfcooded or left his Service, go b fjte some Justice of the Peace or Mat»t \ra'c, and before such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate take the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, nurktcl (G.)and prod-ice the Certificate of such Justice of the Peace or Mig'strate of his having taken such Oath, which Cert ficate such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate is hereby required to give in the Form in the Schedtile-to this Act cim: xtd| marked (H.)

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That no Mailer in Scotland shall be entitled to claim any Apprentice who shall after the passing of this Act, trilift as a Sold»cr in His Majesty's Land Service, unlsfs inch A jprrntice shall have been bcund to him for the lull Term of at least Four Years by a regular Contr.rft or Indrinure of Apprenticefhio, duly extended, signed and tefttd, and binding on both Patties by ih? Lnv of Seedand, poor to the Period of Enlillment, and unless such Contract or Indenture, so duly executed, fftad, wi.hia Three Months after the Commencement of the A-pprenticcship, and before the Period of Enhftment, hnve been produetd to a Justice of the Peace of the County wherein the Parties veide, and there shall have been indorsed thercorv by such Justice a Certificate or Declaration ligned by him, specifying the Date when, and the Person by whom such Contract or Indenture shall have been so produced, which Certificate or Deftarat'on such Justice of the Peace is hereby required to indorse and sign; and unless such Apprentice shall, w'hen claimed by such Mofter be under Twenty*one Years of Age, and unless such Mailer shall, within One Calendar Month after f.: ch Apprentice shall have abfcomkd or left his Service go before some Justice of the Ptace, and bclore such Justice of the Peace take the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Act anntx-.d, marked (G.L and produce the

Certificate

2LD. 1809.

'49° GEORGII III.

C. 12.

683

Matters in Scotland shall nor be precluded from claiming

Certificate of such Justice of the Peace of hit having taken such Oath, which Certificate such Justice of the Peace*i$ hereby squired to give in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (H.)

LXXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Matter in Scotland shall be precluded from claiming any Apprentice who shall hereafter enlist, by reason of the Contract or Indenture not having been produced to a Justice of the Peace in the Manner directed by the Act of the latt St {lion of Parliament, intituled, an Act for funj/bing Mutiny and Desertiotu and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, within - the Time therein limited, provided the same shall be produced to any Justice of the Peace of the County wherein eidlilinfr 0^' In-the Parties reside, and be indorsed as therein directed, at any Time within Three Months after the passing of denture*!* this Act, produced to a Justice within a Months after paffin^ this Act*

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That any Matter of any Apprentice who shall have enlisted as a Mailers of Soldier in His Majesty's Land Forces, shall upon his confcnting to give up the Indentures of Apprenticeship Apprentice* within One Month after the enlisting of such Apprentice as a Soldier, be entitled to receive to his own Use so much of the Bounty payable to such Recruit, after deducting therefrom Two Guineas, which (tail be to receive* ° reserved in order to provide the said Recruit with Necessaries, as shall not have been paid to such Recruit before certain Part of Notice given of his being an Apprentice, the Bounty Money.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That every Apprentice who shall be claimed by his Matter, shall be Apprentices "betaken before a Justice of the Peace or Magistrate of the County, Stewartry, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, by their

or Place, where such Apprentice shall happen to be when so claimed, and it shall be lawful for such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, and such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate is hereby required, on Proof on Oath of jufUceand such Person being an Apprentice, and having eniifttd and declared that he was no Apprentice, and on Production committed, and Proof of the Indenture of Apprenticeship, to commit such Person so offending as aforesaid to the Common Gaol of the County, Stewartry, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Place where such Person shall be at the Time when he shall be so claimed by his said Master, there to remain, until he shall be discharged by due Course of Law.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, Ju(Hce« Audi except in Scotland, as herein after mentioned, before whom such Person so offending shall be so taken as aforesaid, examine upon to examine into the Matters alleged against such Person upon Oath, and which Oath the said Magistrate is Gath, and hereby empowered to administer; and also to keep in his Custody the Indenture of Apprenticeship, to be produced as Occasion shall require, and to bind over the Matter claiming such Person, and any other Persons he may think proper, to give Evidence at the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or St (Ivin of Oyer and Terminer, at which the Trial of such Person is herein after directed to be had against such Person so offending, and the Production of such Indenture of Apprenticeship, with the Certificate of the Justices of the Peace or Magistrate that the fame was proved before him, shall be sufficient Evidence of such Indenture of Apprentice ship.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That every such Offender, except in Scotland\ as herein after mentioned, may and shall be tried at the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or Srfiions of Over and Terminer for the County, R'ding, Division, City, Liberty, or Place, wherein the Offence charged shall have been committed, next after such Offender's being brought before such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate as aforesaid, or the Scflnns immediately succeeding such next Sessions, unless the Court shall think lit to put off the Trial on just Cause.

§ 86 to9o, are the same as §81 to 85 o/^S G. 3. c 13

XCI. 4 And Whereas several Soldiers, being duly lifted, do afterwards defiert, and are often found wandering, Justice maj[

or othrrwiie absentirg themfflvcs illegally from His Majesty's Service/ it is hereby further enacted, That it ro, niit shall and may be lawtul for the Constable, Headborough, or Tithingman, of the Town or P<ace where any TJefcrters,

Person, who may be reasontbly suspected to be such a Deserter, shall be found, or for any Officer or Soldier in PI is Mdj.fty'a Service, to apprehend or cause such fufptfted Person to be apprehended, and to bring or cause him to be brought before any Jultioc of the Peace, living in or near such Town or Place, who hath hereby Power to examine such fuiptfted Person; and if by his Confession, or the Testimony of One or more Whness or Witnesses upon Oath, or by the Knowledge of such Justice of the Peace, it shall appear or be found that such suspected Person is a filled Soldier, and ought to be with the Troop or Company to which he belongs, such Justice of the Trace shall forthwith cause'him to be conveyed to the Gaol of the County or Place where he shall be found; or the House of Correct on, or other Publick Prison, in such Town or Place where such Deserter shall be apprehended; or to the Savoy, in case such Deserter shall be apprehended within the City of London or IVrjlmirsler, or Place# adjacent; or to the Provuft Marshal in case such Deserter shall be apprehended within the City or Liberties of Dublin, or Places adjacent; and transmit an Account thereof to the Secretary at War for the Time being in London, or if the Defetter be apprehended in Ireland, to the Chief Secretary to the Chief Governor or Governors thereof, to the end that such Person maybe removed by an Order from the Office of the said Secretary at War. or Chief Governor or Governors, and proceeded against according to Law: Aud the Keeper of every Gaol, House of Comftion, or Prison, in which such Deserter shall at any Time be confined, shall receive such Subsistence for the Maintenance of such Dcffrter during the Time that he shall continue in his Custody, as by His tty's Regulations i« or shall from Time to Time be directed in that Behalf, and shall be entitled to One Shilling for tvery Twenty-four Hours Imprisonment of such Deserter; and the Keeper of every Gaol,

House of Correction, or other Publick Prison of iheCity, Town, or Place at or in which the Party or Ptr/on conveying such Deserter shall halt on the March, shall, and he is hereby required to receive and confine every Deserter who shall be delivered into his Charge and Custody by any Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier who shall be conveying such Deserter under any lawful Order, Warrautj or Authority, while on the Road from

4 T 2 the

keep che Indenture to be produced.

OfTrnrIrrs (hill he uied at the next or ft 1 creed* in^ Quarter Seliiun*.

m

JuAires of Peace, granting an Kxirnlion of Fic'lough, e»Ti--tvnverect on Request to order Parish Officers to advance Pay to Soldier*, which is to be reimbursed by the Collectors of Excite.

Commissaries upon making up iheir Accounts, or returning from Foreign Service, ftiaU take Oath. Officers, Storekeepers, Com-Taiflaries, &c. embezzling, &c. Military Stores, &c. may be tried by a Court-martial.

Penalty on such Offenders#

For want of

Oiflrefs the Offender shall be commuted.

Application of the Forfeiture*

'sids A A not to extend to the Militia, &c. further than is dirtied by the Laws relating thereto.

Exception*

Perforw taking a ftJfc Oa h, gudty of Perjury.

C. 12. 49° GEORGII III. A.D. 1809.

the Place where he was apprehended, to the Place to which he is to be conveyed, without any other Warrant or Authority for so doing than the Production of the Warrant of the Justice of the Peace, on which such Deserter shall have been taken, or some Order from the Office of the Secretary at War, or of the Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, and shall be entitled to One Shilling on account of the Ia.prisonment of the said Diferter; any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding,

" §92 to 95, art the same as §87 to 90 of 48 G. 3. c. 15.

XCVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, that in all Cases in which any Extension of Furlough shall be granted as aforesaid, and upon the Request of any such Noncommissioned Officer or Soldier to whom the same shall be granted, it shall be lawful to the Justice of the Peace granting the fame, to make an Order in Writing under his Hand upon the Churchwardens and Overseersof the Poor of the Parish, Township, or Place wherein such Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier shall reside, requiring them to pay to such Non-comm ffi med Officer or Soldier any Sum of Money directed in such Order, not exceeding what the Pay of such Non cc mmissioned Officer or Soldier would amount to for the Period to which such Furlough shall be extended as aforesaid; and the same shall be paid accordingly, upon Production and Delivery to him of such Order, by any such Parish Officer out of any Money in his Hands applicable to the Relief of the Poor; and the Sum so advanced by such Parish Officer shall, upon the Production and Delivery of such Order to the Collector of Excise of the Dillrid within which such Parish, Township, or Place shall befituatcc?, or any Person officiating for such Collector, be repaid to such Parish Officer, to be applied to the Relief of the Poor, by such Collector of Excise or other Person out of any Publick Monies in his Hands, and the same shall be allowed in his Accounts, and such Orders of Justices shall be taken as Cash in the Payment of Duties of Excise received by him: Provided always, that if the Justice of Peace shall not think fit to make such Order for paying any such Money as aforesaid, he shall iiatehis Reasons for such Refusal in Writing at the Back of the Furlough.

§ 97 to 99, art the same as f 91 to 93 of 48 G- 3. c. 15.

C. And be it further enacted, That all Commissaries, upon making up their Accounts, and also upon returning from any Foreign Service, shall tak-the Oath deferibedin the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (I.) which Oath, if taken in any Part of the United Kingdom, shall be taken before some Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, and if taken on Foreign Service, before the Commander in Chief, or the Second in Command, or the Quarter Master or Deputy Quarter Matter General, or any Affiilant Quarter Master General of the Army to which he shall be attached, who shall respectively have Power to administer the same.

CI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Commission Officer, Storekeepeer, or Commissary, or Deputy or Assistant Commissary, or other Person employed in the Commissariat Department, or in any Manner in the Care or Distribution of any Money, Provisions, Forage or Stores, belonging to His Majesty's Forces, or for their Use, that shall embezzle or fraudulently misapply, or cause to be'embezxkd or fraudulently misapplied, or shall knowingly or wilfully permit or suffer any Money, Provisions, Forage, Arms, Cloathing, Ammunition, or other Military Stores to be embezzled or fraudulently misapplied, or to be spoiled or damaged, may be tried for the fame by and before a General Court-martial, and it shall be lawful for such Court-Martial to adjudge any such Person while in Service out of the United Kingdom to be transported as a Felon for Life, or for any certain Term of Years, or to suffer such Punishment of Pillory, Fine, Imprisonment, Dismissal from His Majesty's Service, and being capable of serving His Majesty in any Office Civil or Military, as any such Court shall think fit according to the Nature and Degree of the Offence, or that such Person shall forfeit Two hundred Pounds, and that such Person shall in addition to any other Punishment, make good, 11 his own Expence, the Loss and Damage thereby futtained, to be ascertained by such Court-martial; which shall have Power to seize the Goods and Chattels of the Persons so offending, and fell them for the Payment of the said Two hundred Pounds, and such Damage: And if sufficient Goods and Chattels cannot be found and frized, then the PtrJbo so offending shall be committed to Prison, or the Common Gaol, thereto remain (inAdditioa to any other Punishment or Imprisonment) for Six Months without Bail or Mainprize, and until he shall pay such Deficiency; and after the said Sum shall be recovered and levied, the fame (h&.i be applied and dtfposed of as His Majesty shall direct and appoint. u §102 to 114, are the same as §95 to 107 of 48 G. 3. r. ij.

CXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be any waysconftrned to extend, to concern any of the Militia Forces, or Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps in Great Britain or Ireland, or in Jersey, Guernsey % [Alderney, Sark, or Many or the I (lands thereto belonging, excepting only in such Case wherein, by any Act or Acts for regulating any of the Militia Forces or Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps in Great Britain or Ireland, the Provisions contained in this Act, or in any Act for punishing Mutiny and D.fertion, which shall be then in force, are extended and meant to take place in respect to the Officers and Soldiers of the Militia Forces, or Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps in Great Britain and Ireland; and also except so far as relates to the mattering of the said Militia Forces according to the Provisions herein after mentioned.

u $ 116, 117, are the same as §109, J10 of 48 G. 3. c. 35.

CXVIII. And be it further enacted, That any Person taking a false Oath in any Case wherein an Oath it required to be taken by this Act, shall be deemed guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, and being thereof duly convded, shall be iiable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Laws now in force any Persons convicted of wuful and corrupt Pet jury are subject and liable to.

11 § i 19 to 128, are the same as § m to X 20 of G* 3. c. 15.

Continuance

U.

49° GEORGII III.

685

A.D. 1809.

C. 12, 13, 14.

4t Continuance of A & in Great Britain from 25 th March j3 09 to 24th March 18105 in Ireland from 31st March u 1809 to 1st April 1810; in Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, from 30th April 1809 to id May «* 5810; in Gibraltar, &c. from 24th March iSio to 23th March 1811, [1129.

CXXX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act, so far as relates to the Allowances to be made Ad, in part, for the quartering of Soldiers and providing for their Horfts, or for the Provision of Carriages, Horse*. Boats, be altered Barges, or other Vessels, and Men, may be altered and varied by any Ad or Act to be made is this Session of Parliament. t. 37 / '

Schedules A* to H. are the same as those annexed to 48 G. 3. c. 15.

SCHEDULE (I.)

FORM OF OATH.

T do hereby make Oath, That I have not applied any Money or Stores, or Supplies,

under my Care or Distribution, to my own Use, or to the private Use of any other Person, by way of Loao to such Person, or otherwise, or in any Manner applied them, or knowingly permitted them to be applied to any other than Publick Purposes, and according to the Duty of my Office.

Sworn before roe by the within-named 1

this

Day of

A.B.

f Justice of the Peace for the County of or Commander in Chiefy or Second in Command, SsV. the Army serving in &£ as the Case may bed]

CAP. XIII.

An Act for the more effectually preventing the Forging of Bank Notes, Bank Bills of Exchange, and Bank Post Bills, and the Negociation of forged and counterfeited Bank Notes, Bank Bills of Exchange, and Bank Post Bills, of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland.

[2oth March 1809V]'

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland\ in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Iri& Act,

Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectually preventing the Forging of the Notes and Bills of 38 c

the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, and the Circulation offorged Notes and Bills of the said Governor

and Company; it was amongst other Things enacted, That if any Person shall have in his or her Posscffioa or

Custody any forged or counterfeited Note or Notes, Bill or Bills of Exchange, of the Governor and Company

of the Bank of Ireland, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited, with an Intent to utter or negociate the same as the true and genuine Note or Notes, Bill or Bills of Exchange, of the Governor and Company of-'the Bank of Ireland, every such Person so offending, and being thereof convicted, shall be punished by Fine*,

' Imprisonment, Pillory, or other corporal Punishment, according to the Discretion of the Court before whom

be or (he shall be prosecuted for such Offence: And whereas the said Provision, and the Penalties therein contained, have been found inefficient to deter Persons from the Perpetration of the Offences thereby meant to be

guarded against, and it is therefore deemed expedient to repeal the fame}' Be it therefore enacted by the King's (noft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after tb+-Expiration of Ten Days after the Day of passing of this Act, so much of the said recited Act as is herein-before recited, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed, except so far as relates to any Offence against the said recited Act committed before the Expiration of Ten Days after the Day of passing of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or I\rfor.s in that Part of the United Kingdom called Person* Ireland, shall, from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the Day of passing of this Act, purchase or knowingly rereceive from any other Person or Persons any forged or counterfeited Bank Note, Bank Bill of Exchange, Bank ce'vinS Post Bill, or Blank Ba»k Note, Blank Bank Bill of Exchange, or Biank Bank Post Bill, of the Governor and forged Notes or Company of the Bank of Ireland, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited, or shall knowingly or wittingly Notes of have in his, her, or their Possession or Custody, or in his, her, or their Dwelling House, Out-house, Lodgings, the Bank of or Apartments, any forged or counterfeited Bank Note, Bank Bill of Exchange, or Bank Post Bill, or Blank Wand shall he Bank Note, Blank Bank Bill of Exchange, or Blank Bank Post Bill, of the said Governor and Company, ttaDfyorted. knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited, without lawful Excuse, the Proof whereof shall lie upon the Person accused, every Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof convicted according to Law, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall be transported for the Term of Fourteen Years.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for repealing an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, relative to Child Murder 5 and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof.

[20th March 1809.]

WHEREAS by an Act of the Parliament of Scotland\ passed in the second Session of the first Parliament of King IViiltam and Queen Mary, intituled, Act anent murthering of Children, it is enacted, that if any Womao shall conceal her being with Child during the whole Space, and shall not call for and make use of Gul. & Mar, Help and Afliftanct in the Birth, the Child bring found dead or amiffing, the Mother shall be holden and

Scotch Ad, Self. 2. Pari. 1.

leputed

u.

0.14 — 18. 49 GEORGII I'JT. A.D. 1B09.

Women in Scotland, concealing Pregnancy, Lc. shall he .m-prisoned Two Vtar>,

reputed the Murtherer of her own Child: And whereas the PurriHunent of Death has been found too rigorom

for such an Offence: But nevertheless it is expedient that it Humid be repressed, and punished suitable to iti

Quality and Degree: May it therefore pleofe Your Maj-Hy that it may be enactrdand be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confcut of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, ind Commons, in this present Parliament afT^rnbled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, the said in part recited Act of the ParliamcHt of Scotland Hiall be and the fame ia hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That if, from and after the passing of this Act, any Woman in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, (fiftl conceal her^being with Child durirg the whole Period nf htr Pregnancy, and fhdl not call for and make use of Help or Afiiflancein the Birth# and if the Child b? found Head or be amifiing, the Mother being lawfully convicted thereof, shall be imprisoned for a Period not exceeding Two Years, ia such Common Gaol or Prison as the Court before-which (he is tried Audi direct and appuiot.

J-iG.O. c. 88.

£bG.d. c. 09.

Spirit* of the IVnluoe f*f the West Indus, importci! into Bermuda may be im|>orte<l into Lower Canada, Ike.

CAP. XV.

An Act to indemnify such Persons in* the United Kingdom as haveomitted to qualify therrtfives'fot Offices and Employments, and for extending the Times limited for thbfe Purposes respectively, until the Twenty-fifth D.ty of March One thousand eight hundred and ten;and to permit such Persons in Great Britain as ^ave omitted to make and file Affidavits of she Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, -to make and-file the fame on or before the First IXiy of 'Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and ten.

[30th March 1809.]

QoVe 44 G. 3. c. 7. and References' there."]

CAP. XU.

An Act to allow the Importation of Rum and other Spirits, from the Island of Bermuda into the Province of Lower Canada without Payment of Duty, on the fame Terms and Conditions as such Importation may be made directly from His Majesty's Sugar Colonies irvthe West Indies.

[24th March 1809.]

WHEREAS it i9 expedient that a Commercial Intercourse (hoidd be encouraged between the Province of Lower Canada and the Island of Bermuda, and between fhc hitter and Vlis Majesty's Sugar Colonic*4 in the Wfl Indies: And whereas certain Duties on Rum and other Spirits imported into Canada are impjfrd

by an Act of the Fourteenth Year of H; s present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to ejlabajh a Fund towards further dfraying As Charges of the Admkiijlrathn of justice and Support of the Civil Government wit fun the

/' Province 17/Quebec in America; which Duties ar-. under certain Comlitioi s and Rdtriftions. remitted by m 4 Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to allow the Importation of

Rum or other Spirits from His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies into the Province of Quebec

without Payment of Duty* under certain Conditions and R frictions Be it therefore enacted by the Kind's mail

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Common?, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, any Rum or other Spirits, being the Produce or Manufacture tff any of His Sugar Coionirs in

the West Indies, legally imported into the Island of Bermuda* may be legally imported into the Province of Lower Canada* and landrd and admitted to an Entry upon Payment of the fame Rate of Duty as if the fame had been imported directly from any of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in the IFeJl India* ard underdhe Conditions and Restricbons contained in the said Act, without Payment of Duty, in the same Manner as if such Rum or other Spirits hud been impoited directly from any of the said Sugar Colonies.

CAP. XVII.

An Act to authorize His Majesty* during the put: font War, to make Regulations respecting the Trade and Commerce to and from the Cape of Good Fhpc. '[24th March 1809.]

£5Ve 46 G. 3. c. 30. to which this Act is prcctfcly Jimiiar, except as to the Continuance of the A3 j which by §3. i: (as in the Title) during the present I Far.]

Cap. xviii.

An Act for continuing until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, several Acts for the free Importation of Cochineal and Indigo; and until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, an Act of the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, to permit the Exportation of Wool from the British Plantations in America.

March 1809.]

44 7 G. 2. c. 18. respecting the Importation of Cochmeal and Indigo, (lall continued and amendtd by 4* G " c. 29. §12.) further cor.tinued till March 25, 1814. § I. — 46 G. 3. c. 17. respecting the Exportation of Wool continued till March 25, 1819. $ 2.

49 GEORGII III.

C. 19. 68 7

CAP. XIX.

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

[24th March 1809.]

WHEREAS it may be necessary, for the Safety of the United Kingdom and the Defence of the

Ireland'. And whereas the said Royal Marine Forces may frequently be quartered on Shore, where they wiil

not be subject: to the Laws relating to the Government of His Majesty's Forces by St a; yet nevertheless it c bdng requisite, for the retaining of such Forces in their Duty, that an exact Disciplme be observed; and that Marines who shall mutiny or stir up Sedition, or shall desert His Majesty's S.-rvic*, be brought to a more

exemplary and fptedy Punishment than the Law will a'Jow / Be it tnr.ftfd by the King's most Excellent Mtjffiy, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand tight hundred and nine, if any Person being entered or in Pay as an Officer of Royal: Marines, or who is or shall be lifted or in Pay as a Noncommissioned Officer or Private Man, in any Division of Royal Marines in His Majesty's Service, and on the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, shall remain in such Service, or during the Continuance of this Act, shall be voluntarily entered and in P^y. as a Marine Officer or Private Man in His Majesty's S-rvice; and being ordered or employed in such 'Service, at any Time durirg the Continuance of this Act, on Shore in any Place within the said Kingdom, or in any other of His Majesty's Dominions, shall begin, excite, czufe, or join in any Mutiny or Sedition in the Company to which he do'h or shall belong, or in any other Company. Troop, or Reg'ment. either of Marine or Land Forces, in His Majesty's Service; or shall not nfe his utmost Endeavour to supprrfs the fame, or coming to the Knowledge of any such Mutiny, or intended Mutiny, shall not, without Delay, give Information t'«ereof lo his Commanding Officer; or shall dnfert His Mijdly's Service, or bing actually entered as a Miiine in any Company, shall {lilt himfdf in any other Company, Troop, or Regiment, [or enter as a Seaman,] in His Majesty's Service, without first having a Discharge in Writing from the Officer commanding in Uhitf the Company in which he last served as a Marine; [m which Case he shall be reputed a Deserter; ] or {h ill be found fl?ep; ng upon his Poll; or {lull leave it before relieved; or fhftl hold Corrdpondence with any Rebel or Enemy of His Majesty, or give them Advice or Intelligence of any Kind, by any Ways or Means, or in any Mnntr whatsoever; or shall treat with such Rebels or Enemies, or enter into any Condition with them, without His Majesty's Licence, or L'ctnce of the Lord H'gh Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland/ or Three 01 nrre of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the Time bring; or Hull strike or use any Violence agffiift his fupctior Officer being in the Execution of his Office; or shall disobey any lawful Command of his fnpertor Officer; all and every Person and Persons so offend*nj in any or tither of the Matters before mentioned, on Snore, in any Part of this-Kingdom, or in any olhrr of His Majesty's Dominions, shall fuller Deaths or such other Piinilliment ab by a Gouit-rriirtial shall be instifted.

[jVhe Words let ween B rackets in the foregoing Set lion are in addition to the Words in former Mutiny Acts ] u §2 to 28, ere the same as in the Act 48 G. 3. c 14.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, no Paymaiier, or other Offi er or Person whatsoever shall receive ary Fee, nr m*ke any Deductions whatsoever, out of the Pay of any Marine, either Officer or Private Man. in Majesty's Service, or from their Agents, which shall grow due from and after the said Twenty*fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, other than the usual Deductions for Clothing and Twelve-pence in the Pound to be d'spefed c f as Hia M*jdly Hull think fit. and the One Day's Pay of the Offi: ers. now paid to the lhtyaialler of Widows Per, (ions, ard such other fleet (Lry Deductions as shall, from Tune to Tune, be dirtftrd by the faith Lord H gh Admiral, or Three or more of the CommiflDners for executing the Office of Lord H gh Admiral: for the Time being, by Order in Writing under his or their respective Hind or Hands.

u to 32, the same as in the Act 48 G. 3. c. 14. §33, as to quartering Marines in Ireland, is the same as

u §68 of the Arm» Mutiny Act> 49 3. c. 12.

XXXIV. And be it further c: acted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the P-ace for the County, Town, or Place, where any Non-cominifii.m Officer or Marine shall be quartered in that Part of Great Britain called England, in case such N m-comnvffion Officer or Private Mahne have eith-r Wife or Child or Children, to be summoned before them in the To vn or Place where such N in commtfii m Officer or Marine shall be quartered, in order to make Oath of the Place ot their last leral Settlement, (which Oath the said Justice3 are hereby empowered to adm niller, ) and such Non commission Officers and Private Marines as aforesaid are hereby directed to obey such Summons, and to make Oath accordingly; and such Justices arc hcrehy required to fcivean attested Copy of such Affidavit so made betorc them in the Person miking the Lme, to be by him delivered to his Commanding Officer in order to be produced when required; which attested Copy shall be it any Time admitted in Evidence as to such last legal Settlement belorc any of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace or at any General or Quarter S flion of the Peace: Provided always, that in case any Noti-comm ffion OflLer or Privafc Marine shall be again summoned to make Oath as aforesaid, then on such attested Copy of the Ojiii by him formerly taken being produced by him or by any other Person on his Behalf, such Non-commission Offic r or Marine shall not be obliged to tak* any other or further Oath with regard to hia legal Settlement, but shall have a Copy of such attested Copy of Examination if required.

4

After March -jHOf), during the ('onrir.uaj.ee of this Act, every Marine Ofti' er. Non-cotmnilTuiiu ci Officer, and Private Men on Shore, wIk) ihtil ' mvit.nv, Itr.-or who llwll*rirfrrt, or lift*in-any oih< r lb*; irrnif. <c.

Of Ibil! Ik- louud ibcjiin^ on, ot shall riclert hit Port, or hold Con* fjxmclero* -with I'mieit- or Hrhek, or I)m!I link'* - or t!iu.l»e\ hii fnjieric.r Officer; -ffiull lulicr l>\uh, or such

1 umlhuu ut is % Court to uttid O.all itiuieU

No P.*yTw(Wr,Ne ft all mahe l)e<! its out o'. ( i !i« rj OT

Piiv; .ie Men's Ijbcep\ioat»-

Two Justico* -

m\v funnnnti lt»! .nos having V\ itc^r ( hiiclren to na.r (JmU of their Ult betdeiueut.

Penalty for

JM arines to d«ifcrt; I OOl. or i a Months Imprisonmentnd Pilloiy.

Hoar such Penalty shall be re covered.

Penalties for OiFenres commuted in Ireland, &<\ how to be sued lor.

Desertrrs summdering'deemed entiiled.

Persons receiving tnlulujg Money.

Apprentices taking the Oath

im ntioned in Schedule (A.) liable to be jinpri i'oned, ike.

Matter* claiming Apprentices Audi take the Oath men! >oned in Schedule (1$.) See.

0.19. 49° GEORGII III. A.1X1809.

f as i0 providing Carriages, is the same as §58, of 49 G, 3. c. 12. §36 to 48, are the same as §35 /047,

" of 48 G. 3. c. 14.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall in any Part of His Maj^y's Dominions, dirccliy or indirectly. persuade or procure any Marine in the Service of His Majesty, His Heirs or Succrflbr?, to desert or leave such Service as aforesaid, every such Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall for every such Offence forfeit to His Majesty, Hit Heirs or Successor*, or to any other Person or Persons who shall sue for the favie, the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and if it shall happen that any such Offender so convicted as aforesaid, hath not any Goods and Chattels, Lands or Tenements, to the Value of One hundred Pounds so pay and satisfy the fam^, or if from the Circumstancet and Heinotifncfs of the Crime, it shall appear to the Court before which the said Conviction shall be made as aforesaid, that any such Forfe; ture is not a sufficient Punishment for such Offence, it shall be lawful for such Court to commit any such Offender to Prison, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Twelve Months without Bail or Mainprize, and also to (land in the Pillory for the Space of One Hour in some Market Town next adjoining to the Place where the Offence was committed, in open Market there, or in the Market Town itfdf where the said Offence was committed.

L. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties by this Act imposed for persuading or procuring any Marine to desert, witbiu that Part of Great Britain called England may and shall be sued for, and be recoverable in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster % and for such like Offences ae shall be committed in that Part of Great Britain called Scotlandt shall be sued for and recoverable in His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Scotland; and for such like Offences as shall be committed in Ireland\ shall be sued for and recoverable in any of His Majesty >s Courts of Record in Dublin; and for any such like Offences as shall be committed in any of the Dominions of His Majesty, shall and may be sued for and recoverable in any Court of Record of His Majesty in the Place where the Offence shall have been committed; and for such like Offences as shall have been committed within the Island of Guernsey, the same shall be sued for and be recoverable in the Royal Court of Guernsey; and for such Offences as shall be committed within the Island of Jersey, the same shall be sued for and be recoverable in the Royal Court of strfey; any Thing contained in an Act passed in the First Year of King George the Fird to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LI. And be it further enacted, That for such of the said Offences as shall be committed within that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland\ the Penalties herein enacted shall be sued for, and be recoverable in iny of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Dublin; and for such of the said Offences as shall be committed within the lilts of Alderney and Sari, the Penalties herein enacted shall be sued for and be recoverable in the Royal Court of Guernsey; and for such of the said Offences as shall be committed within the Isle of Man, the Penalties herein enacted shall be sued for and be recoverable in any of the Courts of Record in the said Island, or in any of His Majesty r$ Courts of Record at Westminster.

LII. And be it further enacted, That any Person who shall voluntarily surrender or deliver himself up as a Deserter from His Majesty*? Royal Marine Forces, shall be deemed to have been duly enlisted and to be a Marine, and shall be liable to serve in His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, whether such Person shall have been ever actually enlisted as a Marine or not.

" §53 to 60, are the same as §48 to jj, of 4S G 3. c. 14.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall receive the en'ifting Money from any Officer (knowing it to be such) and shall abscond or refuse to go before such Justice or Chief Magistrate, or if any Person having received any such enlist ing Money a9 afemsaid, shall thtreaf er absent himself from the recruiting Party with which he enlisted, or Person with whom he enlisted, and shall not voluntarily return to such recruiting Party cr Person emitting him, to go before some Justice of the Peace or Magistrate under the Provisions of this Act within such Period of Four Days as aforesaid, such Person shall be deemed to be eniifted and a Marine in His Majesty's Service as fully to all Intents and Purposes as if he had been duly attelled, and may be apprthemied and ounished as a Deserter, or for being absent without Leave under any Articles of War made for Puniflvnent of Mutiny and Desertion, and it shall not be necessary for any recruiting Party or Person employed in enlisting, to give any Notice to any such Person, or to go after any such Person for the Purpose of carrying such Pafon before any Justice or Magistrate as aforesaid, nor shall any such Person who shall not have remained with, or who shall not have returned to such recruiting Party or Person enhftirg him as aforesaid be entitled to be discharged or bt discharged by any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate after the Expiration of such Four Days as aforesaid.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person duly bound as an Apprentice shall enlist as a Royal Marine in His Majestys Service, and shall take the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed mariccd (A.), every such Person so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be and is hereby declared to be iubj & and liable to bt imprisoned in any Gaol or Hotife of Correction and kept to hard Labour (or Two Years, and may be indicted and punished for obtainu g Money under false Pretences, and shall after the Expiration of his Apprenticeship be liable to serve as a Marine; and if 011 the Expiration of his Apprenticeship he ftnll not deliver himself to force Officer authorized to receive Recruits, may be taken as a Deserter from His Mijcily'a Royal Marine Forces.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Mailer shall be entitled to claim any Apprentice who shall, after the passing of this Act, enlist as a Royal Marine in His Majesty's Service, unless such Apprentice Hull have been bound to him in England for the full Term of Seven Years, and if in Ireland for the full Term of Five Years at the lead, and unless tuch Matter shall within One Calendar Month after such Apprentice shall have absconded or left his Service, go before some Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, and before such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate take the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (D.), ana produce

2 the

/L.D.iZog, 49° GEORGII III. C. 19 — 23.

the Certificate of such Justiceof the Peace or Magistrate of his having taken such Oath, which Certificate such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate is hereby required to give in the Form in the Schedule to this Act Annexed, marked (C).

w Continuance of Act in Great Britain 23 March 1809 to 23 March iSro; in Ireland from I April iSoj 4i to 1 April 1810. §66. — The Schedules are precisely similar to those in 48 6\ 3. c. 14.

CAP. XX.

An Act to make perpetual several Laws relating to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures; to the allowing the Importation of Rape Seed, and other Seeds used forextrading Oil, whenever the Prices of middling British Rape Seed shall be above a certain Limit 5 to the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in His Majesty's Plantations in America; and for amending and making perpetual several Laws relating to the preventing the clandestine running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby; and to the allowing the Importation of Seal Skins cured with Foreign Salt free of Duty.

[24th March 1809.]

8 G. 1. c. 15. §1. as to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures, (last continued by 43 G. 3. c. 29. §10.) 41 made perpetual. $ 1. — 35 G. 3. c. 117. for allowing the Importation of Rape Seed, Sec. (last continued by /* 44 G. 3. c. 33. §1.) made perpetual. §2.-5 G. 2. c. 24. for encouraging the Growth of Coffee; except such 41 Part as relates to Foreign Coffee; (lift continued by 4 ] G. 3. c. 29. §12.) made perpetual. §3. — 8 G. I. c. 18.

to prevent the clandestine running of Goods, See. (last continued by 43 G. 3. c. 29. §9.) made perpetual*

4i except such Parts as relate to Quarantine and to the licensing of Boats. §4. — 31 G. 3. c. 26. allowing the Importation of Seal Skins, (last continued by 44 G. 3. c. 35. §2.) made perpetual. Not to affect the Duties of Customs granted by 43 G. 3. c. 69^'44£, 3. r.53: 43 G. 3. c. 29: and 46 G. 3*. 42. — fee now "49 C-3' ' 980 — 55-

CAP. XXL

An Act for granting Annuities to discharge certain Exchequer Bills.

[24th March 1809.]

The Interest on Exchequer Bills under 47 G. 3.JI. 2. c. 73: 48 G. 3. c. 7: 48 G. 3. c. 97: and 48 G. 3. c. 114.

4i which (hill he carried to Exchequer Office before March 20, 1809, shall be paid; and the Holders (had 4i receive Certificates to the Bank entitling them at their Option for every 100l. either to to3l. 3l. in the Five* per Cents, from 5 January 1809; or to 81l. 8s. in the said Five^er Cents, and 261. 5l. in the Four per Cents,

4i from 3 April 1809, provided the Amount of Exchequer Bills exchanged shall not exceed E»ght Millions. §1.

[See 48 G. 3. c. 38. an Act of a fmilar NatureJ

CAP. XXII.

An Act for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities into and from the Port of Falmouth in the I Hand of Jamaica.

[24th March 1809.]

4 YT7HFRF.AS by an A4 pass; d in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to confdidate and extend the several laws now in force for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandise into and from certain Ports in the West Indies, a certain limited Trade is*p.-rmiited to be carried on at certain Ports in the lfiand of Jamaica in Foreign Vessels of a particular Description: And whereas it is deemed proper and expedient that such Trade fhcmld in like Manner b#

1 permitted at the Port of Falmouth in the said Island Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Cm lint of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act all such fonefiu of GoocIr and Commodities a*i are by the said Add permitted to be imported into and exported from the P rts in 45 c. a the Island of Jamaica, mentioned in the said Act, may be imported into and exported trom the Port of Falmouth 10

in the said IlUnd, in the fame Sort of Vessels, under the same Rules, Conditions, Regulations, and Relbiftions, FortolF*lm end subject to the like Penalties and Forfeitures for the Breach thereof, as are described, provided, arid 'n*inM* impoffd in the said Act, respecting the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities into and from the Ports mentioned in the said Act.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for further continuing until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, an Act made in the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty, for prohibiting the Exportation from and permitting the Importation to Great Britain of Corn*, and for allowing the, Importation of other Articles of Provision without Payment of Duty.

[30th March 1809.]

44 39 G. 3. c. 87. (last continued by 46 G. 3. c. 29. §2.) further continued to 2$ March 18 ic; except as to tht 14 Exportation of Corn, Grain, and Flour, to lrciand.

49 Geo. III.

4U

690 C. 24>25>26

A.D. 1809.

Sprint Wash rc-tliililled shall be eharjntl with Duty, umicr ll<* filiations of wiling Act*.

'Unmanufactured Tobacco may be imported into Great Britain IVom any Port, subject to the I>uties payable tt n British Plantation Tobacco, tin ( I Oiall on Exportation be milled to drawback*.

29 G. 3. c. 68.

T uch Tobacco shall be subject to the fame Teirnlationa as jVnish Plantation Tobacco.

T^nmanufiidurcd tail i culian or South Arnerij an rJ obacco may fie imported under Ol der in Council.

47 Cm. 8. ft. 1. c. 24. (continued i) 4b C7. i3. t. 'ii>. §0.)

49° GEORGII III.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for charging with Duty Spent Wash, re-distilled in Great Britain.

[30th March 1809.]

WHEREAS certain Distillers in Great Britain arc in the Practice of re-fermenting and rc-distilling Walb commonly called Spent Wash, after the fame has been through the Still: And whereas Doubts hive

arisen whether such Wash so re-fermented is chargeable as new Wort or Wash: Now, for obviating all such Doubts/ be it declared and enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all such Spent Wash which shall be fermented or re-fermented for the Purpose of being distilled into Spirits, shall be deemed and taken to be New Worts or Wash to all Intents and Purposts whatsoever, and shall also be chargeable and charged with all the Duties to which Wort or Wash brewed or made for extracting Spirits, are or may be liable; and all such Spent Wash which shall be so fermeated or re-fermented as aforesaid, shall also be, and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to all and singular the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament in force at and immediately before the passing of this Act, relating to the Distillation of Spirits.

CAP. XXV.

An Act to permit, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, the

Importation of Tobacco into Great Britain from any Place whatever.

[30th March 1809.]

4 TT7T1EREAS it is expedient to permit, for a limited Time, Tobacco to be brought into Great Britain,

from Countries and Places from whence, under the Laws now in force, it cannot legally be imported/ Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons to import into Great Britain, from any Port or Place whatever in any Foreign State, or from Malta or Gibraltar, any Sort of Unmanufid ured Tobacco in any British Ship or Vessel owned, navigated, and rtgillered according to Law, or in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any Country or State in Amity with His Majesty, navigated in any Manner whatever; and such Tobacco shall be subject and liable to such Duties of Customs and Excise, and no other, as shall be due and payable on Tobacco of the Produce of the British Plantation* 5 and such Tobacco shall, on due Exportation, be entitled to such Drawbacks of the Duties of Culloma and Excise, as are paid and allowed on the Exportation of Tobacco of the Produce of the British Plantations, any Law, Cullom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that all Tobacco imported by virtue of this Act, shall be entered and landed only in such Ports in Great Britain, where Tobacco is or may be allowed to be entered and landed; and that such Tobacco may in such Ports be lodged and secured in Warehouses approved of by the Commissioners of the Custom9 in England and Scotland respectively, under the Regulations of an Act passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, Bn Bet for repealing the Dutiet on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof or of any other Act or Ada parted iince, relative to the warehousing of Tobacco.

II. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all Tobacco imported into or exported from Great Britain, by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, shall be and the fame is hereby made subj .'d and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures to which any Tobacco of the Growth of the British Plantations is or may be subject and liable to, by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the passing of this Act; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine, or Forfeiture for any Offence whatever committed against or in breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament made for securing the Revenue» of C11 (toms and Excise, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers, and Directions therein contained, fhdl and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised, and put in Execution, for and in respect of Tobacco imported into or exported from Great Britain, by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, so far as the same are applicable thereto, in as full and ample a Manner to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if all and every the said Clauses, Prov.rtons, Powers, Dredionif Pain*, Penalties, and Forfeitures were particularly repeated and re-enactedin the B^dy of this present Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful by Order in Council to permit the Importation into Great Britain. as aforesaid, of unmanufactured Tobacco, being the Produce of the Raft Indies, or of any of the Spanish or Portuguese Colonies or Plantations in South America, packed in any Sort of Packages whatsoever* upon such Conditions and under such Regulations and Restrictions as shall be imposed and provided in any such Order, any Thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

" Continuance of Act 25 March 1811. §4.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for allowing until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, the Importation of certain Fish from Parts of the Coast of His Majesty's North American Colonies; and for granting a Bounty thereon.

[30th March 1809.]

4 IT THE RE AS it is deemrd reasonable and proper that the Encouragement given to the Fisheries carried on r from the Island of Newfoundland, and C^all of Labrador, by an Act passed in the Forty-seventh 1 Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, Bn Act for allowing until the First Day of Augull One thousand eight hundred and eight, the Importation of certain FJh from Newfoundland, and the C&afl of Labrador, and for granting

A.D. 1809. 49 GEORGII III. C. 26, 27. 69J.

granting a Bounty therein, which has been continued by an Act of the Forty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, should be extended to the Fisheries carried on by the Inhabitants of certain of His Majesty's Colonies on the Continent of North

America? Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Sa?fed Salmon Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of or Cod cured at the fame, That from and after the passing of this Act, any Salted or Pickled Salmon, or Salted Dry Cod Fish, St. L^wmice. having been taken and cured at the Coast: of the Gulf of Saint Lawrence, the Coast of the Bay of Fundy, the hylintiih Coalt of Cape Breton, or the Coast of Prince Edward's Island by British Subects, may be imported from any imported.1"^ of the said Places into this Kingdom, any Law, Cullom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, that UDon the Importation of such Fish into this Kingdom, and also upon Bountiesfti»U the Importation of such Fish into the Islands of Guertly or fferfey, from any of the said Coasts and Places, i, e paid on there shall be allowed and paid the fame Bounty, and the same Rules, Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, Importation of subject to the same Penalties and Forfeitures for the Breach thereof, shall be applied to the Importation of such huh Fish, ssoa Fish, the Payment of Bounty thereon, and the Exportation thereof, a* is and arc allowed, mader provided and imposed by the said Act, in the Case of such Fish imported into this Kingdom, and the Islands of Guernsey and Jersey respectively, from the Island of Newfoundland and the Coast of Labrador.

41 Continuance of Act March 1810. §3.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland and the Islands adjacent; and for re-annexing Part of the Coalt of Labrador and the Islands lying on the said Coast to the Government of Newfoundland.

[30th March 1809.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Thirty*third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

An Act for ejlallishing Courts of Judicature in the Island ^'Newfoundland ami the Jfiinds adjacent; winch,

4 by several fubhquent Acts, has been continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thotiLnd eight hundred and nine: And whereas it is expedient that the Provisions of the said Act should be amended, and the |)y g.; j.

like Courts of Judicature as were thereby inUituted, be established and made perpetual Be if therefore c. 29. §1.) enacted by the King's most Excellent M-jftly, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it His Majesty, by shall and maybe lawful for His Majesty, by his Commission under the Great Sea), to inibtute a Court of toinmiil'on Criminal and Civil Jurisdiction, to be call'd " The Snort me Court of Judicature of the Ilbnd of Newfoundland, " under die Great with full Power and Authority to hold Plea of all Crimes and Mildtmcanors committed within the Klind of SoaLmay Newfoundland, on the Islands of Saint Pierre and Miquelon, and on the Islands and S'*as to which Snips or Ihnliul and Ve(Tt46 repair from the Iflmd of Newfoundland for carrying on the Fishrry, and on the Back* of Newfoundland, Civil Jurisdi<ftio* in the same Manner as Plea is holder! of such Crimes and Mifdttneanors in that Part of Great Britain called at Newfound* England, and also with full Power and Authorvy to hold Plea in a summary Way of all Suits, and Complaints land.

of a Civil Nature arising within the Island of Newfoundland, on the Islands of Saint Pierre and Mirjue'on, and on the Islands ai d Seas aforesaid, and on the Banks of Newfoundland, and in Great Britain or Ireland; which Court shall determine such Suits and Complaints of a Civil Nature according to the Law of England as far as the fame can be applied to Suits and Complaints arising in the Islands and Places aforesaid; and the Lid Court shall be a Court of Record, and shall be holden by a Chief Justice to be appointed by His Majesty, who shall have full Power and Authority to inquire cf, hear, and determine all Crimes and Misdemeanors, Su ts and Complaints cogn zable in the said Court, and such Court flnll have such Clerks and Miniflmal Officers as the Chief Justice fhftl think proper to appoint; and Inch Salary shall be psid to the said Chief Justice as His Majesty.

His Heirs and Successors, shall auprovc and direct, and such Salaries be paid to the Clerks and Minilterial Officers aforesaid as shall be approved by the Chi-f Justice, with the Consent of the Governor of the Island of Newfoundland; which several Salaries shall respectively be in lieu of all other Profits and Emoluments whatsotwr.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Governor of the Ifhnd of Newfoundland from q-; , r Covrrrrr, TimetoTime to institute Courts of Civil Jurisdiction, to be called ' Surrogate Courts? in different Parts of the \Fih A-ivin- ., f Island of Newfoundland and the Islands aforesaid, as Occasion shall require, with full Power and Authority to C liui Juiuce, bear and determine, in the like summary Way, all Suits and Complaints of a Civil Nature arising within the a> "lhualti Island of Newfoundland, and on the Islands of Saint Pierre and Miquelon, and on the Iflancis and S: as aforesaid, (

and on the Banks ot Newfoundland, and in Great Britain or Ireland; which Courts shall respectively be Courts

of Record, and shall determine according to the Law of England, as far as the fame can be applied to Suits and Complaints arising id the Islands and Places aforesaid; and the fad Courts respectively shall be holdrn by a Surrogate to be appointed from Time to Time by the Governor of the said I Hand, and shall have full Power and Authority to hear and determine all Suits and Complaints cognizable in the said Court; and the said Court lha I have such Clerks and Ministerial Officers, with such Salaries as the Governor shall appoint, which Salaries shall be in lieu of all Profits and Emoluments whatever.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Supreme Courts and Surrogate Courts Mxir of Pro respectively, when any Suitor Complaint shall be depending therein, to caul'e to appear from Day to Day ail t-f , iin Persons interested in the Matter in Dispute, and to examine upon Oath such of them as it shall be deemed proper iueh Court* for better discovering the Truth, and thereupon, and af ter due Corsideration of all Circumstances, to m <ke such Order, Judgment, or Decree therein, and award such Damages and Costs as the Case shall require; and that r.i

4 U 2 ad

o

Mode of Trial if Act 'u»n al>ove 40a. by Jury or A (Tc flora to tht Judge,

Appeals from the

{Surrogate Court to tin* Supreme Court in A^ious above 4ol. and from the Supreme Court to the Privy Council in Actions exceeding 1001.

When Coods are attached, and it shall appear the Party is insolvent, the Court shall order Lis Klh fts to be ^ollected and AJlubuied.

of

Krfci'ds of iafuhent Farties.

fVrti finite of the Court shall le a Par to Suits lor Debts prior to juiuheocy.

C. 2f* 49 GEORGII III. A.D. 18C9.

all Cases where the cause of any Suit or Complaint shall not exceed Five Pounds, the Party who is to an fiver such Suit or Complaint shall be made to appear in Court by Summon*; and in all Cases where such Summons shall be disobeyed, or where the Cmfe of any Suit or Complaint shall exceed Five Pounds, and shall be from to in an Affidavit made by the Plaintiff, then that the Party who is to answer such Suit or Complaint may be cauhd to appear, by Attachment of his or her Goods, Debts, or Effects, or by Arrest of the Person, and that the Execution of any Order, Judgment, or Decree may be enforced by Attachment of the Gmds, Debts, or Credits of the Party, or by Arrest of the Person again! whom such Order, Judgment, or Decree Hull be made; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said Chief Justice and Surrogates respectively to amhoiize some Person in hi* or their Absence respectively to issue Process, and do all Adds appertaining to the saul Supreme Court and Surrogate Courts respectively, save and except the inquiring of* hearing, and determiung of any Crime or Misdemeanor, or any Suitor Complaint of a Civil Natur*.

IV. And be it further enacted, That where the Cuife of AcPon shall exceed the Sum of Forty Shillings, and it shall be prayed by the Plaintiff or Defendant in such Suit or Complaint that a Jury may be summoned to try such Action, it ffiailbe lawful for the said Chief Juliice and Surrogates respectively, and he and they are hereby respectively required to cause Twenty-four Persons to be summoned, of whom Twelve shall be a Jury for the Trial of such Action, and to proceed therein according to Daw: Provided always, that if a Number of Jurors sufficient for the Trial of such Action, haying been duly summoned, shall not appear to be sworn, it shall and may be lawful for the Governor of the said Island to nominate ard appoint Two proper Persons to be Assessors to the said Chief Justice, and for each Surrogate in his Court in like Manner to nominate and appoint Two proper Persons to be his Assessors; which Assessrrs, together with the said Chief Justice or Surrogates respectively, shall proceed to the Trial of such Action in like Manner as if such Jury had not been prayed.

V. And be it further enacted, That upon any Decree or Judgment given in a Surrogate Court, Dr any Sunr exceeding Forty Pounds, it shall be lawful for the Party against whom such Decree or Judgment shall be given to appeal therefrom to the Supreme Court, having first given Notice of such Intention, and having entered into a Security to the Surrogate in double the Sum for which such Judgment or Decree was given or made, within Two Days after making or giving such Judgment or Decree, for duly prosecuting such Appeal; and npr>n any Decree or Judgment given in the Supreme Court for any Sum exceeding One hundred Pounds, it shall be lawful for the Party against whom such Decree or Judgment shall be given or made to appeal therefrom to His Majesty in Council, having first given Notice of such Intention, and having entered into Security, to be approved by the Chief Justice, in double the Sum for which such Judgment or Decree was given or made within Two Days after the giving or making of such Judgment or Decree, for duly prosecuting such Appeal; and in all Cases of Appeal, as soon as Notice shall be given and Security entered into as aforesaid. Execution shall be flayed, but not otherwise.

VI. ' And Whereas it will greatly contribute to the Advancement of the Trade and Fishery of Newfoundland

if such Effects as Pe»fons becoming insolvent in the said Island of Newfoundland and the I (lands aforesaid were

possessrd of or entitled unto within the said Island, or in the Islands or Seas aforesaid. or on the Banks of New*

foundland, should be divided among their Creditors with more Equality than hath hitherto been practised; Be it further enacted, That as often as the Goods, Debt*?, and Credits of any Person shall be attached, and it shall bema ie appear to the Court out of which the Process of Attachment hath iffutd, that the Goods, D; bts, and Credits so attached are not suffi: ient to pay Twenty Shillings in the Pound to all those who shall be Creditors by reason of Debt3 contracted within the Island of Newfoundland^ and on the Islands and S as aforesaid, or on the Banks of Newfoundland, or in Great Britain and Ireland, it shall be lawful for such Court to summon the Party whose Goods, Debts, and Credits are so attached, together with the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs who have fuedout any Attachment, and also such Persons who are known to be Creditors as aforesaid of the Defendant, to appear in Court at a certain Day; and if upon a due Examination of the Defendant and the said Creditors, it shall appear that he or she is insolvent, the Court shall declare him or her insolvent accordingly, and shall immediately proceed to take order for discovering, co)le£ling, and felling the Effects and Debts of such Person, and d'flributing the Produce thereof rateably amongst all the said Creditors of such Person so declared info.vent, and for that Purpose shall authorize any One or more Creditors of the said Defendant, who shall be chosen by the major Part in Value of such Creditors, whose Debts amount respectively to the Sum of Ten Pounds and upwards, to perform the fame; and that such Court shall from Time to Time make such Ol der therein as shall be deemed proper for better discovering, collecting, and felling the Effects and Debts, and making a rateable Distribution thereof among the said Creditors.

VII. And be it further erased, That in the Distribution to be made of the Estate and Effects of such Person so declared insolvent, every Fisherman and Seaman employed in the Fishery, who shall be a Creditor for Wage! become due in the then current Season, shall first be paid Twenty Shillings in the Pound so far as the Eflc&l will go; and in the next Place every Person who shall be a Creditor for Supplies furnished in the current Seaion shall be paid Twenty Sinkings in the Pound; and in the next Place every Person who shall have become a Creditor within Two Years shall be paid Twenty Shillings in the Pound; and lastly, all other Creditors shall be paid equally as far as the Effects will go.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if such insolvent Person shall make a true Disclosure and Discovery of all his or her Goods and Etfedfs whatsoever, and shall conform him or herself to the Order and Direction of the said Court, the same shall and may (with the Consent of One-half in Number and Value of his or her Creditors) be certified by the said Court, and such Certificate* when pleaded, shall be a Bar to all Suits and Complaints for Debts contracted within the Iflmd of Newfoundland, and on the Islands and Seas aforesaid, and cn the Banks of Newfoundland\ and in Great Britain or Ireland, prior to the Time when he or she wai declared insolvent.

C»

A.D. 1 Soc^r

49° GEORGII in.

C. 27. 693

Chief .ruftU'# nm i; rsnt i'yoh tres arxf

Adaiintfinuion*

33 G. 3. c.; 6,

continued until the 0|»rnlffi» of the Siijacute Court.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Chief Justice, Of any Person or Persons appointed by him for that Purpose under his Hand and Seal, shall have Power to grant Administration of the EfiV£U of Intestates, and the Probate of Wills, and that the EfTVv*lsof deceased Persona shall not be admirhflered within the Island of Newfoundland, or on the Klandsand Seas aforesaid, or on the Banks of Newfoundland, unitfs Administration thereof, or Probate of Wiils respectting the fame, flmll have been duly granted by such Authority as aforesaid.

X. And it further enabled. That an Atl onfltd in the Thirty-th: rd Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for ejlallish'ing Courts of Judiaturc in the IJl.mil of Newfoundland, and the JJlands adjacent, iwhich has by several lublequeiit At\s been continued to the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, shall be 2nd continue in Foice until the opening of the Supreme Court instituted by virtue of this Act, and no longer; and every Suit or Complahit which shall at that Time be depending in the said Court of Civil Jurisdiction shall and may be proceeded upon in the said Supreme Court, in the same Manner as any Suit or Complaint oripinally commenced in the said Supreme Court,

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Court in the IHatid of Newfoundland, or No CourtsItaB Elands aforesaid (except the Supreme Court and the Surrogate Courts appointed by virtue of this Act) to hold hold Plea* except Plea of any Suit or Complaint of a Civil Nature, any Law, Cutlom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: on ler IVvifionx Provided nevertheless, that the Court of Vice-Admiralty having Jurisdiction in the said Eland, shall and may 0 iis

ho d Plea of Maritime Causes (except only the Wages of Scamtn and Fishermen, which are to be heard and determined in Manner herein after directed, ) and Causes of the Revenue, as heretofore practised and used:

Provided also, that ail Disputcs which shall arise concerning the Wages of any Seaman or Fisherman, and all OfTtnces which shall be committed by any Hirer or Employer of such Seaman or Fisherman, against this or any other Act relating to the Island of Newfoundland, or the Elands and Seas aforesaid, or the Fishery thereof, and all Difpvites concerning Seamen or Fishermen wilfully absenting themselves from their Duty or Employ, without the Leave or Consent of Their Hirer or Employer, or wilfully neglecting or refilling to work, shall and may be heard and determined, and the Penalties and Forfeitures thereby incurred shall and may be recovered in the Court of Session, or before any Twojudices of the Peace.

Xlf. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Court of Session in a summary Way to hear and determine all Suits for the Payment of Debts not exceeding Forty Shillings, and not contracted more than One Year before the Commencement of such Suits respectively; and it shall be lawful for the Court of Session, or such Two Justices refotdively, to award Colls therein; and such Determination and Award shall be final, and shall be carried into Execution by Attachment and Sale of the Goods and Effects of the Party against whom the Determination was made.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Chief Justice to settle such Forms of 'Chief Justice Process, and such Rules of Practice and Proceeding, for the Conduct of all Pleas, Suits, and Complaints, and for the Dispatch of the Business of the said Supreme Court and Surrogate Courts, and of the Business in the aeix^mVce*'

Courts of SciTion, or before any One or more Justices of the Ptace respectively, and to appoint such reasonable*

Fees to be taken for the Conduct and Dispatch of Pleas, Suits, Complaints and other BuiineE nsaforesaid, and for the granting Administration of the Effects of Intestates, and for the Probate of Wills, as shall seem necessary

and proper for expediting Matters with the moll Convenience and hall Expence to the Parties concerned therein;

and such Process and Rules of Piadice and Proceeding shall bt followed and obeyed, and such Fees fhdl be pail

accordingly, and do other, and that all such Fees received in any Surrogate Court shall be pa*d and accounttd for

by the Surrogate in the said Supreme Court; and that it shall be lawful for the said Chief Justice, and he is hereby

required to settle and limit what Fees and Poundage (halt be taken by the Sheriff of Newfoundland and the fame

shall be taken, and none other; provided, that no such Fees for the Dispatch of Pleas, Suits, and Complaints, or other

Business as aforesaid, or for granting Administration or Probate of Wills, and no Fees or Poundage to be taken by the Sheriff, shall be taken until the Rate and Table of every Fee or Poundage so to be taken shall have been approved

by the Governor of the said Blind of Newfoundland, and such Approbation signiiicd under his Hand and Seal.

XIV. ' And Whereas his Majesty by His Proclamation of the Seventh Day of October One thousand seven Part of the Ccufl hundred and sixty three, was pleased to declare that he had put the Coast of Labrador from the River Saint of Eibrxdor and

John to Hudfitis Streights, with the Islands of Anticofi and Madclaint, and all other smaller Eland* lying on the l^e !^antis

laid Coast, under the Care and Inspection of the Governor of Newfoundland: And Whereas by an Act passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making more effectual Provision for the Government of the Province of Quebec in North America, all such Territories, lllands and Countries,

as since the Tenth Day of February One thousand seven hundred and sixty-three had been made Part of the Government of Newfoundland, were, during His Majesty's Pleasure, annexed to and made Part of the Province of Quebec, ns created by the said Proclamation: And Whereas in pursuance of an Act passed in the Thirty-Mi r(t Year of His present Majesty's Reun, intituled, An Act to Repeal certain Parts of an Act, passed in the axC. 3. «.il

Fourteenth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for making more effectual Provison for the Government of the Province of Quebec, in North America/ and to make further Provison for the Government of the said Pro-9 vince, the said Province of Quebec was divided into Two Provinces of Upper and Lower Canada, the latter

including the Parts of the Coall of Labrador and the said Islands so formerly annexed to the Government of Newfoundland 1 And Whereas it is expedient that the said Coall of Labrador, and the adjacent Islands (e xcept the Islands of Maddaine) should be re-annexed to the Government of Newfoundland* Be it therefore enacted,

That such Parts of the Coall of Labrador from the River Saint John to Hudson's Streights, and the said Eland of Anticofli, and all other smaller Islands so annexed to the Government of Newfoundland by the said Proclamation of the Seventh Day of October One thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, (except the said Elands of Maddaine, ) shall be separated from the said Government of Lower Canada, and be again rc-anntxed to the Government of Newfoundland; any Thing in the said Act passed in the Thirty* first Year of liis present Majesty's Reign* or any other Act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

a And

Suits for Debt* under 40*. reaj be decided by the Court of Sc&on.

on the ihid Cu&it re-annexed to the Govciimiem ot Newfoundland.

49" GEORGII III.

694

Supremo Court shall hold Picas anting within such Parts.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

Limitation of Anions fix Mooilis.

[General Issue.]

Treble Coil*.

?G .a.«. 23.

CTerVs of Coroner and Attorney of thi ( nirt of Kind's JVnch Itiay hr aiimiited and in.ihthe as Attornies.

[Public Act.]

C. 27, 28.

A.D. 1809.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Supreme Court of Judicature of the Island of Newfoundland to hold Plea of all Crimes and Misdemeanors committed, and of all Suits and Complaints of a Civil Nature arising within such Parts of the Coast of Labrador from the River Saint John to Hudfins Streights, and the said Hland of Anticojli, and all other smaller I Hands so re annexed to the Government of Nrcu found and) or on the Islands, Seas, and Harbours, to which Ships and Vessels reDair from the Parts of the Coal! of Labrador and the Island and Islands so re-annexed to the Government of Newfoundland for carrying on the Fishery, in the same Manner as the said Supreme Court holds Plea of Crimes and Misdemeanors committed, and of Suits and Complaints of a Civil Nature arising within the Island of Newfoundland\ and on the Islands and Sea aforrfdd, and on the Banks of Newfoundland.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties; and Forfeitures imposed by any Act of Parliament made, or which shall hereafter be made, relating to the Island of Newfoundland^ or the Fishery thereof, may be recovered in a summary Way in the said Supreme Court, or in any Surrogate Court; and every Penalty and Forfeiture of the Sum of Ten Pounds or under may be recovered in the Court of Session, or before any One or more Justices of the Peace; and all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures imposed, paid, or levied in any Surrogate Court, or in any Court of Session, or before any One or more Justices of the Peace, shall be forthwith eftrtated and paid into the said Supreme Court by the Surrogate, or by the Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively before whom they w?re recovered; and it shall be lawful for the said Supreme Court to issue Procefa for better compelling such Justices and Surrogates to bring to account ail Monies which ought to be so paid and accounted feraa aforesaid; and all Money arising from such Fees, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures shall be applied and appropriated towards defraying the Expence of carrying this Act into Execution.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced a gain ft any Perton for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within S.'X Months next after the Matter or Tiling done; and the Defendant in such Suit or Action may plead the General Affue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if a Verdict shall oafs for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff shall be nonfnited or discontinue his Aston after the Defendant has appeared, or if Judgment shall be given upon any Verd'ft or Demurrer against the Plaintiff, the Defendant shall recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as Defendants have in other Cases by Law.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act to enable the Clerks of the King's Coroner and Attorney In the Court of King's Bench to be admitted as Attornies. (\30th March 1809.]

WHEREAS an Act of Parliament passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His late Majestf King < y/ V George the Second, intituled, An Act for tf>e better Regulation of Attornies and Solicitors, by which it was enacted, (among other Things, ) That from and after the E: rit Day of December One thousand seven hundred and thirty, no Person fh mid be permitted to act as an Attorney in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record therein- mentioned, unless such Person should have served as a Ckrk for and durirg the Space of Five Years to an

Attorney, duly and legally sworn and admitted, and should have been thereupon examined, fworo, admitud,

and iiirolledin any of the said Courts respectively: And Whereas by the said Act, it was provided and enacted, That nothing therein contained should extend, or be construed to extend to the Examination, Swearing, Admis*

lion, or lorollment of the S-x Clerks of the Court of Chancery, or the Sworn C erks in their Office or the waiting

Clerks btlongin^ to the said Six Clerks, or the Curlitors of the said Court, or of the Clerks of the P-tty Bag

Office, or of the Clerks of the Ivng's Coronerand Attorney in the C^urt of King's Bench, or of the Filaztrmf the fame Court, or of the Filazcr? of the Court of Common Pieafi at Westminster, or of the Attornies of the Court of the Duchy Cnamber of Lancn/lert or of the Attornies of the Court of Exchequer at Chester, or or the Alter. 4 nies of the Courts of the Lord Mayor and Sheriffs of London respectively for the Time bung; but that the lad

Clerks Filazers, and Attornies respectively, should and might be examined, sworn, admitted, inrolled, and prac- tife in their rdpeftive Courts and Offices aforesaid, in like Manner as they might have been, or done before the making of that Act: And Whereas Objections have been made and allowed to the Title to Admission and lnrc!« 4 mert as Attornies, by virtue and under the said Act of Parliament, of Persons in respect of their having served a 4 Oerkship of Five Years to some of the Clerks to the King's Coroner and Attorney of the Court ot Kinj'a 4 Bench, and having afterwards been admitted to praftiie as Clerks of the said Coroner and Attorney: And Whereas it is exptdi-nt that Persons having served a Clerkship of Five Years to some of the Clerks of the King's Coroner and Attorney of the Court of King's Bench, and having been afterwards admitted to practise as Clerks of the fan! C >roner and Attorney, should, in respect thereof, be entitled to be admitted and inrolled Attornies: Be it there tore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, arid Commons, in this prrfent Parliament assembled, and by the Authouty of the lame, That the said Clerks of the said Coroner and Attorney of the Court of King's Bxnch who have been regularly admitted, or who hereafter may be regularly admitted as such Clerks, shall and may be approved, sworn, and admitted to practise, and may practise as Attornies in the said Court of King's B.nch, andmavailo practise in any other or the Courts of Record in the said recited Act mtnttoned, in the Name, and with the CorTnt of some fwern Attorney of such Court, such Content to be in Writing, and signed by such Attorney as a fore fi id, in like Manner as the Attornies of such Court, or the Attornies or Clerks of the Offices of the Ki u,8 Remembrancer. Treaftirtr'n Remembrancer, Pipe or Office ot Pleas, in the Court of Exchequer at I'/rstminster are, in and by the said Act empowered to do.

11. And be it further emitted. That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by ali Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

e

A.D. 1809.

C. 29 — 32.

1

49° GEORGII III.

CAP. XXIX.

Act for the Appropriation of Twenty thousand Pounds out of the Consolidated Fund of Irclandy towards the Encouragement of the saving of FJax Seed for sowing in Ireland.

[28th April 1809.]

Irish Treasury empowered to pay to the Trustees of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures 20 coo/, out of Irish Consolidated Fund. § I. To be applied in Bounties for the Encouragement of laving of Fjax Seed, the Growth of the present Year, under Regulations to be made by the Trustees*. §2. Bounties shall be* paid on Seed in Possession of the Growers (their Executors, &c.) on 1st January 1810: which shall he 41 certified to be found. §3. Application of the Bounty shall be accounted for before Commissioners of Imprell 11 Accounts. £4. Penalty of Perjury on Persons taking false Oath. §5. Act may be altered or repealed 4* this Session. §6.

CAP. XXX.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten* certain Acts for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland, and for warehousing in Ireland, Rum or Spirits of the BritiJJj Sugar Plantations.

[28th April 1809.]

u 47 G. 3.^. I. c. 19. (continued by 4S G. 3. c. 17.) further continued till March 25, 18jo, except as to warehousing British Plantation Sugar. §1.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the ppfling of this Act all British Plantation Sugar which before the passing of this Act. or at any Time after the puffing thereof, fhdl have been or shall be warehoused in Irclandy shall be subject and liable to the Rules, Rt gulations, and Provisior.s. contained in an Act mndc in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to permit certain Goods imported into Ireland to be warehottfed or secured without the Duties due on the Importation thereof being frfl paid.

III. And be it further enacted, That an Act made in the Forty first Year of His present M?pfty's Reign. intituled, An Act to empower the Importers or Proprietors of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations to land the fame in Ireland, before Payment of the Duties of Excfe charged thereon, and to lodge the fame in ll'arehouses at their own Expencty until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, and which, by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, was continued until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight huudtrd and nine, shall be and the fame is hereby further continued until the Twenty filth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten: Provided always, that Rum and Spiiits lodged in any warehouse under the said iccited Ad of the Forty-first Year aforesaid, shall be permitted to remain therein for ary Time not exceeding F'frtcn Calendar Months, from the Time when the fame shall have been or shall be first Warehoused, and shall rot be so<d by the Commissioners of Customs at any Time before the Expiration of such Fifteen Calendar Months, any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

#< Act may be altered or repealed this Session. §4.

Sucrar fhcJl be w^ithoulrd in Ireland un.lcsr hi'iM'.lath'iis of 4 b C«.; j. c. .J'2.

41 G. 3. (I\K.) c. '>4. aontinued by 4S Geo. 3. c. 17.} further continued till March 25, lb 10.

Spirits warehous'd under recited \fx may remain in \\ are-house filtccu Montlu,

CAP. XXXI.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, an Act of the Forty-first Year of His present Majesty, for prohibiting the Exportation from Irclandy and for permitting the Importation into Irclandy Duty free, of Corn and other Provisions.

[28th April 1809.]

11 So much of 41 G. 3. (U.K.) c. 36. (last continued by 48 G, 3 c. 27.) as enables the Lord Lieutenant to prohibit the Exportation to and Importation from Ireland of Coin and Provisiuns, further continued to M March 25, 1810, except so far as respects the Exportation of Corn, Grain, or Flour to Great Britain.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for continuing and making perpetual several Duties of One Shilling and Sixpence, repealed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, on Offices and Employments of Profit, and on Annuities,

Pensions, and Stipends, and thereby granted for One Year to the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine.

[28th April 1809.]

WHEREAS certain Rates and Duties were granted to His M.j-fty for One Year, from the Twenty-

V\ fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, by an Act p; (Ted in the iall S flion of

Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco end Snvff in 4fiG. 8. c. 2.

Great Britain, and on Pensions and Offices in England, and f.r repealing so much tf certain Acts as relate fountain $ ib.

Duties of Sixpence and One Shilling reflectively* on Offices and Persons, and for re granting the said Duties rf Sixpence and One Shilling r effectively, and the said other Duties for the Service of the Year One thousand e>ght Lutuind

and eighty and it is expedient to continue the same to His Majesty, His lieir$ and Succ hors for ever M .y it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Ivng's most Excellent M.*jetly,

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, ard Common?, in this present P^r- After M^rrh 2 5, liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of March Onr 1 bon, theu th-ll thousand eight hundred and nine, there shall be a ft e fled, raised, levied and paid ur.to and for the Tie o His ^'1'.

Majesty, His Heirs and Sucec flora, upon all Annuities, l'cafions, Stipends and other Payments, Salaries. Hes,

Wag-8, '

r

696

the Duties set forth in tli« Schedala.

lender the Com-nuilioners for Taxe*.

Duties flitll he Dvu*d under ii emulations of the following Acts, viz.

4a G. 3. c. 90-4J G. 3. c. iso.

43 G. Q.e. 5.

45 G. 3. c. 9*.

G.tkc. es.

49 V 3. <S J4Jt

C omm I flioners,

Jutpeftors &c.

for executing 40 G. J. C. O.S. Ai iil put this Act jjd Execution.

This Act shall be ronftrued as if the Duties for Lifted iti the N hixiule were pranteti by 4( G. 3. r. f»5. and the I'ro-viHons contaiucd in 13 and 4 'i Cl. 3. fhfd! he applied in h\e. C'U-ciu ot ttuS Act, £hc.

T.rrept to Al'. 1w: n ices ou Incomes.

l>ori > n.; dl he. tarrir 1 to the Confulidaui VumA.

C. 32. 4.9" GEORGII III. A.D. 1809.

Wages, and Perquisites, a* set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed, the federal Rates and Duties respectivelf r

inserted and contained therein; which Schedule, and the Rates and Duties therein lefueftively contained and B

the Rules and Exemptions therein respectively mentioned shall be deemed and construed a Part of this Act, as if

the same were severally and respectively incorporated therewith, and under a special Enactment: and the Duties,

hereby granted and contained in the said Schedule when pai: ?, cftlefted or deducted, shall be under the Care and Manaeetntnt of the Commissioners for the AiTairs of Taxes for the Time being, appointed or to be appointed by His Majesty, His Heirs, or Succt (Tors.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Rates and Duties shall be aflVffed, raised, levied, paid and 1

accounted for under the Provisions and Regulations of the several Acts herein after mentioned, videlicet; One Act passed in the Forty-third Year of the Rei«rn of I li 3 present Majesty, intituled, yin AG for confdrLtin^ certain of the Provisions contained in any Act or Acts relating to the Duties under the Management of the Comm fjiotiers for tl>t

A fairs of Tixes % and for amending the Jam; One other Act passed in the same Year of the Reign of His prefrnt

Mii jesty, intituled, An Act for coif did a ting certain of the Provisions contained in any Act or Acts relating to the Duties

under the Management of the CommfHosiers for the Affairs of Taxes, and for amending the said Arts j'u far as the fame

relate to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; Two other Acts passed in the Forty-fifth Year of the

of His present Majesty, One thereof intituled, An Act for explaining and amending an Act made in the Forty'third

Year of His present Majesty for consolidating certain of the Provisions contained in any Act or Acts relating to the Putin 1

under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of '/axes, and fur amending the same, f> Jar as relates to

the Power of ad big as Commi/foners in certain D fir ids; and the other thereof, intituled, An Act to amend ft ]

much of an Act of the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, fr corfulidating certain of the Provfiers of the Acts relating to the Duties in Scotland, under the Management of the Commissioners j'or the Affairs of Fares as relates to 1

the Appointment of Ajfjjors and Sub-Collectors, and the Hutices required to be delivered to Perth n r off fed to the said '

Duties; and One other Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His said present M jtliy, intituled.

An Act for granting to IDs Majesty during the present War and until the Sixth Day of April next after the RaUficolm of a Definitive Treaty of Peace further additional Rates and Duties in Great Britain, on the Rates and Duties on Profts arising from Property y Profffionsy Trades and Offices y and for repealing an /Id pa fed in the Forty-fifth Tent of His present Majfy for repealing certain Parts of an Act made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty for granting a Contribution on the Profits a: ifag from Property, P ruff on s^ Trades and f'fiscs, and to confduhte and render more effectual the Provisons for collecting tic said Duties; ani one other Act plied in the Forty-tighth Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Duties r.f Afdfed Taxes, and of the Tax upon the Profts of Property, Prrfffions, Trades and Offices, and to regulate the Ajfffment and Collection of the same.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Persons who now are, or for the Time being shall be Commissioners for putting in execution the said Act passed in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in relation to the Duties granted by the said Act, on the Profits arising from Offices or Employment of Profit, and upon Pensions or Stipends rtfptftively, Hull be Commissioners for putting in execution this Act and the Powers herein referred to or contained, in the several Departments or Didrifts throughout the said respective Parts of Great Britain; and the ievtral Inspectors-General, Infptftcr9, and Surveyors rciocctively, and the ftvtral Clerks, Afitl Fors and Colteftors respectively appointed or to be appointed, to nut in txecirrcn the several Acts beforementioned, Hull be Infptftors-Generst, Inspectors, Surveyors, Clerke, Afteflori and Collectors to put in execution this Act within the Liuvts ol their respective Departments and Districts to which they ate or shall be respectivfty appointed, and the said Commissioners, Inspectors-General, Inspectors, Surveyors,

AfTcf Fors and Collectors respectively, are hereby empowered and required to do all Things necdVary for putting this Act in execution with relation to the said Rates and Duties hereby granted, in the like, and in as full and ample a Manner as they or any of them are or is, or shall be authorized to put in execution the said last mentioned Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be conftrned in such Manner, and to the like ElFeft in all Rftpcft^ as if the Rotes and Duties granted and mentioned in the Schedule hereto annexed were cont3i ed in and granted by the said Act of the So.ty-sixth Year of His present Mijtlly; and in the Execution of this Act all and every the Provdions contained in the said several Acts passed in the Forty-third and Forty-eighth Years of His prt Put Majesty, shall be uf?d and applied in like Manner, and to the like Effect a9 the fame Provisions may be tiled or arolied in the Execution of the said Act passed in the Forty-sixth Year aforesaid, but subject ncvdthelcfi to the several Rules and Exemptions in the Schedule to this Act contained; and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rule<», Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Thirds .contained in the said last mentioned Act, except where other Provisions are made in this Act, or in the Schedule thereto annexed, shall fevera.lv and respectively in the Execution of this Act be duly observed, practised, an4 put in ex cation throughout the respective Parts of Great Britain in the said several Acts mentioned, as fully and efFftna'ly to all Intents and Purposes a* if the fame Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Directions,

Penalties, Fotfei'tires, Clauses, Matters, and Things were particularly and respectively repeated and te enacted in t* e Body of tins Act, and shall severally, except as aforesaid, and also except as herein after is orovided, be app i-d, confirued. deemed and tAeu to belong to this Act in like Manner as if the fame had been enacted therein, and exprtfdy applied to the Duties hereby granted: Provided always, that the Allowances to be granted fr >m or out of the AfF Aments to be made by virtue of the said Act passed in the Forty-sixth Year of His prrf-nt M.'jedy to Persons in respect of their Incomes, shall not be made, allowed or granted out of the Dulici to be aff' lh d by virtue of this Act.

V. And be it further er.afttd, That the Monies arifin? from the Rates and Duties of One Shillhtrand Sixpence in the Pound r- fptftively impefedon the several Matters and Things contained in the said Schedule, (: ne

neatlary

A.D. 1809. 49° GEORGII III. C. 32. 697

necessary Charges for raising and accounting for the fame excepted), shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, separate and apart from each other, and from all other Rates and Duties, and shall be carried to, and made Part of the Consolidated Fuad of Great Britain*

41 Act may be altered or repealed this SelBon. §6.

The SCHEDULE referred to by the Act of the Forty-ninth Year of His present Majesty^ Reign*

No. I.

For every Twenty Shillings of the Yearly Value or Amount of all Salaries, Fees and Per-quilites incident to, or received for or in respect of all Offices and Employments of Profit in Great Britain, granted by or derived from the Crown, exceeding the Value of One hundred Pounds per Annum, which have been heretofore rated or afT- ffrd by virtue of any Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, and which since the Act for the Redemption of such Part thereof as wan charged on Lards, Tenements or Hereditaments, have been rated or afieifed to the Tax on Offices or Employments of Profit, by virtue of any Act or Acts for continuing the said iaft mentioned Tax for One Year, and fresh Year to Year, over and above all other Duties already charged or payable, the Sum of--- One Shilling.

For every Twenty Shillings of all Pensions and other Gratuities payable out of any Revenue belonging to His Majesty in Great Britain exceeding the Annual Value of One hundred Pounds per Annum, over and above*all other Duties already charged or payable, the Sum of - One Shilling.

No. II.

For and upon(*) all Salaries, Fees, and Wages, payable for or in respect of Offices of Profit granted by or derived from the Crown, which have heretofore been rated or assessed in Manner aforesaid, and for and upon all Pensions and Annuities charged upon the Revenue of Great Britain, over and above all other Duties already charged or payable, the Sum of Sixpence.

Every 20s. of the yearly Fahm or Amount of (49 G. 3. 110.)

EXEMPTIONS to the several Duties, as set forth in the Schedules No. I. and II. before mentioned.

Any of the Royal Family.

Any Person on the Staff of His Majesty's Army; any Commissioned or Non commissioned Officer or Private in the Army, Artillery, Marines, or Corps of Engineers, or in the Militia or Volunteers, or in the Navy.

Any PenGon or Gratuity which His Majesty's Royal PredeccfTors, or His Majesty shall have been, or His said Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, shall be, pleased to declare in the Warrant, Order, or other Instrument, directing Payment thereof to be intended as Charitable Donations.

Any Office or Employment in any of the Universities in Great Britain.

In every Case when any Salary, Wages, Fees, Perquisites, Gratuities, or other Payments payable in respect of any Office or Employment of Profit, or any Annuity, Pension, Stipend, or other Payment, shall have been specially exempted from the Payment of Aids and Taxed by any Act of Parliament.

In every Case, where any Salary, Stipend, or other Payment of, or in resptd of any Office or Employment, or any Proportion of such Salary, Stipend, or other Payment which shall be payable to any Person in respect of his having held any Office or Employment, or upon his Superannuation from such Office or Employment, shall have been or shall be directed to be paid net or without Dcdudkion, by any Order of His Majesty in Council, or by any Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual, or by any any Order of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury.

In every Case where the Charge or Charges of One Shilling and of Sixpence respectively, or of either of them, or any Salary, Stipend, or other Payment aforesaid, shall have been directed to be repaid or re-imbursed to the Party charged with the said Duty of One Shilling and Sixpence respectively out of the Publick Revenue, or out of the Contingent or Fee Fund or Incidents of any Department of Office by like Order of His Majesty in Council, or by a^y Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual, or by Order of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury.

Provided alwayp, that the Authority for the Payment net or without Deduction of any Salary, Stipend, or other Payment aforesaid, and the Authority for the Re-payment out of the Publick Revenue, or out of the Contingent or Fee Fund or Incidents of any Department of Office of any Charge made on any Salary, Stipend, or other Payment aforesaid, shall be respectively certified by forae principal Officer in the Department to which such Office or Employment belongs, or such Payment is made, to be (q paid net or without Deduction, or to be repaid out of the said Revenue.

RULES for charging the said several and respective Duties contained in No. I. and II.

or either of them.

The said Duties shall extend to and be charged upon all Payments whatsoever made or to be made to any Person who shall have been superannuated, or shall have retired from any Office or Employment chargeable under this Act, in like Manner and to the like Extent as such Payments would have been chargeable if such Person had 49 Geo. III. 4 X continued

69S 32, 33, 34. 49° GEORGII III. A.D. 1809.

continued to hold such Office or Employment, except such Offices or Employments of Profit as are exprefiiy exempte d therefrom by this Act.

The fa»d Dun-s shall extend to alt Payments out of any Contingent Fund or Fee Fund, or Incidents of say D-oarrmun of Office, in hke Manner as to any Payment out of the Publick Money, except as aforesaid.

The Profits of every such Office or Employment hereby chargeable with the said Duty of One Shilling upon the Salaries, Fus, and Perquisites thereof, and the Profits of every such Office or Employment of Profit hereby chargeable with the said Duty of Sixpence, upon the Salary, Fees, and Wages thereof, shall severally and rtfpcftivciy be computed, raised, levfad ard paid according to the Annual Value at which such Profits respectively (land valued and rated in the last AfLflment to the said Tax on Offices and Employments of Profit by such Annual Act as aforesaid.

Ah OiFrcs and Employments of Profit exceeding the Value of One hundred Pounds per Annum, and hereby charged with the said Duty of One Shilling, for every Twenty Shillings thereof, {had also be further chargeable with the said Duty of S'xpence for every Twenty Shillings thereof, according to the Protifioni o this Act respecting the said Duty of Sixpenct, and all Offices and Employments of Profit exceeding the said Annual Value, and hereby charged with the said Duty of Sixpence, shall also b? further chargeable with tlit said Duty of One Shilling according to the Provisions of this Act respecting the said Duty of One Shillir gv and the Charge or Payment of either of the said Duties in rtfptft of such Office or Employment of Profit is Jail aforesaid, shall not be conflrutd to exonerate any Person from the Charge or Payment of the other of them.

During the Prohibition of Piftilltttion from Com, there shall be levied, on Spirits dilVillrd from Su^ar, 2s. lo|d. briiifh per Gallon, in lieu of 5s. 1 l^-d. under 48 G. a. c. 78. and a Drawback of 5s. Sd. per Gallon shall be allowed on Exportation.

Charge on

Disttliers 184 Gallons of Spirit* for every 100 Gallons of Sugar Walk.

Governor of

Malta, ftc. may make Registry of Vefirls condemned there as Prize, and grant Certificates thereof under such Regulations aa Governors refuting in any Colony, &c. may do by

16 G. 3. c. 60.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act to grant an Excise Duty on Spirits made or distilled from Sugar in Ireland, during the Prohibition of Distillation from Corn or Grain there, in lieu of the Excise Duty now chargeable thereon, and to allow a Drawback on the Export thereof to Foreign Parts.

[28th April 1809.]

WHEREAS the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain in Ireland is prohibited by Liw for a limited Time j' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, during the Time in which the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain in Ireland shall be so prohibited, there shall be raised, levied, colic died, paid, and satisfied unto, and to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for and upon every Gallon of Aqua Vi se, Strong Waters, or Spirit!, which at any Time or Times during such Prohibition shall be made or distilled in Ireland from Sugar, by any Person or Persons whatsoever, or for which any Distiller shall be chargeable by Law, the Sum of Two Shillicgi and Ten-pence Half-penny British Currency and no more, in lieu of the Excise Duty of Five Shillings ard Eleven-pence Half-penny British Currency, granted on such Spirits by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to grant to His Majesty Duties upon Malt made in Ireland, and upon Spirits made or di/liiled in Ireland, and to allow certain Drawbacks on the Exportation thereof; and that for evrry Gallon of such Spirits which shall have been dillilled during such Prohibition as aforesaid, and which shall be exported from Ireland, to any Place except to Great Britain, and which shall not be exported from Warehousein Ireland, there shall be allowed and paid a Drawback of Five Shillings and Eight-pence, and no more.

u Duty and Drawback shall be levied and paid in Manner prescribed by recited Act. §2.

III. And be it further enacted, That in lieu and instead of any Charge on any Decrease of Wash produced from Sugar under any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland at the Time of the passing of this Act, the Officer of Excise keeping an Account of Wash in the Dilliilery of any Distiller in Ireland shall, on any Decrease of Wash produced from Sugar, charge the Distil'er for a Quantity of Spirits calculated after the Rate of Eighteen Gallons and a Half of Spirits for every One hundred Gallons of Wash so decretfed, and so in proportion for any greater or lefa Quantity of Wash.

11 Act may be altered or repealed this Session. §4.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act to permit the Registry at Malta of Ships taken as Prize.

[28th April 1809.]

WHEREAS it is expedient, during such Time as the Ifhnd of Malta shall remain under tht British Government, to permit the Registry in the said Island ot Ships and Vessels which are condemned there

as lawful Prize, and to extend to Ships and VtflVls so rtgiftered the fame Privileges and Advantages as are granted to Prize Ships and Vessels registered in Great Britain* Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Governor, Lieutenant-Governor, or Commander in Chief, or the Commissioners exercising the Civil Power in the said Island, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required, on Application being madt to them or either of them for that Purpose, to make Registry of any such Ship or Vessel, and to grant a Certificate of such Registry, in the same Manner and under the same Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as the Governor, Lieutenant-Governor, or Commander in Chief, residing in any Colony, Plantation, Island, or Territory, belonging to His Majesty, in Asia, Africa, or America, are by an Act of the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Increase of Slipping and Navigation, authorized to make Registry of the Ships and Vessels therein mentioned, and to grant Certificate of such Registry.

J II. And

A.D. 1809. 49° GEORGII III. C. 34, 35. 699

II. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers and Authorities in relation to any Acts, Matter*, or Things that may be done by the Governor, Lieutenant-Governor, or Commander in Chief, in any such Colony, Plantation, IGand, or Territory, under and in pursuance of the said recited Act, shall and may be done and put in Execution, and shall extend to the Governor, LTutensnt Governor, and Commander in Chief, and the Commissioner exercising the Ctvil Power in the said Iflind of Malta; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine, or Forfeiture, for any Offence whatever committed agninfi or in breach of the said recited Acts, and cve*y oth^r Clause, Matter, and Thing, therein contained, as to the Rtgiliryof Ships and VefleU, shall, so far as the same are applicable, extend and bedetmed, construed, and taken to extend to Ships and VtflVls regifttred under and in pursuance of this Act, in as fuil and ample a Mantter, to ali Intents and Purposes, as if the said Powers and Authorities, Pams, Penalties, Fines, Forfeitures, Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were repeated and rr-enacted in this Act, and were made Part thereof.

III. And be it further rnafted, That any such Ship or Vrffd so condemned as lawful Prize, and rgilered as aforesaid, being owned and navigated according to Law, shall be entitled to the Privileges and Advantages of a Prize Ship or Vessel in like Manner, as if condemned ai d registered in Great Britain, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

IV. And be it further enacted, That any such Ship or Vessel so condemned as lawful Pr'ze and regiGered as aforesaid, being owned wholly or in Part by any Person or Persons not being British>born Subjects, but beirg Natives of and Residents in the said island, and being navigated by a MaGer and Three-fourths i f.the Mariners cither British Subjects or Natives of the Lid island, shall, during the Time that the said island shall remain under the British Government, and for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months after and no longer, be entitled to the Privileges and Advantages of a Prize Ship or Vessel, in like Manner as if con iemned and regiGered in Great Britain, so far as respects the direct Trade between the said Islands of Great Britain znd to and from the said IGand and any Place within the Streights, and in no other Trade whatsoever, any Thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding ! Provided always, that in tvery Certificate of Registry which shall be granted by virtue of this Act, an Infcrtion shall be made in the Front thereof, Gating whether the Stvp or Vessel so registered is owned wholly or in part by Persons who are Natives of and resident in the said IGand of Malta, or otherwise.

V. And be it further enacted, That the proper Officer or Officers by whom Certificates of Registry shall have been granted by virtue of and in pursuance of this Act, shall forthwith, or within One Month at the furthest, transmit to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Custome in London, a true and exact Copy of every Certificate of Registry, with the Number thereof, which (bail have been (0 granted.

CAP. XXXV.

Power of such

(joviMtiors extended to fj.n o. nor of Malm, Ac,

Such fte^irtrt as.

ralid as if made in Great Britain

Ships so

rmifteted, owned by Native* of Malta, may be

navigated M

British Pri/.e Ships to Great Britain, &c. while Malta is undor British Government.

Copie* of Certificates of Regillry shall be transmitted to Board of Customs in London.

An Act for the more convenient Payment of Pensions to Widows of Officers of the Navy.

[28th April 1809.]

WHEREAS His late M?jtfty King George the Second was graciously pleased, by Commission under the Privy Seal, bearing Date the Thirtieth Day of August in the Sixth Year of His Reign, to confiitute and appoint certain Persons, acd their Successors, to be Commissioners or Governors of the Charity for the Relict of Poor Widows of Commission and Warrant Officers of the Royal Navy: And whereas it would greatly tend to the Comfort and Accommodation of the Widows of Commission and Warrant Officers of the Royal Navy, entitled to Pensions from the said Commissioners or Governors, if such Pensions were paid to the respective Widows entitled thereto, in the Parishes or Places of their Residence, or as near thereto as may be:

May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and nine, it dial) be lawful for the Court of Assistants of the said Charity, to order and direct that all such Pensions shall be paid to the Widows entitled thereto, at or near to the Parishes or Places of their Rtfidecce, in any Part of His Majesty's Dominions, or in Foreign Parts, by any Persons appointed by them to pay the same.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Court of Afllllants to make such Orders, Rules, and Regulations, and from Time to Time to alter the fame in relation to the Payment of any such Pensions to any such Persons so entitled thereto as aforesaid; and also as to any Certificate?, Vouchers, Receipts, or Orders for the better regulating, managing, and making such Payment*, and to ri quire such Proofs and Affidavits relating thereto, 38 may be requisite for the ordering and securing the Payment of such Pensions: Provided always, that every such Order or Regulation may, from Time to Time, be revoked or altered by any Warrant, Order, or Instruction under His Majesty's Royal S*gn Manual.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and nine, if any Widow who shall be entitled to receive any such Pension, shall be desirous to receive the same from any Receiver. General of the Land Tax in Great Britain, Collector of the Cnltoms at any Port in Great Britain or Ireland. Collector of the Excise for any Colicftion in Great Britain or Ireland, or Clerk of the Checque at any Dock Yard in Great Britain near to the Place of her Residence, it shall be in the Power of such Widow so entitled to apply before the Time of issuing such Pensions by Letter to the Secretary to the Court of Affi&ant* at the Admiralty Office, to have such rension paid by such Receiver-General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or C»erk of the Chccque; and shall, at the same Time, transmit such Vouchers and Documents as shall be required by the said Court of Assisi ants.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Court of Assistants on being satisfied of the Justice of the faitj Claims, shall order and direct the said Paymaster to make out, or cause to be made out, Two Remittance Bills

4X2 for

Court of Assistant* of tht Charity for the Relief of Widow* of Officers of th# Nsvv, may direct the IPenfioM to be paid such Widow* st the Pisces of their Residence, &c.

Court of Aftiftsnts may mate such Regulations ss to the Payment of such Pensions as they think proper, &c.

Widow* may apply to havt their Pensions paid by the Receiver General of the I and Tax, or the Collector of the Customs, or Excise, &c.

Court of AffifUau may

700

order tijc TV iriafter to nr>t»kc out T'vo Duplicate Remittance Bills, payable to such Widows by the Receiver General, &c.

Food of BilU.

One Duplicate shall he sent to the Widow and the other to the Receiver-General, See. who shall, on the Widow's producing the Duplicate, pay Iter the Stun contained therein, &c.

Receiver General, &c. shall intlorfe on the Duplicate the Date of its being tendered, in case he haa not Publick Monies in Ins Hands to pay the Bill, &c. and appoint a Day of Payment within a Month,

Penalty on lVrfons delaying Payment unne-ceflanlr, &c.

On Certificate of Infirmity being produced, the Receiver Gtowal, &c.

C. 35. 49° GEORGII III. A.D. 1809.

for the Pension due to such Widow, which said Bills shall be Duplicates of each other, and shall he joined toother by oblique Lines, Fiouri/hes, or Devices, and shall be made payable to such Widow by the Receiver-General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Chccque, to whom the said Renr.ttance Bills shall be aldressed; and such Remittance Bills, being numbered and dated, shall be signed by the said Pay mailer, who shall cause such Remittance Bills to be prepared, and Accounts thereof to be kept i and such Remittance Bills, being written or printed, shall be according to the TeDor and Farm following, or to the like Effcdl:

No. I. Day of

Sir,

pAY to A.B. of cn her producing and delivering the Duplicate hereof, the

Sum of being for the Pension payable to the said A.B. as a Widow of the Case may he'], on the Day of last, if the fame be demanded aitlvn

Six Calendar Months from the Date hereof; otherwise you are to return this Bill to the Paymaster of Pensions 1 to Sea Officer^ Widows at his Office.

C.D. PayraaLr,

4 To the Receiver General of the Land Tax for the County of

4 To the Collector of the Customs at the Port of To the Collector of Excise at To the Clerk of the Chccque at

4 By virtue of the Act 49 Geo. III.'

4 N.B. The forging of this Remittance Bill, or procuring any other Person to forge the fame,

4 in order to receive any Part of the Monies hereby payable, is made Felony by the Act 49 Geo. III.

And so soon as the said Bills are made out and signed, the Paymaster, or Person to be appointed by the Bid Paymaster, shall cut or cause them to be cut asunder, through the oblique Lines, Fiourishes, or Devices; and shall cause one D iplicate to be transmitted to the Widow named therein, to whom the Money shall be made payable, and the other Duplicate to be transmitted to the Receiver-General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Checque, to whom the same shall be addressed; and if the Duplicate of such Bill shall be produced by the Widow, to whom the same shall be made payable, to such Receiver-General of the Land Tax, Culle&or of the Customs, Culle&or of the Excise, or Clerk of the Checque, to whom the same shall be addressed, within S; x Calendar Months from the Date thereof, he shall carctuily examine the fame with the Duplicate transmitteJ to him as aforesaid, and bring satisfied of the Authenticity thereof, and of the Identity of the Widow producing the same to him, he shall immediately pay the Sum mentioned therein to such Widow, without Fee, or Reward, or Deductton, on any Pretence whatever, taking a Receipt for such Payment on the Back of the Bill; which Bill, and the Duplicate thereof, being transrutted by the Person who shall pav the same to the said Paymaster, shall be immediately repaid to him by such R ceiver-General, Collector of the Customs Colhtftor of the Excise, or Clerk of the Checque, or his Order; but in case the Duplicate of such Bill shall not be so produced, and Payment thereof demanded within Six Calendar Manths from the Date thereof, then the said Receiver-General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Cutloms, Collector of the Excise, or CLrk of the Checque, shall return the Duplicate thereof in his Hands to the said Paym-ller at his Office in London, who shall eaule the same to be canceled; and thereupon the Sum contained tn such Bill shall become payable to the Widow in whose Favour it was drawn, or to her lawful Reprtfcntatives, in calc of her Death, in the same Manner as if such Bill had never been issued.

V. Providtd always, and be it further enacted, That if any Receiver-General of the Land Tax, C>!u<stor

of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Checque, to whom the Duplicate of ar.y such B il shall be tendered for Payment, shall not have in his Hands Publick Monies sufficient to answer the fame, and shall for that Reason refuse or delay the immediate Payment thereof, such Receiver-General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Chccque, shall immediately indorse on the said Duplicate the Date of its being so tendered to him, and the Cmfe of his Refusal or Delay to pnv the lame; and shall appoint therein for the Payment of the fame feme future Dav. within the Soace of One Month at the farthest from its being so first tendered to him as aforesaid; and such Duplicate, with the Indorsement thereon, shall be immediatdv delivered back to the Person prtfenung the fame; and if upon Complaint made to the respective Commtffiapers appointed, or to be appointed, to manage the said several Duties of Land Tax, Customs, or Excise, or to the Commissioners of the Navy if the Person complained of be a Clerk of the Checque, it shall appear that such Receiver-General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Checque, hath unneceffanly or wilfully refused or delayed the Payment of such Bill, or directly or indirectly, by himtelf or any Person under him, received or taken any Fee, Reward, Gratuity, Discount, or Deduction whatsoever, on account of the Payment of the fame, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Three or more of the said Commissioners to conviA and fine the Person under their Direction so offending, in any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, according to the Nature and Degree of the Offence; and such Fine shall be levied ind recovered in such and the fame Marnier, to all Intents and Purposes, as any Penalty or Fine may be levied and recovered for any Offence against the Laws of Customs or Excise; and the said Fine, when recovered, shall be paid to the Informer or Informers.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if such Widow to whom the Remittance Bill shall be made payable, shall be prevented and disabled by bodily Infirmity from appearing in Person before the said Receiver-Gen.-rai of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Chccque, and such bodily

Infirmity

A.D. 1809. 49° GEORGII III. ^'35)3*

Infirmity being properly and satisfactorily certified by the Minister, and a Churchwarden or Elder of the Parish where such Widow shall reside, or by the Physician, Surgeon, or Apothecary attending her, then and in such Case the Sum contained in such Bill* shall be paid to the Order in Writing'of such Widow, upon producing and giving up to such Receiver*General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Checque, such Certificate of bodily Infirmity as aforesaid, together with a Dupiicate of the said Bill, and a proper Receipt on the Back of the fame, signed by the Widow in whose Favour the Bill shall have been drawn payable, and witneHed by the Person who shall receive the Money.

Vi I. And be it further enacted, That all Assignments, Bargains, Sales, Orders, Contracts, Agreements, or Securities whatsoever which shall be given or made by any Widow entitled to any such Peofion, shall be absolutely null and void, to all Intents and Purposes.

VIII. And be it enacted, That all Letters and Packets sent by the said Paymaster shall, from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and nine, be sent free from the Duty of Postage; and all Letters and Packets relating to the Execution of this Act, that shall be forwarded by such Paymaster, shall be under Covers with the Words Pursuant to Act of Parliament Forty-ninth Geo. III.* printed upon the fame; and the said Paymaster shall write his name under the Words so printed; and he is hereby strictly prohibited and discharged from inclosing or fending under such Covers any Writing, Paper, or Parcel whatever, excepting such as relate to the Execution of this Act; and if he shall fend or convey under the Covers aforesaid any Writing, Paper, or Parcel, other than those relating to the Execution of this Act, he (had, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and such Fine shall be levied and recovered in such and the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as any Conviction may be made, and any Penalty or Fine levied or recovered, for any Offence against any Law by which any Duty of Customs or Excise is imposed or laid; and the said Fine, when recovered, shall be paid to the Informer or Informers against such Offender or Offenders.

IX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and nine, if any Person shall wilfully and knowingly personatr, or falsely assume the Name or Character of, or procure any other Person to personatc or falsely to aflame the Name or Character of any Widow entitled, or suppufrd to be entitled to any such Pension aforesaid, in order to receive the same, or any Part thereof, every such Person so offending, and being lawfully convicted thereof, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and may be transported for such Period, not exceeding Fourteen Years, as the Court shall adjudge.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall knowingly and wilfully forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly or wilfully ad or assist in forging or counterfeiting, the Name or Hand-writing of any Widow entitled to any such Pension, or if any Person or Persons required by any Rules or Regulations made under and by virtue of this Act to iign any Remittance Bill, Certificate, Voucher, or Receipt, in relation to the Payment of any such Pension, for and in order to the receiving or obtaining any Money on any such Pension, or shall utter as true any false, forged, or counterfeited Remittance Bill, Certificate, Voucher, or Receipt, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited, with an Intention to defraud any Person whatsoever, every such Person so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be and is hereby declared and adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and may be transported for such Period, not exceeding Fourteen Years, as the said Court shall adjudge.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all Orders, Certificates, Vouchers, Remittance Bills, and Receipts, for or relating to any such Pensions, shall be free from all Duties of Stamps, and be good, valid, and effectual, although the same shall cot have been stamped; any Thing in any ad contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act to amend an Act made in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for amending and

rendering more effectual an Act of the Parliament of Ireland, for cicfting and establishing Publick

Infirmaries or Hospitals.

[28th April 1809.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty intituled, An Act for erecting and eflabUJbing Publish Infirmaries or Hospitals in this Kingdom, reciting that the Sums by the said Act of the Parliament of Ireland empowered to be raised had proved inefficient, it was enacted, That it should be lawful for the Grand Jury in etch and every County in Ireland to present to be raised on the County at large, a Sum not exceeding Five hundred Pounds in the Year, over and above and exclusive of the Sum which they were empowered to present by the said recited Act, to be paid and applied to the Support and Maintenance of the County Infirmary or Hospital in such Counties: And whereat Doubts have arisen whether the said recited Act of the Forty-fifth Year aforesaid, extends to Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns in Ireland* for the erecting and establiftung of Publick Infirmaries or Hospitals, wherein special Provision has been made by any Act or Acts in force in Ireland: For the obviating of such Doubts, be it enacted by the King's raoft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con lent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aff mbl d, aiH by Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act the said recited Act of the Forty-fi th Year, and the several Provisions therein contained, relating to presenting and raising any Sum not exceeding Five hundred Pounds in all Counties in Ireland, shall extend and be con ft rued to extend to all Counties of Cuies and Counties of Towns in Ireland, for the erecting, cltablishing, fiipporting, and maintaining of any Publick Infirmaries or Hospitals, wherein any special Provisions have been made by any Ad r Acts in force in Irelandf and a Sum not exceeding the Sum of Five hundred Pounds shall be accordingly presented and raised in such Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns, under the said recited Act of the Forty-fifth Year, and this Act.

701

authorized to pa/ the Contents of the Bill to the Order of the Widow.

Assignments of Pension to be void.

tatters and Packets sent by the Paymaster to he fret of Postage.

Punishment for personating Widows entitled to Pensions, Fourteen Years Transportation.

Punishment for

forcing Bills or Certificates, &c« Fourteen Year* Transportation.

Bills find Certificates, &C, exempted from Stamp Duties.

45 G. S e. ill. amending lnfh A&5<n.i}. c.ao.

Protiflon* of recited Act relating to raising any Sum not exceeding SOOL -in Counties, extended to Counties of Cities and Towns.

702

When there ere Two or more

InGrrnanpj in

nv 'uch County of a City, &c. the Money raised fraU be equally divided.

48 G. 3.C. Ul.

Deficiencies and Vacancies may be dire$ed to be supplied by Order of Secretary of State without His Majesty*a Warrant.

Volunteers allowed to enter whether any Order be given

for supplying Deficiencies or not, until Local Militia be ompleted.

C. 36 — 40. 49° GEORGII III. A.D. 1809.

II. Provided always and be it enacted, That whenever it shall happen that in any such County of a City or County of a Town in Ireland\ there shall be Two or more Infirmaries or Hospital entitled to the Beoefiti of the said recited Act of the Parliament of Ireland, for erecting and establishing Publick Infirmaries or Hospital, all and every such Sum of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, as shall be so presented and raised under and by virtue of the said recited Act of the Forty-fifth Year and this Act, shall be equally divided between and applied among such several Infirmaries or Hospital in such County of a City or County of a Town, and shall be paid over by the Treasurer of such County of a City or County of a Town to the several and respective Treasurers of the said respective Infirmaries or Hospital, in equal Shires and Proportions.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

[28 th April 1809.]

The Rates are the same as in 41 G. 3. (U.K.) c. 35. — Continuance of Act from 24 March 1808 to 14 2j March 1809.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for further continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eleven, an Act made in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland.

[28th April 1809.]

11 33 G* 3* c. 74. (lad. continued by 48 G. 3. c. 25)further continued to 25 July 181 x.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of such Lands and Hereditaments as have been purchased for better securing His Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores at Portsmouth, and for extending the Lines and Works at Dover; in pursuance of an Act made in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty.

[28th April 1809.]

u Recital of 46 G. 3. c. 105. whereby Premises were vested in Trusteea for the Use of the Ordnance Office. " 11, 525l. 15/ awarded as the Value of the Premises. The said Sum shall be paid out of the Supplies for 1809. §!. u Surveyor-General of the Ordnance shall make out Bills to the Persons entitled to the Money awarded as the 4< Value of Premises, &c. and Debentures shall be prepared thereupon. $ 2. Debentures shall be paid to the 41 Persons entitled thereto, j 3. When Money is awarded to be paid to Trusteea, the Debentures shall be paid " to the Deputy Remembrancer. 5 4. Who shall pay it into the Bank, j 5. Court of Exchequer shall have a Controul over the Application of such Money. §6. Powers of the Deputy of the King's Remembrancer r* shall devolve on his Successor. } 7. In case of Retufal to accept Debentures, the Clerk of the Ordnance shall deposit the fame with the Clerk of the Peace, and the Premises shall thereupon be vested to the Use of His Majesty. f 8. Limitation of Actions, Six Months. General Issue. Treble Costs. §9.

CAP. XL.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to establish a permanent Local Militia Force, under certain Restrictions for the Defence of the Realm.

[12th May 1809.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for enabling Hu Mqejlyt* establish a permanent Local Militia Force. under certain Rejlridtons for the Defence of the Realm; And Whereas it is expedient that the said Act should be amended and rendered more effectual, and that further Provision should be made for carrying into Execution the Purposes thereof; may it therefore pleaseYour Majesty that it may be enacted And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in every Case in which His Majesty shall by any Warrant under His Royal Sign Manual have ordered and directed, or shall hereafter order or dirtft, that the Local Militia of any County shall be ba lotted or enrolled under the said recited Act, it shall be lawful R^r His Majesty at any Time thereafter, by any Order of his Principal Secretary of State, to direct the supplying any Deficiencies or filling up of say Vacancies, or the balloting or enrolling Men in such County from Time to Time, without any further or other Warrant or Order of His Majesty for that Purpose, and notwithstanding any Suspension of Ballot for the regular Militia.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful at any Time before the Local Militia of ary County shall be completed to the full Amount of Six Times the Quota of the original Militia, and also at any Time thereafter when any Vacaociea shall arise in such Local Militia, whether any such Order or Direction shall by Warrant or otherwise have been made or given for the supplying the Deficiencies or Vacancies in such Local Militia or not, for any Persons (as well Members of Volunteer Corps as others, ) voluntarily to enrol themselves in the Local Militia of such County, according to the Provisions of the said recited Act and this Act, until the full Number of Men required by virtue of the said recited Act in such County shall be completed.

e

A.D. 1809. 49° GEORGII III. C. 40.

III. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon ai any Members of any Volunteer Corps shall have transferred themselves into the Local Militia of any County, or any Persons shall have voluntarily enrolled themselves in such Local Militia, all Vacancies or Deficiencies thereafter arising in the full Number of Persons who shall have been so enrolled in such Local Militia, by any such Persons enlisting or entering into Majesty's Army, Navy, or Marines, or engaging as Substitutes, or enlisting as Volunteers in the Regular Militia, or by Discharge, Absence, Defection, Death, or Expiration of Service, or Promotion of Private Men to be Serjeants and Corporals, or other*ife, shall be filled up without any Order or Direction of His Majesty, or His Principal Secretary of State for that Purpose, and notwithstanding any Suspension of Ballot for the Regular Militia, and notwithstanding the whole Number of such Local Militia shall, together with the Volunteers serving in and for the County, Division, or Parish, in which such Deficiencies may exist, or Vacancies shall have ariftn or may arise, be more than equal to Six Times the Amount of the Quota of Regular Militia of such County; any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. p,

ovided always and be it further enacted, That no such Deficiencies or Vacancies in any County in which the Number of Persons who have transferred themselves into the Local Militia, shall be more than equal to Six Times such Quota as aforesaid shall be supplied or required to be supplied until the Number of such Local Militia shall be reduced below the Proportion of Men required for such County.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person ballotted or enrolled to frrve or serving in the Local Militia to tnlift or enter into the Regular Militia under any Act of this Session of Parliament for completing the Militia, at any Time except during such Portion of the Period of being a fie m bled for the Purpose of annual Training and Exercise, as His Majesty shall by any Order made in that Behalf prescribe, and the Eniifting or Entry of every such Man shall be immediately certified by the Officer with whom such Man shall have rnlifted or entered, to the Officer commanding the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Local Militia from which such Man (InII have eulifted or entered; and all Vacancies arising by auy luck enlisting or entering as aforesaid, shall be supplied in such Manner as any other Vacancies in the Local Militia.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Offictror Non-commissioned Officer, or Corporal, <r Private Man of any of Hf3 Majesty's Forces or Marines, or of the Regular Militia, or Overseer, or Churchwarden of any Parish, or any other Person shall enltft or persuade to enlist any Man serving in any Regiment of the Local Militia during any such Part of the Period of such Regiment being assembled for Training or Exercise, as shall be prescribrd by His Majesty as the Period of Assembly, during which Persons serving in the Local Militia shall not enlist; on Pain of forfeiting, for every such Offence, the Sum of Twenty Pounds to be iecovertd as the like Penalty for enlisting a Militia Man may be recovered under any Act relating to the Militia.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Deficiencies and Vacancies which shall have arisen in the Local Militia, or which shall hereafter arise by reason of any Private Men being made Corporator Serjeants, or by realonof any enlisting into the Regular Mili ia under any Act of this Session of Parliament, shall be filled up and supplied according to the Provisions of the said recited Act and this Act and the several Acts relating to the Militia, as far asthe lame are applicable.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it frail be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants of any County, in any Case in which it shall appear to them to he needfary or proper, by region of any Quotas of Local Milit'a of any Divisions of any County, or of any Parishes of any Division, which shall have been fixed according to the original Quotas of the Regular Militia under the said Act of the Forty-second Year aforesaid, being found by any Returns now made or which may hereafter be made, not to be in proportion to the relative Numbers of Men liable to serve in the Local Militia in such respective Hundreds or Parishes, to make any new Apportionment andascertain and settle any Quotas of Local Militia as to any Divisions of any County, or as to any Parishes in any Division, either by any Alteration of the Proporions of any such Quotas of the Regular Militia under the Provisions of the said Act of the Forty- ftcord Year aforesaid. or by any new Apportionment a6 to inch Divisions, or as to the Parishes in zny Divisit n according to the relative Numbers of Men liable to serve in the Local Militia: Provided always, that all Quotas of Local Militia which shall hive been settled and ascertained for any Divisions, or for any Parifrua of any Division, shall remain and be deemed to be the proper Quotas of such Divisions and Parishes respectively, tinlrfs and until the Deputy-lieutenants shall deem it neerssary to alter and shall have altered the fame, and settled any new Quotas under the said Act of the said Forty-second Year aforesaid and this Act.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant and Deputy Lieutenants at any General Meeting, and they are hereby required to ascertain and fix by Ballot the Order in which the respective Subdivisions, Hundreds, and Parishes hi their respective Counties shall stand as to the supplying any Deficiencies or Vacancies that may cxilt or arise therein by reason of the Appointment of any Persons serving in the Local Militia of any such County to be Serjeants or Corporals, and shall, immediately after the same shall be so ascertained and fixed, cause such Subdivisions, Hundreds, and Parishes respectively, to be entered in such Order, in a List to be prepared for that Purpose; and such Vacancies shall be supplied by such Subdivisions, Hundreds, and Parishes, in the Order in which they shall have been entered in such Liit as aforesaid, and not by the Parishes to which the Men so promoted shall have served.

X. And be it further enacted, That in every Case in which the Number of Men enrolled in any Division, Hundred, or Parish of any County, shall be more than the relative Proportion of such Division, Hundred, «r Parish, it shall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants at any General or Subdivision Meetings for any County where any such Inequality shall arise, to ascertain and fix by Ballot or otherwise, in what Manner the Surplus of Numbers of Men so enrolled in any such Division, Hundred, or Parish, shall be applied and apportioned among the other Divisions, Hundreds, or Parishes of such County, and how and in what Proportions, and in what Order any future Deficiencies and Vacancies are to be filled up aQd supplied by such other Divisions, Hundreds, or Parishes as aforesaid.

2 XL Provided

7 °3

Vacancies shall be filled up noi-wirhltandiu<' the Number of IxhmI Militia and Volunteer* exceed Mx Times the Quota of the Regular Militia.

But ftirh Deficiencies shall not be supplied till the Number i»-reduct d below the Proportion. Lucal Militia Mui mar enlist infothe Regular Mditia [of their vtrn Counties 4V G.3 c. 129.] except during annual Trainings

Penalty on Officer, &c. enhOin# a Local Militia. Man during such Period of Training 20l.

How Vacancies

by promotion of Corpoials, and Serjeants and cnliiiing shall be filled up. Deputy Lieutenants may make new Apportionments in case from the Returns nude it be found the Quotas are wot in pioportiou to the relative Number* liabls. to serve, &.C.

Lieutenancy shall fix by Ballot the Oder in which Sub-division*, &c. shall supply De-. fluencies by Pru motion* of Serjeant*, &c.

Deputy-I.iemc-nauts shall regulate Inequalities of Number* ta

Diviiious.

7°4

48 G. 3. Mil.

§ 26. u to Bounties to Verson* voluntarily enrolling themselves repealed; (except as to Members of Volunteer Corps).

Parishes may agree to give Two Guineas Bounty.

Bounty paid to Persons enrolling in Local Militia shall be deduced, anti repaid, if they enlist into the Line within certain Periods.

48 G. 3. C. 111.

51, 50, as to Repayment of Bounties out of County Rates rejxialed.

No Bounties to Members of Volunteer Corps vmless serving belorc this A eft.

Volunteers transferred to lx>cal Militia, not liable to serve in Regular Militia.

Officers-commanding Volunteers transferred lit to the Local Militia shall retain their Command, &c.

Lieutenant-Colonels Com-iii.it.Jant shall comn.nml Ucu-tenant-Colone!s. Rank of Otficcis of \ eoxnanry Corps,

and of Officers of L>cal Militia holding Commissions in Volunteers-Vice-Lieutenant mav grant Corn-millions.

Pio Stamp Duty on Commi Hi ons in Local Militia. Bills for Pay or Money on Account of i^ocaL Militia, &c. may be dtawn on un-fiampad Paper.

C. 40. 49 GEORGII III. A.D. 1809.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That from and after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and ten, so much of the said recited Act as enact9 that any Person who shall voluntarily enrol himself to serve in the Local Militia under the said recited Act (except Members of Volunteer Corps transferring themselves) (had be entitled to receive the Sum of Two Guineas, to be paid upon his Enrolment, over and above any Sum to which he may be entitled for Necessaries, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of any Parish, with the Consent of the Inhabitants taken at a Vestry, or any other Meeting to be called and holden for that Purpose, of which Five Days Publick Notice shall be given, to agree to give a Bounty to any Persons voluntarily enrolling themselves in the Local Militia for such Parish; provided that such Bounty or Sum of Money shall in no Case exceed the Sum of Two Guineas for each Person, to be paid upon Enrolment, exclusive of Necessaries; and such Sum for Bountiei may and shall be raised, >-nd levied and collected in such Manner, and under such and the like Rules, Regulation., and Penalties, as any Sums allowed to be givea to Volunteers for the Militia under an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of His present Majesty.

XII. Provided always and be it further enacted, That the Whole of the Bounty which shall have been paid.to any Person enrolled in the Local Militia, whether the same shall have been paid by His Majesty, or by znv Parish under the Provisions of the said Act or this Act, shall, if such Person shall thereafter at any Period within One Year enlist into the Army, Navy, or Marines, be deducted from the Bounty payable to such Person upon so enlisting; and if such Person (h .11 er.lilt at any Time afrer the Expiration of One Year and before the Expiration of Two Years, then One Half of such Bounty shall be deducted as aforesaid and the Amount so deducted shall be accounted for, and be repaid to the Persons by whom, or to the Account from which the Bounty so deducted and repaid, shall have been advanced.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That (o much of the Lid recited Act as cnr.fts or requires that any Sums of Money advanced or paid for the Bounties of Two Guineas allowed by the said recited Act, to Persons voluntarily enrolling-themselves in the Local Militia, or transferring themselves from Volunteer Corns into the Local Militia, shall be paid or repaid out of any County Rate, or assessed upon any Parishes in any County, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, that nn Person transferring himself from ary Volunteer Corps into the Local Militia under the Provisions of the said recited Act or this Act, shall be entitled to any Bounty upon being enrolled in the Local Militia, unless he shall have been a Member of a Volunteer Corps before the pafing of this Act, and shall have continued a Member 6f a Volunteer Corps up to the Period of his transferring himlrlf as aforesaid.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no Person who shall transfer himself a* a Member of a Volunteer Corps into the Local Militia, and shall be thereupon enrolled in the Local Militia, shall be liable to be called upon to be enrolled or serve in the Regular Militia by reason of his having been ballotted and entered for the Regular Militia, during the Period of his having been a Member of a Volunteer Corps; any Thing in any Act or Aftl to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant of any County, or forary Colonel or Commanding Officer of any Regiment or Regiments, Battalion or Battalions, or Corps of Volunteers who shall transfer himself into the Local Miliua with his Regiment or Regiments, Battalion or Battalions, or Corps, cr with Part thereof, under the Provisions of the said recited Act or this Act, to retain such Command, and to continue to act as Colonel or Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps, or Regiments, Battalions or Corps, so transferred and become Local Militia, and together with any Regiment of Regular Militia, if he shall have commanded any Regiment r.f Regular Militia at the Time of such Transfer as aforesaid; any Thing in any Act or Act of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all Officers of Local Militia holding the Rank of Lieutenant-Colonel Commandant, shall take Rank of and command all other Lieutenant-Colonels serving in the said Local Militia, notwithstanding the Commissions of the said Lieutenant-Colonels should be of a prior Date to the Commissions of such Lieutenant Colonels Commandant.

XVIII. And be it further enactrd, That ali Officera.of Yeomanry Corp3 shall rank with the Officers of the Local Militia according to the Datco of their respective Commissions.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Officer of Local Militia, who shall have held any Commission in any Volunteer Corps at the Time of his becoming an Officer of the Local Militia, shall be entitled to rank with the Officers of Yeomanry Corps according to the Date of his Commission of the fame Rink in the Volunteers.

XX. And be it further cnafttd, That it shall be lawful for any Vice-Lieutenant, who shall be authorised by the Lieutenant for that Purpose, to grant Commissions to Officers to serve in the Local Militia, in such and the like Manner as the Lieutenant giving such Authority may grant such CommissionR.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no Commission granted before the passing of this Act, or which (tail be granted after the passing of this Act, to any Officer in the Local Militia, shall be subject to any Stamp Duty.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all B.lls, Drafts, and Orders, drawn for the Pay or Allowance of the Local Militia, or of any Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps, and also all Bil's, DraftR, and Orders, by which any Sums of Money cr Fines arc remitted to the Bank of England* or the Paymaster-General, or any Person or Persons authorized by the Secretary at War to receive Money on account of the Local Militia or Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps, mav and shall be drawn upon undamped Paper; and no such Bill, Draft, or Order, shall be void by reason of not bring so drawn or written on stamped Paper, any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Order notified by His Secretary of State, upon the Application of the Lieutenant of any County in which the principal Town or Towns

of

e

A.D. 1809.

49° GEORGII III.

C. 40, 41. 705

of such County shall not affohl sufficient Accommodation for the quartering of the Local Militia of the County, Wh« TVwms in during the training and exercising of such Local Militia, or in any Case in which it may be more convenient the Country do with respect to the Residence of the Persons enrolled in such Local Militia, and tb the Distance whch such Persong mav have to march for the Purpose of being trained and exercised, to authorize and allow, and to order quartering Local the Local Militia of such County, or any Regiments or Regiment thereof, to be marched into any adjoining Militia, they may County for the Purpose of training and exercising; any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary he marched into not with landing, '*n 8, 'iuiu, n6

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Adjutants, Quarter Mailers, and also for ^°unty' the Non*commissioned Officers of the Local Militia, being on permanent Pay as such, to receive and

Command, and train and exercise any Men enrolled for the Regular Militia of their respective Counties at any floned Officers of Time after their Enrolment, and for any Period, until they can conveniently be marched and shall be ordered Local, may train to march to their respective Regiments; and all such Adjutants, Quarter Madera, and Non-commissioned Regular, MiKtia Officers, shall for such Purpose have the like Command over such Men as any Officer of the Regular Militia of Mcn u", a.the County to which they belong, and shall for that Purpose, and as to all the Provisions of any Act for Clt

Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, be deemed and construed to be Officers for the Time being of such [&J 49 G. 3. Regular Militia having the Command of such Mm. gi. $ 2.]

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Colonel or Commanding Officer of any Colonels may Regiment of Mlitia to appoint any fit and proper Person, with the Approbation of His Majesty, to be Quarter- splint Quarter Mailer of his Regiment of Local Militia, although such Person shall not have served in His Majesty's other M«(W»for

Regitnrnls of Local Militia.

Forces or in the embodied Militia, as required by the Provisions of the said Act p*fLd in the Forty second Year aforesaid, and such Person maybe appointed to serve with such Rank as is in the said Act mentioned.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Estate of the Value, or to the Amount, or of the Description

specified in the several Acts relating to the Militia as a Qualification for any Officer in the Militia, situate, lying, or being in any Part of Great Britain, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be, and be deemed and construed to be a good and valid Qualification, although the same shall not be situate in the County to which the Officer having such Estate shall belong; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding. [Sn. 49 G. 9. c. 82. § 0.]

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be entitled to claim any Exemption, or to be exempt Local Militia from serving the Office of Sheriff, by reason of holding any (?ommission in the Local Militia; any Thing ia any AS relating to the Miht'a to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer, of any Regiment of Local Militia, on permanent Pay as such, or as a Musicianiu the Band of the Regiment of Local Militia to which he shall belong, shall be entitled to his Discharge, or be allowed to enlill into the Army, Navy, or Marints, or Regular Militia, or to engage himself as a Substitute or Volunteer in the Regular Militia at any Time, whether the Regiment to which such Non-commissioned Officer or Drummer or Musicran shall belong, shall he assembled for the Purpose of annual Training and Exercise or not, unless with the Consent io Writing of the Commanding Officer of his Regiment given for that Purpose.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Person who shall be enrolled in any Regiment of Local Militia shall be removed or transferred from the Regiment in which he shall have been p aced upon his Enrolnv nt, by reason of his removing from any one Division or Part of his County to any other Division or Part of his County, but any such Person shall, notwithstanding such Removal, be obliged to join his Regiment wlu rever the same shall bcassembled or called out under the Provision6 of the said recited Act or this Act; any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person enrolled to serve as a Local Militia Man to remove from one County to another County, or from one Division to another Division of the same County, during the Time that the Regiment to which he belongs shall be aifombled, without having first obtained the Consent of his Commanding Officer expressed in Writing.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That no Comnrffioned or Non-commissioned Officer or Private M*n in the Local Militia, shall be subject to any of the Provisions contained in any Act of Parliament which shall be in force for the Punishment of Mut iw and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, or any Articles of War made in pursuance thereof, except during such Time as he shall be receiving the Pay of his Rank in the Local Militia, or shall be called out or assembled or embodied under any of the Provisions of the said recited Act.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Provisions of this Act shall, in Execution c, f the said lccited Act, be used and applied and construed in like Manner as if the fame Provisions were specially enacted in the said Act, and all and every the Provisions of the said Act shall, in the Execution of this Act, except where the same are thereby expressly varied, be used and applied, extended and construed, in like Manner as if the fame Provisions (except as aforesaid) were specially enacted in this Act.

#4 Act may be altered this Session. §33. [See 49 G. 3. c. 82. §129.]

CAP. XLI.

An Act to amend an Act made in the Forty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, to provide that Bniifj Ships captured by the Enemy, btcoming the Property of British Subjects, shall not be entitled to the Privilege of British Ships.

[121I1 May 1809.-]

WHEREAS by an Act pafiedin the Forty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Rrijn, intituled, An Act to provide that British Ships which shall be captured by the Jimmy* and shall afterwards become the Property of British Svbjeds, flat not be entitled to the Privilege of British Ships* it is enacted, that no £ri*j/b built 49 Geo. III. 4 V*ip

Qunlificatlon for Oflkvrs fof Local Militia] may be in any Pari of Great Britain.

Odicers not exempt from bring Sheriff a.

Serjeants, &c-nor allnwud SO

enlill in

Regular* without < onfvnt oi Commanding O dicer.

Men ftia'J not change their Regiments on ramming from one Part of x County to another.

Men shall not remove while ih« Regimeni is aflemUrd.

T.ocal Milltiak shall not b« ful>i*£t to Mutiny A^f unWs when

Tcrririn" Pay, OT embodied.

Thi* Atf nmJ

rrcitrd /foU hr ronftrurd* on*- Art.

4n < i.; i. c. :t

706 C. 41, 42'.

49° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1809.

British-built Vefleb, if rcctp-lured may be repifierctl, and have the Privilege cf 15riu/h Ship*.

Ship or Vessel which has been captured by the Enemy, and which shall Dot have been fegiftered denovo before the

Firtl Day of October One thousand eight hundred and eight, nor any British built Ship or Vessel which shall

thereafter be captured by the Enemy, shall be registered as a British'built Ship or Vessel 5 hut every such Ship

or Vrfle!, although owned b* a British Subjtft or Subjects, shall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purpose* 4 as a Foreign-built Ship or Vessel: And whereas it maybe an Encouragement to the Recapture of such Ship- and Vessels, if such recaptured Ships and Vessels were admitted to the Privilege of British-b\i\\l Ships and Vessels as before their Capture by the Enemy / Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every British-built Ship or Vessel recaptured from the Enemy by any of H'S Majesty's Ships of War, or by any Ship or Vessel having Letters of Marque and Rrprizal, or by any Ship or Vessci of War belonging to any State in Alliance with His Majesty, roar be regifttred, and shall be deemed and takeu to have the Privileges of a British-built Ship or Vessel, in the umc Manner as if it had not been captured by the Enemy $ any Thing in the said Act to the contrary io any wise notwithstanding.

Scotch Act 26$$, cap. 38.

Clerics of Burgh Courts shall not record Probative Writs, or Deeds, in virtue of Clauses of Registration: except that Clerks oi Royal Burghs mav record Protests on Fills,; and Instruments of Scifin of Fcne-tnents within Burghs;

nil Deeds reluung e\clu-fively to such Tenements; or any Deeds rhcrc all the

CAP. XLII.

An Act for better regulating the Publick Records of Scotland.

[12th May 1809.]

WHEREAS Irregularities and Inconveniences have arisen or may arise from the unoeceflary Multiplicity of Registers in Scotland in which Deeds and other Writings may be competently recorded, either for

Execution or for Preservation: And whereas the Laws heretofore devised for regulating the Formation and

Custody of the Publick Records, and more especially of those in the Local Registries throughout Scotland, \ 4 have not been found effectual; and it is of high Importance that the whole of the Publick Records within that Part of the United Kingdom should be placed under one general and effectual Plan of Management and Controul: And whereas by an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, passed on the Thirteenth Day of June in

the Year One thousand six hundred and eighty-five, intituled, 4ft concerning the Regiflration of Writs in the Books of Session, it is, inter alia, (latuted and ordained, 44 That no Clerk of inferior Court for the future presume to regillrate any Writ6 in bid Books, either for Conservation, or where Execution is to pass against any Party

that dwells without the Jurisdiction, under the Pain of Deprivation, and of Five hundred Merks of Penalty, the one Half to His Majesty, and the other Half to the P.my Puifucr, " which Provisions of the aforesaid Act 4 k has become necessary to renew, modify, and enlarge; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefect Parliament afVembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Expiration of Six Months after the passing of this Act, but with and under the Exceptions and Reservatione herein after-mentioned, it shall not be lawful for the Clerks of Royal Burghs, or of Burghs of Regality or Barony within Scotland, to receive any Deeds or other Writings for the Purpose of being recorded by them in the Books or Registers of their respective Courts, either in virtue of an Act of the Parliament of Scotlandpafftd on the Thirtieth Day of jiugud in the Year One thousand six hundred and ninety-eight, intituled, aid concerning Registration of Probative Writs, or in virtue of any Clause contained io such Deeds and Writings, confcnting that the lame Should be recorded either for Preservation thereof, or for Execution: Provided always, that this Act shall not extend to or affect the Right of the Clerks of Roytl Burghs to receive Instruments of Protest on Bills of Exchange, Inland Bills and Promissory Notes, and to record the fame: Provided also, that this Act shall not extend to or affect the Right of the Clerks of Royal Burghs to record in their Books Instruments of Seisin and other Writs relative to heritable Property holding in Burgage and situated within their respective Burghs or Liberties thereof in virtue of an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, passed on the Sixth Day of September in the Year One thousand six hundred and eighty-one, intituled, /lit concerning the Re gift ration of Seifs ns and Reverjtoru of Tenements within Burgh: Provided also, that tht9 Act shall not extend to or affect the Right of the Clerks of Royal Burghs to receive and record Dispositions, Tacks, and other Deeds, relating exclusively to the Property or Possession of Subject9 holding in Burgage and situated within such Burghs or Liberties thereof respectively, or any Deeds or Instruments where all the Parties to the same shall be Burgesses or have a legal Domicil within such Burghs, at the Time that such Dcedsor Instruments shall bepresented for Registration.

Parties are 13 urge Acs or domiciled Inhabitants. Clerks of Corami !; ary Courts shall not record Probative Writs or Deeds, in virtue of Clauses oi' Rt gilbratkm.

Penalties od

Office; 3 ddubeying.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expiration of Six Months after the passing of this Act, it shall not be lawful for the Clerks of the several Commilfary Courts within Scotland, to receive any Deed or other Writing for the Purpose of being recorded by them in the Books or Registers of their respective Courts, either in virtue of the above-meDtioned Act of the Parliament of Scotland, passed on the Thirtieth Day of dugvjl in the Year One thousand six hundred and ninety-eight, or in virtue of any Clause contained in such Deeds or Writings consenting that the fame should be recorded cither for Preservation thereof or for Execution, or ia virtue of an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, passed on the S xteenth Day of September in the Year One thousand six hundred and eighty-one, intituled, add concerning Bills of Exchange, or of any Acts of the Parliament of Great Britain authorizing the Registration of Bills and Prom (Tory Notes for the Purpose of summary Execution.

III. And be it further enacted, That, if after the Date aforesaid, any of the Clerks of Royal Burghs, or Burgh9 of Regality or Barony, or any of the Clerks of the Commissary Courts within Scotland\ shall receive any of the above-mentioned Deeds or Writings, for the Purposes of recording the fame in their respective Books or Registers, or shall transcribe the fame into their Books, or shall give forth Copies thereof, bearing to be Extracts from their respective Books or Registers, excepting as above excepted, the aforesaid Books, Copies,

6 and

A.D. 1809. 49° GEORGII III. C. 42. 707

and Extracti, shall not make Faith or be of any Avail or Authority whatever; and the aforesaid Clerks-or others so offending shall be liable in a Penalty of Five Pounds for each Offence, which may be sued for and shall be recoverable to Imown Ufc, together with the Expeaces of Process, by the Sheriff Clerk or Stewart Clerk of the Shire or Stewartry within which such Offence shall have been committed, on a summary Complaint to the Sheriff Depute or Stewart Depute of such Shire or Stewartry; and in default of such Prosecution at the Instance of the Sheriff Clerk or Stewart Clerk, within Twelve Months from the Date of the Commission of such Offence, then such Penalty shall and may be sued for and recovered, together with the Expo ces of Process, by the Lord Clerk Register on a summary Complaint presented within Three Years after the Date of such Offence, to the Lords of Council and Session, such Penalty in the latte-r Case being solely applicable by the Lord Clerk Register, to the Purposea of the Establishment of His Majesty's General Register House.

IV. And be it further enacted, That on or before the Expiration of Six Months after the pading of this Clerk of the Ad, the Clerk of the Commissary Court of Edinburgh shall deliver to the Lord Clerk Remitter, or his Deputy Coniirnssary Ketpers of Records, all the Books or Registers of Deeds or of Probative Writings kept by them and their'h Predecessors in Office, and which shall be in iheir Custody, together with the Minute I) oks and Warrants of the H liv- i ills' fi; d Registersor Booksof Record, and with an Inventory of the whole, to the Accuracy and CompIcteRefs of IPrri.hrsof which the said Clerks shall make Oath before the Lords of Council and Session; and that the Eo'd Clerk Deeds, an! the* Register or his Deputy Keepers of Records shall receive the aforesaid B oks, Registera, and Warrants to be 'V.vr.nit« ?o the deposited with the other Publick Records of Scotland, and shall make and (ubferib? a full Duplicate of the aforesaid j^r^r rk Inventory, to be delivered to and deposited by the said Clerk with the other Records of the Commissary Court C ' TCmaining under his Custody and C^re.

V. And be it further enacted, That on or before the Expiration of Six Months after the passing of this A A, Clerk of inferior the Clerks of the several inferor Commissary Courts shall deliver to the Sheriff Clerks or Stewart Clerks of the Commissary Shires or Stewartries within which such Commissary Courts are respectivJy situated, a.l the Books or Rceifters touruflmft

of Deeds or of Probative Writings if any, which have been kept by them and their Predeccffora in Office,

and which shall be in their Custody, together with the Minute Books and Warrants of the fame, and with an ifft-ds, ami the inventory of the whole, to the Accuracy and Complcteness of which the said Clerks respectively shall make Oath Warrants to in the Court of the Sueriff Depute or Stewart Depute, and thu the said Sheriff Ch-iks ai d Stewart Cieiks shall ShriiJ Clerk*, receive the aforesaid Books, Re aders, and Warrants respectively, to be deposited with tiic othrr Publick R? cords under tluir Custody and C-ire, and shall make and subscribe full Duplicates of the aforesaid Inventories to be delivered to and deposited by the said Commissary Clerks with the other Publick Records remaining under their C iftndy and Care.

VC. And be it further enacted, That on or before the Expiration of Six Months after the pafliDgof this Act, Clerks of Burph* the Clerks of the several Burghs of Regality and Barony aforesaid, shall in like Manner deliver to the Sheriff of Reality and Clerksor Stewart Clerks of the Shires or Stewartries within which such Burghs are respectively situated, all the 1

Books or Regifttrs of Deeds or of Probative Writing*, if any, which have been kept by them and their pr..iTer*of Prcdtccffors in Office, and which shall be in their Custody, together with the Minute Books and Warrant of the and the fame, and with an Inventory of the whole, to the Accuracy and Complcteness of which the said Clerks respectively Warrants, if any, shall make Oath in the Court of the Sheriff Depute or Stewart Depute j and that the Lid Sheriff Clerks or to Sheriff Clerii. Stewart Clerks shall receive the aforesaid Books, Registers and Warrants respectively, to be deposited with the other Publick Records under their Custody and Care, and shall make and subscribe lull Duplicates of such Inventories to be delivered to and deposited by the said Clerks of Burghs respectively with the other Publick Records under their Custody and Care.

VII.*And, in order that the aforesaid Provisions of this Act respecting the Delivery of the several Commissary,

4 or Burgh Records to the Lord Clerk Register and the several Sheriff Clerks and Stewart Clerks respectively,

may be faithfully and punctually carried into Execution Be it enacted, That it shall be competent for the on

Lords of Council and Session, on a summary Complaint by the Lord Clerk Register, to inflict Inch Penalties, Otfi era uiliully not exceeding the Sum of Fifty Pounds for each Offence, upon any Sheriff Clerk or Stewart Clerk, Burgh Mutiny or Clerk, or Commissary Clerk, wilfully refusing or neglecting to comply with the aforesaid Provisions of this Act, neglecting, and to make such further Orders thereon as may appear to them to be nectflary, such Penalties being in all Cases recoverable by the Lord Clerk Register, and solely applicable by him to the Purposes of the Establishment of His Majesty's General Register House.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expiration of Six Monthsafter the pr.ffing of this She riff Clerk*

Ad, it shall not be lawful for the Sheriff Clerks or Stewart Clerks of the several Shires and Stewartries to use shall record any Books for the Registration of Deeds or other Writings, unlcfa the same shall have been previously marked, at ii; dIV»-

least on the first and Lit Leaves thereof, and issued to them by the Lord Clerk Register or hi- Deputies authorizr d markr!T

to that Effect, for each of which Books there shall net be charged more than the prime Cost thereof, tog. ther anj

with a Fee to the Deputy Ketpers of Records not exceeding Five Shillings Sterling; and if any Sheriff Clerk !>ir<lCltrk or Stewart Clerk (hdl use any other Books or Regiftets than such cs shall have been previously marked as keener, aforesaid, and issued to him by the Lord Clerk Register or his Deputies, he shall be liable in a Penalty of Five p.na'.tu-son*Pounds Sterling for each Offence, to be recoverable, together with the Expends of Prccefs, by the Lord Civik Ofli '-n Register, on a summary Complaint at his instance to the Lords of Council a: d Session, (such Penalty being in aft ditoU-jnig.

Cases solely applicable by the Lord Clerk Register to the Purposes of the Estabhlhment of His MajdlvL G.-neial Register House, ) and shall further be bound and obliged again to record the fame Deeds undotbtr Writings or Books duly marked and issued to him as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expiration of Six Months after the p: fling of this Cle*k* of Hm-al Act, it shall not bt lawful for the Cltrka of Royal Burghs to use any Books for the Registration ot Instruments Burgh* shall of Seifraof Subjects holding in Burgage, or for thr Deeds and other Instruments which tlieyare hereby enabled

to receive and to record, unless such Books (hill have been previously marked and issued by the Lord ClcVk*4 Y a Register,

I

*nd issued by Lord Clerk Register.

Sheriffs Depute shall annually examine the State of Record Office*, and the Progress and State of Records kept by Shcrilf Clerks; and report thereon to the Court of J ulikury:

Court of J ufti-iury shall (lircA Inquiries and make Orders tlieicon.

Mr "hirates of K<'>aI Burghs It.ali annually examine the Pronrels and 2uate of Records; and report thereon to the Court J uitkiary.

Remitters by Late transinHfihle period'u ally to the G em ral Register House, shall be delivered within Six Months after < ompletion. Penalties on Officershfob<?yin".

HowWrits under the Great Seal, shall be expede.

Compensation to the Offictrsol the Privy Seal.

Register, or his Deputies, in the Manner above directed, and under the Penalty above provided, in the Cab of Sheriff Clerks or Stewart Oerkt as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Sheriff* Depute and Stewarts Depute of the several Shirei sod StewartrieB, or their Substitutes, shall at least once in every Year carefully examine into the Progref* and State of all the different Records framed and kept by the respective Sheriff Clerks and Stewart Clerks, and shall prepare cxaA Reports in Writing, setting forth the Relult of their Examinations, and particularly specifywg the State and Situation of the Buildings in which the Records of their respective Shirea and Stewartnes are kept, and how far the J.aws and Regulations relative to the several Records have been faithfully and punAually executed and obeyed; and the Sheriffs Depute of the several Shires of Edinburgh, Haddington, and Lirh/ithgow, or their Substitutes respectively, shall in the Month of November in every Year present such Reports, duly authenticated, to the Lords Commissioners of Judiciary, at Edinburgh, and the Sheriffs Depute and Stewarts Depute of the other Shires and Stewartnes, or their Substitutes respectively, shall present their said Reports, duly authenticated, to the Lords Commissioners of Justiciary, at the Circuit Cours that shall be holden within their respective Bound*, in the Autumn of every Year; and the said Lords Commissioners cf Justiciary are hereby empowered to make such Orders thereon, or direct such further Inquiries to be made as may appear to them to be necesfiry, and direct their Clerks to enter the fame in the Minutes of the Court, and thereafter to transmit the fcvrral Rtpjru, with a certified Copy of the Orders that may have been made by them thereon, to the Lord Clerk Reader, at whose Instance it shall be competent to present to the Lords of Council and Session summary Complaints against any of the Sheriff Clerks or Stewart Clerks, or their Depu ies, on account of any Neglect or Maiverfation in the Business of the several Records committed to their Care, and for redressing and punishing the fame according to Law.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Chief Magilirate9 of the said Royal Burgh9 respectively, shall at least once in every Year carefully examine into the Progress and State of all the different Records framed and kept by the respective Clerks of such Royal Burgh?, and shall prepare txaA Reports in Writing, in the Manner above drrected, in the Case of Sheriff Clerks and Stewart Clerks; and such Chief Magistrates shall, in the Month of November in every Year, transmit such Reports to the Lords Commissioners of Justiciary at Edinburgh, who are hereby empowered to make Orders, and direct Inquiries in the Manner a^ove providtd, in the Case of Sheriff Clerks and Stewart Clerks as aforesaid; and the Clerks of Justiciary shall in like Manner transmit such Reports, with a certified Copy of such Orders, to the Lord Clerk Register, at whose Instance summary Compla'n?» may be made against Clerks of Royal Burgh?, in the Manner above directed, in the Case of Sherff Clerks and Stewart Clerks as ? fore said.

XII. And Whereas it is expedient that the Transmission of the successive Volumes or Bnoks of the several

Publick Records, from the Offices in which they are formed, to His Majesty's General Registrr House, fiwuld be made with the haft possible Delay; Be it enacted, That within Six Months after the passing of this Act, the Keepers of the several Publick Records which are by Law trarfmifiible to His Majesty's General Rrgitler House, drill deliver all the Vo'umes or Books of their respective Records that are already completed, together wirh the Mioute B00K3 and the Warrants thereof, to the Lord Clerk Register or his Deputies; and that in all Time coming thereafter the fucctffive Books or Volumes of thefr Records flnll in ail Cases be de'ivered to the Lord Clerk Register or his Deputies within Three Months after the fame have been severally completed and filled up; and if the Keepers of these Records shall refuse or neglect to make such regular Transmission of the fucctffive Bvioks of their resptA ve Records, it shall be competent for the Lord Clerk Register to present a summary Application to the Lords of Council and S.flnn, complaining of such Rcfufd and Neglect, by whom Warrants shall be granted for issuing Letters of Horning a/ainst such Keeper or Keepers, in order to enforce Obedience to this Act, and by whom such further Pains and Pena'ties may be infl A: d by Fine, not exceeding Fifty Pounds on such Defaulters, as in the Circumstances of the Case shall seem jult, to be applied by the Lord Clerk Register to the Purposes of the Eft iblishment of His Majesty's General Remitter H.uife.

XIII. ' And, for remedying the Inconveniences that have arisen ormayarfe from the unnectssary Multiplicity of Writings and Records now in Uie, as the successive Warrants of Charters and Grants of Lands and other

heritable Property, which pass under the Seal appointed by the Treaty of Union to be keot and used in Scotland in place of the Great Seal thereof formerly used there Be it tnaA-d, That from and after the Expiration of Six Months after the passing of this Act, in expecting such Charttrs and Grants under the aforesaid Seal, the Latin Precepf under the Signet shall be so framed a9 to be carried dirtAly to Chancery without its containing any Order that a Precept under the Privy Seal shall be dircArd thereupon, and without such Precept under the Pnvy Seal being made out or recorded, and such Latin Precept under the Signet shall from thenceforth be received by the Dirt A »r of I lls Majesty's Chancery in Scotland, and by the Keeper of the Great Seal, as the only legal and sufficient Warrants to them respt A vely for framing Grants in Terms of the fame, and for appending thereto the Seal appointed by the Treaty of Union to be kept and used in Scotland in place of the Great Seal thereof formerly used there.

XIV. And be it enacted, That so long as the Writer to His Majesty^ Privy Seal, and the Keeper of that Stal in Possession of their respective Offices of Writer and Keeper at the Date of the passing of this Act, shall continue to bold the fame respectively and no longer, the aforesaid Precepts under His Majesty's Signet (hah be produced to the said Writer and Keeper or their respective Deputies, by the Clerks to His Majesty's Signet, by whom the said Precepts respectively have been expede, and the fame Fees heretofore due on the Writing and Sealing of Precepts under the Privy Seal, shall thereupon be paid to the said Keeper and Writer respectively and their Deputies, of which Payments to them respectively a (hart Atceftation shall be written on the Back of the aforesaid Precepts under the Signet, and subscribed by the said Writer and Keeper or their Deputies; and if the DircAor of His Majesty's Chancery shall, during the Period aforesaid, receive as his Warrant for framing any Charter any such Precept under the Signet which doc* not bear the due Aucftatione as aforesaid, he shall be

liable

I

1

I

A.D. 1809. 49* HI, C. 42, 43. 709

liable in Penalties equal in Amount to the Fees of which the said' Writer or Keeper respectively have been deprived; the aforesaid Penalty, together with the Expences of Process, being recoverable by the said Writer or Keeper on summary Complaints at their In (lance to the Lords of Council and Session.

XV. 4 And Whereas it is of great Importance that the Record of Writs passing under the Great Seal, and for rendering

which is kept by the Director of Chancery, should be in all Respecti complete, authentic, and authoritative; and the KegiAer of that an Act of Sederunt touching that Record was passed by the Lords of Council and Srffion on the E'eventh the Great Seal Day of February One thousand eight hundred and eight, to which it is expedient to give the Force and EtLft of c°rop, ete and 4 a Publick Law it enacted, That the Keeper of the Great Seal or his Deputies, instead of delivering the"^'*1 sealed Charters or other Writs to the Persons by whom these have been expede, shall forthwith deliver the fame, thereof to the 5 together with the Warrants thereof, to the Director of Chancery or his Deputy, by whom, after making the General Repair proper Entries of the Sealing in the Record, the Writs shall be delivered respectively to the P rfona by whom House. thy shall have been expede; and the aforesaid Warrants shall remain in the Possession of the Drftorof Chancery, until the fame, together with the Register in which the relative Writs have been recorded, shall be transmitted to His Majesty General Register House.

XVI. And be it enacted, That Extracts of Writs from the Register of the Great Seal, of which Hxtra&afroiw

the Fa ft and Date of Sealing shall have been duly recorded, (such Extracts being certified rn due Register of Form by the Keepers of the said Records), shall make entire Faith in all Cases, excepting in Cases of Great Setlflw* Im probation..*wUflY-

XVII.*And, in order that permanent Compensation may be trade to the Clerks of Royal Burghs and their Successors in Office, and that Compensation during their rtfptftive Lives or Continuance in Office, may be made to the Clerks of Burghs of Regality and of Barony, and to the Commissaries and Clerks of CommiflVy

Courts and other Keepers of Publick Records, for and in respect of the Profits and Emoluments of which they Compensation to will be deprived by the Operation of this Act / Be it enacted, That the said several Persons having such Ke*p>m of Claims, and mean'ng to insist therein, shall, within Twelve Months after the passing of this Act. present the fame Record* aiMerf to the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, together with the Vouchers and Evidence by which the fame art meant by the Operation to be supported; and the said Claims, with the Vouchers thereof, shall be given out to His Mqtfty's Advocate, oi tlus Act 1 in order that he may appear and object to the fame, if nectflfary; and the Barons of the Exchequer, after due to be ascertained Inquiry made by them into the Circumstances of each Case, are hereby authorized and required to determine and by Court ot ascertain the Amount of the Fees and Emoluments of which the aforesaid Claimants shall have been, or may be Ikch^iuer. deprived by the Operation of this Act, and what Sums will form a just and reasonable Compensation to such Claimants respectively, either by annual Payments to the aforesaid Clerks of Royal Burghs and their Sneer (Tors ifl Office, or by Payments in the gross, or in Annuities, during their respective Lives or Continuance in Office, and no longer, to the several other aforesaid Claimants, and shall cause such Determination to be entered in a Roll or Book to be kept for that Purpose; and shall report the fame, under their Hands, to His Majesty, His Heirs and Succtssors, and to both Houses of Parliament.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That so soon as such Compensation shall have been ascertained by the S«ch Compmfa-Barons of the Court of Exchequer as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said Barons, ard they are hereby tion ft^II he paid directed and required, from Time to Time to issue their Warrant or Warrants to His Majesty's Receiver-General by Receiver for Scotland, who shall thereupon pay the Sum or Sums specified therein to the Person or Persons entitled

thereto out of any Money then in his Hands; and every Sum so paid upon any such Warrants shall be allowed 0 1

in. his Account.

CAP. XLIII.

An Act for regulating the Mode in which the Average Price of Brown or Muscovado Sugar, exclusive of the Duty thereon, is to be ascertained under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty. [ 12th May 1809.]

WHEREAS Doubts have ariftn, as to the Rate of Duty paid or payable on Brown or Muscovado Sugar which Should be deducted from the Sale Price of such Sugar ia order to ascertain the average Price thereof, exclusive of the Duty of Customs, and according to which Average the Lords Commissioner3 of His Majesty's Treasury are to be governed in carrying into Efhft the Powers vested in them by an Act, passed in the Forty-fixih Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty, during the 46 G. a. c. 40. 'prefail lVart and for Six Months after the Expiration thereof by the Ratification of a DefinitiveTreaty of Peace y,

additional Duties on certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize^imported into and exported from or brought or carried Coastwise within Great Britain: And whereas it is necessary to remove those Doubts; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Aivice and Consent of the L-'rds Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, io this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the In afcemuiing Duties of Customs which should have been, and which shall be deducted from the Price of Brown or Muscovado A'*jj* Sugar to be published in the London Gazette for the Purpose of enabling the Lords Commissioners of the uvada

Treasury to exercise the Power and Authority vetted in them by the said Act, with respect to* the Suspenfinn Sulmr, the in the whole or in part of the additional Duties thereby granted, shall be at and after the Rate of Thirty pmicsot' Shillings for every Hundred Weight of such Sugar; and that the Average Price thereof, to be Co published in the Caifairorto be London Gazette for the Purpose aforesaid, shall be exclusive of the said Duty of Thirty Shillings for every deduced shall be HundrtdWtight of such Sugar; and that the Average Prices of such Sugar, to be so publiftved for the 3|J*' wt* Purpose aforesaid, shall be made up and published in the London Gazette accordingly, at the several Periods directed by the said recited Act, any Law, Custom, or Usage to the-contrary notwithstanding.

4< Act may be altered this Session. §2*

1*CAP.

C*44>45

A.D. 1807.

Goods brought in as Pri/.r or iVi/^1s Droit* shall not be liable to Duty of C uftums, &c. on aay Sale, if net removed from Warehouse

except for the Purpose of Exportation.

From Sept. 09,

1 809, the Admiralty may direct Allow alters from the Companionate Lift of the Naev, au<! the Half Pay to Marine Officers to he paid at the Refi-tlenee of the Persons cmilled thereto.

Admiralty may make such Regulation? as they think requisite for the Payment of Inch Allow ances ami Half Pay.

Prrftms entitled to such Allowances and Hall Pay may on Application lor that Purpose, receive Payments from the Receiver-Cetieml of thq Land'l ax,>r Colic, 'lot of the Customs and Emife, &c.

Commissioners of the Navy, &c. to direct Tw o Duplicate Remittance Bill* U>

49° GEORGII III.

CAP. XLIV.

An Act to permit Goods brought in as Prize, and restored by the Court of Admimlfy, or which have been seized as Droits, and so restored, to be sold or transferred within this Kingdom, without paying the Home Consumption Duty.

[12th May 1809.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to permit Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, brought into Great Britainas Prize, and restored by the Court of Admiralty, to be sold or transferred for the Purpose of Exportation, without Payment of the Home Consumption Duties; Be it therefore enacted by the King'* most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That any Goods, Ware*, or Merchandize, which shall have been taken as Prize since the Commencement, or may be taken during the Continuance of Hostilities, and which shall have been, or may be brought into Great Britain by any of His Majesty's Ships of War, or by any Private or other Ship or Vessel having Coninnffion from the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain* or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of GrtJ Britain for the Time being, or which have been, or may be seized by any Non-commissioned Vtlfeior othemfe, asD'oits of Admiralty, and which under any Decree of the Court of Admiralty shall have been or shall be restored to the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, or to his or their Agent or Agents, shall not be subj?& or liable to the Payment of any Duty of Customs or Excise on account of any Sale or Transfer thereof within this Kingdom, provided that furh Goods, Wares, and Merchandize are not removed (except for the Purpose of Exportation only) from the Warehoustf'or Warehouses wherein they shall have been or may be deposited upon the first landing thereof; any Lw, Custom, or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstan jing.

" Benefit of the Act extended to certain Goods on board Danish Ships seized as Droits of Admiralty. §2.

CAP. XLV.

An Act for more conveniently paving of Allowances on the Compassionate Lift of the Navy, ami of Half Pay to Officers of the Royal Marines.

[12th Miry 1809.]

WHEREAS it would greatly tend to the Comfort and Accommodation of Person* receiving any Sunn

W of Money or Allowances in .consequence of their Names being inserted in the Compassionate Lift of the Navy, established under and authorized by virtue of His Majesty, s Order in Council of the Fifteenth

D jy of February One thousand eight hundred and nine; and also of the Officers of the Royal Marines entitled

to Half Pay, it such Allowances and Half Pay were paid to the Persons respectively entitled thereto, at or near to the Places of their Respective Rcfidences; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be

enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and nine, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, to order and direct that all such Allowances and Half Pay shall be paid to the Persons respectively entitled thereto at or near to the Parishes or Places of their RefiJtnce, in any Part of His Majesty's Dominions, or in Foreign Parts, by any Persons appointed to pay the same.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners of the Admiralty, or any Three or more of them, for the Time being, to make such Orders, Rules, and Regulations, and from Time to Time to alter the fame in relation to the Payment of any such Allowance* and Hall-Pay to any such Persons so entitled thereto as aforesaid; and also as to any Certificates, Voucher*. Receipts, or Orders for the better regulating, managing, and making such Payments; and to require such Proofs and Affidavits relating thereto as may be requisite for the ordering and Louring the Payment of such Allowances and Half Pay: Provided always, that every such Order or Regulation may from Time to Time be revoked or altered by any Warrant, Order, or Instruction under H's Matty's Royal Sign M*nua!.

III. And be it further matted, That from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and nine, if any Person who shall be entitled to receive any such Allowance (the Names of such Perth-.*, and the Sums they are respectively entitled to, being previously and from Time to Time tr.nifmitud to the Commissioners of the Navy; ) or if any Officer of the Royal Marines on Half Pay, (h.tll be respeiffivciy dcfiroiu to receive such Allowance or Half Pay from any Receiver*Gemral of the Land Tax in Great Britain, Collector of the Customs at any Port in Great Britain or Ireland, Cnlh-£lor of the Excise for any Cdketion in Great Britain or Ireland, or Clerk of the Chccque at any Dock Yard in Great Britain, near to the Price of his Rclidmce, it shall be in the Power of such Person so entitled to any Allowance, to ap*jly at the Tune of such Allowances by Letter to the Comm (Tuners of the Navy, at their Office in Somerset P ace; : ir?d lor ary Officer of the Royal Marines on Half Pay, at the Time of bluing such Hah Pay to apply to the Payrr.aftrr »t Marines at hia Office in London, to have such Allowance or fu 'h Half Pay paid by the said Receiver*General of the Land Tax, Collectorof the Customs, Collector of thr* Excise, or Clerk of the Checrpic, a?d Pan! at the

'same Time transmit such Vouchers and Documents as ftr.ll be required by the Said Lord High Admiral or Commissioners of the Admiralty, for the Time heu*g, any Tim e of them.

1 IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Coinnvflnners of the N ivy, or the tend Pavmr.fter of Mtrire % on being. Uti&fied of the Justice of the said C; aim, (had respritmlv or Lr and direct Two R tv trance rids be made out for the Allowance or Half Pay due to such Person or Offic-r; v.; -oh said P>; 1U Ir.alt he 0 of each other, and shall be joined together by oblique Lines, Elouulhc , or Drvi^s, end (h.dl be ir.'id:

to

C.

A.D. 1809. 49° GEORGII III. C. 45. 711

t such Person 1 or to such Officer, by the Receiver*General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, be made out, Col^c&or of the Excise, or Clerk of the Checque to whom the said Remittance Bills shall be addressed; and such PTJWe Remittance Bills, being numbered and dated, shall be signed by a Commissioner of the Navy, or the said Paymaster of Marines, and shall be attested by a Person to be respectively appointed by the Treasurer of the

Navy or Paymaster to collect and manage the aforesaid Documents and Vouchers, to prepare such Remittance Bills, and keep Accounts thereof; and such Remittance Bills, being written or printed, shall be according to the Tenor and Form following, or to the like Efftd:

<N°I. Day of Form of Bill*

Sir,

pAY to yf. B. of on his producing and delivering the Duplicate hereof, the

Sum of being for the HalfPay* J Pa7a^c to*31

1 [or, Half Pay Officer of Marines, at the Case may he,] on the Day of

last, if the fame be demanded within Six Calendar Months from the Date hereof, otherwise you are to return this Bill to the Treasurer of the Navy [or, Paymaster of Marines, 3 at his Office in London.

r n f Commissioner of the Navy.

L' n' I Paymaster.

Attested by E* F. \Description.3 4 To the Receiver General of the Land Tax for the County of The Collector of the Custorot at the Port of

The Collector of the Excise at The Clerk of the Checque at

By virtue of the AS 49 George the Third.

4 N.B. The forging of this Remittance Bill, or procuring any other Person to*forge the fame, in order to receive any Part of the Monies hereby payable, is made Felony by the AS Forty-ninth George the Third.*

And so soon as the said Bills arc made out and signed, the respective Persons to be appointed by the said Treasurer' One Dui>i; cate or Paymaster ftnll cut or cause them to be cut asunder, through the oblique Lines, Flourifiics, or Devices; shall be lent to and shall cause one Duplicate to be transmitted to the Pevfon or Officer named therein, to whom the Money the Person shall be made payable, and the other Dupl cate to be transmitted to the Receiver General of the Land Tax, named therein, Colie&orof the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Cietk of the Checque, to whom the same shall be addrcflVd; Receiver-1^ -

and if the Duplicate of such Bill shall be produced by the Person or Officer to whom the lame shall be made General, &cl payable, to such Rtceiver-Gejieral of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or who Audi on Clerk of the Checque, to whom the same shall be addressed. within Six Calendar Months from the Date thereof, Pitxiu&ionofthd he shall carefully examine the fame with the Duplicate transmitted to him as aforesaid; and being hushed of the other Duplicate Authenticity thereof, and of the Identity of the Person or Officer producing the same to him, he shall imme- contained* diately pay the Sum mentioned therein to such Person or Officer, without Fee or Reward, or Deductionon any, therein.

Pretence whatever, taking a Receipt for such Payment on the Back of the Bill; which Bill, and the Duplicate

thereof, being transmitted by the Person who shall pay the same to the Treasurer of the Navy, shall be immediately

repaid by the said Treasurer to such Receiver General, Colic&or of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or

Clerk of the Cnecque, or his Order; and the Payments thus made by the said Treasurer of the Navy, on

account of Marine Officers Half Pay, shall be re-allowed him out of the Monies iffiud to the said Paymaiier;

but in case the Duplicate of any such Bill shall not be so produced, and Payment thereof demanded within Six

Calendar Months from the Date thereof, then the said Rtceiver-General o' the Land Tax, Co.lector of the

Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Checque, shall return the Duplicate thertof in his Hands to

the said Treasurer or Paymaster at their respective Offices in London, who fh?W cause the Line to be cancelled;

and thereupon the Sum contained in such B 11 shall become payable to the Person or Officer in whoft Favour it

was drawn, or to the respective lawful Representatives, in case of the Death of such Person or Officer, in the same Manner as if such Bill had never beeu issued.

V. Provided always, and belt further enacted, That if any Receiver-General of the Land Tax, Collector of Receiver-Gen*-.the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Checque, to whom the Duplicate of any tuch Bill shall ^'r&o ld^betendered for Payment, shall cot have in his Hands Publick Monies sufficient to answer the fame, and if: all for j}' |J^e that Reason refuse or delay the immediate Payment thereof, such Receiver-General of the Land Tax, Collector Dmp of it* being of the Customs, Collectqr of the Excise, or Clerk of the Checque, shall immediately indorse on the said Duplicate tendered, in case the Date of its being so tendered to him, and the Cause of his Refusal or Delay to pay the same, a?d shall he has not Pub-appoint thereon for the Payment of the fame some future Day, within the Space of One Month at the farthcll from its being so first tendered to him as aforesaid; and such Duplicate, with the Indorsement thereon, shall be*Bill, &c. immediately delivered back to the Person or Officer presenting the fame; and if upon Complaint made to the indappoint*respective Commissioners appointed or to be appointed to manage the said several Duties of Land Tax, Cutloms, Day of Payment or Excise, or to the Commissioners of the Navy if the Person complained of be a Clerk of the Checque, it shall within a Mouth, appear that such Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or penajf on Clerk of the Cnecque, hath unneceflariiy or wilfully refused or delayed the Payment of such Bill, or dirtily or perfcru delaying intfire&Iy, by himself or any Person under him, received or taken any Fee, Reward, Gratuity, Discount, or Payment unn*-lXduwiioa whatsoever, on account of the Payment of the fame, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Three ceifaily, &c.

or

712

On Cert: n<*t<» of Infirmity heutg produced, the Kretiver-Geuc-ral, Bee. autko-ri/cd to pay ike Cements of the Bill to the Order of the Person entitled.

Assignments of

Allowances and Halt Pay void.

Letters and

Packets to be free otTufugt.

v©5 G.Q. c. 05.

IWls paid by the Treasurer, &c. 'shall be sufficient 'Voncbtrs.

Tuni fitment for personating Parties entitled to Pcnfjons, 14 Years Tran .-porution.

Punishment for

'forpnjj Bills or ^Certificates, &c. -14 Years 'Transportation.

Hills ancf Certificates, &c. eaemprcd trom Jnamp Duties.

C. 45, 46. 4-9° GEORGII in A.D. 1809.

or more of the said Commissioners to convict and fine the Person under their Direction so tfficnditip, in any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, according to the Nature and Degree of the Offence; and Itich Fine shall be levied and recovered in such and the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposee, as any Penalty or Fine may be lrwd and recovered for any Offence against the Lawaof Customs or Excise; and the said Fine, when recovered, shall be paid to the Informer or Informers.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if such Person or Officer to whom the Remittance Bill shall be made payable, shall be respectively prevented and disabled by bodily Infirmity from appearing in Person before the said Receiver-General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Chccquej and such bodily Infirmity being properly and satisfactorily certified by the Minister and a Churchwarden or Elder of the Parish where such Person or Officer shall reside, or by the Physician, Surgeon, or Apothecary attending him, then and in such'C tfe, the Sum contained in such Bill 111 all be paid to the Order in Writing of such Person or Officer, upon producing and giving up to such Receiver-General of the Land Tax, Colltftor of the Custom, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Checque, such Certificate of bodily Infirmity as aforesaid, together with a Duplicate of the said Bill, and a proper Receipt on the Back of the fame, signed by the Person or Officerk. whose Favour the-Bill shall have been drawn, and witnessed by the Person who shall receive the Money.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Assignmeots, Bargain*, Sales, Orders, Contrafti, Agreement!, or Securities whatsoever, which shall be given or made by any Person entitled to any such Allowance, or by any Half Pay Officer of Royal Marines, relating to such Allowances, or to their Half Pay, shall be absolutelj null and void, to all Intents and Purposes.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Letters and Packets sent by the Direction of the Treasurer of the Navy in carrying this Act into Execution, shall be free from the Duty of Postage, and shall be transmitted under "Covers, with the Words " Pursuant to Act of Parliament Forty-ninth of George the Third, 91 printed upon the fame; and shall be transmitted by the Person appointed to fend Letters and Packets under the Authority of an Act passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for efabl'shing a moreeafy and expeditious Method for the pun final and frequent Payment of the Wages and Pay of certain Officers belonging to'His Mafflys Navy, under and subject to the same Rules, Regulations, and Penalties, as are prescribed by the said-Act, with respect to the Letters and Packets thereby authorized to be feet free of the Duly of Postage.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all and every such Remittance Bill and Remittance Bills herein-before directed to be made out, and which shall be paid by the Treasurer of the Navy or Payirafter of Marine ia Manner as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken as good and sufficient Vouchers to the Treasurer of the Navy and Paymaster of Marines, for so much Money as shall have been so directd to be paid on such Bill or Bills respectively, and as shall have been so paid by either of them thereon, and shall be allowed as such in passing their respective Accounts.

X. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person shall wilfully and knowingly prrfonate, or falsely assume the Name or Character of, or procure any other Person to personate, or falsely to aflame the Name or Character of any Person entitled, or supposed to be entitled, to any such Allowance aforesaid, or of any Officer of the Royal Marines on Half Pay as aforesaid, in order to receive such Allowance or Halt Pay, or any Part thereof, every such Person so offeading, and being lawfully confided thereof, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and may be transported for such Period, not exceeding Fourteen Years, as the Court shall adjudge.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall knowingly and wilfully forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully ad or assist in forging and counterfeiting, the Name or Hand-writing of any Person or Officer entitled to any such Allowance, or to such Half Pay, or of any Person or Persons required by any Rules or Regulations made under and by Virtue of th*a Act, to sign any Remittance Bill, Certificate, Voucher, or Receipt in relation to the Payment of any such Allowance or Half Pay, for and in order to the receiving or obtaining any Money on any such Allowance or Half Pay; or shall utter as true any false, forged, or counterfeited Remittance Bill, Certificate, Voucher, or Receipt, knowing the same to befjrged or counterfeited, with an Intention to defraud any Person whatsoever, every such Person so offending, being thereof lawfully convded, shall be and he is hereby declared and adjudged to be guilty of Felony; and may be transported for such Period, not exceeding Fourteen Years, as the said Court shall adjudge.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all Orders, Certificates, Vouchers, Remittance Buis, and Receipt?, for or relating to any such Allowance or Half Pay as aforesaid, shall be free from all Duties of Stamps, and be good, valid, andetfeftual, although the same shall not have been damped; any Thing in any Ad contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XLVI.

rf» g. 0. c. 4.28.

an G. 3. c. «23.

§a.

An Act to authorize the Principal Officers of the Customs in the British Colonies and Plantations in America and the West Indies to examine Witnesses on Oath.

[12th May 1809.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present intituled,

An Act for regulating the Production of Manifejls, and for more effectually preventing fraudulent PraSicts in obtaining Bounties and Drawbacks, and in the clandestine relanding of Goods, the Surveyor-General or Surveyors General of the Customs in the Port of London, upon Examinations and Inquiries relative to the Revenue 0* 4 Customs, and to the Cmduft of the Officers employed therein, are authorized to examine all Persona who may ?opear before them upon Oath; and the like Power is also given to the Collectors and Comptrollers of the Customs at the O11NPorts of Great Britain, by an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of His Majesty's Reign, iLtituicd, An Act for the further Regulation of the Colic Sion of tht Duties of Customs in Great Britain in

certain

A.D. 1809.

49 GEORGII III.

C. 46, 47. 713

' certain Cases: And Whereas it is expedient, that upon the like Examination* and InquJriea to be made by or before the Collector and Comptrollers of any of the Ports in the British Colonic* and Plantations in America and the West Indies, or by or before such other Person or Persons as the Commissioners of the Customs in*England for the Time being shall deem fit and proper, to examine and inquire into Matters relative to the Revenue of Customs and other Duties, and respect'ng the Condtift of the Principal Officers, and any Officer- whatever employed under them, in the British Colouies and Plantations in America and the West Indies, and shall or may from Time to Time appoint for the Purpose of making any such Examinations and Inquiries, the like Power to examine all Persons who may appear before them upon Oath, should be given to the said Collectors and Comptrollers, and such other Person or Persons aforesaid respectively Be it therefore crafted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all and each and every Person and Persons who shall be examined as a Witness or Witnesses, on any Enquiry directed by the Commissioners of the Customs in England for the Time beingr, or any Four or more of them, to be made in America or the West Indies, relative to His Majesty* Rtvcnue of Customs or other Duties there, or to the Conduit of the Officers employed in the Collection 'hereof, by or before any Collector and Comptroller of the Customs or either of them, at or belonging to any Port in the Brit'Jl) Colonies and Plantations in America or the West Indies* or by or before such other Person or Persons as shall be appointed by the said Commissiontrs, or any Four or more of them, for the Purpose aforesaid, shall and they are hereby respectively required to deliver his, her, or their Testimony on Oath, to be administered by the said Officer or Officers, or the said other Person or Persons so appointed as aforesaid, respectively, who shall examine him* her, or them, or before whom he, she, or they shall be examined as aforesaid, and such Officer and Officers, and Person or Persons respectively, are hereby authorized to admmiiter such Oath accordingly.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whomsoever shall be convicted of making a false Oath touching any of the Falls directed or required by this Act to be testified on Oath, or of giving false Evidence on his, her, or their Examination on Oath as aforesaid, by or before any Collector and Comptroller of the Customs, of, at, or belonging to any Port in the Wfl Indies or America, or either of them, or such other Person or Persons appointed as aforesaid, in conformity to the Direction of this Act, such Person or Persons so convicted as atorrsaid shall be deemed guilty of Perjury, and shall be liable to the Pains and Penalties to which Persons are liable for wilful and corrupt Perjury.

On Inquire < in America <?r 1)* West Indies, relative to die Duties of Cultoins, Testi-ntony shall he given cm Oath before the Collectors, ke.

l'ersons making a false Oath lh&fl be guilty of Perjury.

CAP. XLVII.

An Act to permit certain Articles, the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of Europe, to be laden and shipped on board Ships arriving with British North American Produce, and Fish taken by Settlers in the British North American Colonies, at any Port of Europe, in order to be exported to the principal Ports in the British Colonies and Plantations in North America.

[12th May 1809.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Permission granted by an Act of the Forty-sixth Year of the Rngn

4 of Hi* present Majesty, for allowing an Intercourse between the Colonies of His Majesty in North 46G. 3. C. n«.

America and Malta and Gibraltar, should be extended to other Parts of Europe; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lord- vSpiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Fruit, Wine, ie.

passing of this Act any Fiuit, Wine, Oil, Salt, or Cork, the Produce of any Part of Europe South of Cape the ProItu'-of

Fin'Jlcrre, may be shipped and laden in any Port or P.ace whatever in such Parrs of Europe for Exportation Eurejn* SoniV>f

direct to the several Ports hereafter mentioned; that is to say, the Port of St. John'* in the Province of New h3po 1 iinil.-n

Brunswicl, St. John's in the Island of Newfoundland, Quebec in the Province of Canada, Sydney in the lllar.d TxVVtaiiln

of Case Breton, Halifax and Shelburn in the Province of Nova Scotia, and Charlotte Town in Prince Edward thrnre, til reel

Eland, all in North America, on board any British Ship or Vessel owned, navigated, «nd registered according to 1 be fm-rul North

Law, which shall have arrived at such Port or P<ace in Europe with Articles of the Growth or Produce of the Amnican Port*

said Colonies, or with Fish taken and cured by His Majesty's Subjects carrying on the Fisheries from any of the lir, ci"

said Colonies or Plantations, or from Great Britain or Ireland: Provided always, that upon the Arrival of such \j7, -is

Ship or VeflVi in any Port of Europe with any such Cargo as aforesaid, the Mailer or other Person having or W), }1 , intj'b

taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel shall make Oath before the British Cotilul there resident, American Pro-

or if there shall be no British Consul there resident, then before Two known British Merchants there resident, rfwe, «I nb,

(which Oath he and they respectively is and are hereby authorized and required to adnvnifter), that the whole J- v» the Tnuh

Cargo of such Ship or Vessel is entirely ^he Growth and Produce of the said British Colonies, or the Produce Ji^"*1*

of the British Ftlheries in North America really and bond side taken and cured by His Majestys Subjects carrying v 1

on the said Fisheries from some or one of the said Colonies or Plantations, or from Great Britain or Ireland and iuuc Uadi, tc,

before the said ship or Vtficl shall clear out from such Port or Place in Europe for any of the several enumerated

Ports in the British Colonies in North America, the Master or other Person having the Charge of such Ship or

Vtfiel shall, in like Manner, make Oath before Rich Person or Persons as aforesaid, (which Oath such Person or Persons are hereby authorized to administer), that the several Articles the Produce of Europe* shipped on

board such Ship or Vessel, have been so shipped in return for the Cargo of Articles of Produce of the Britishs

North American Colonies, or of the Fisheries carried on from theuce, prtviously brought by such Ship or Vessel to

such Port or Place in Europe as afor* said.

II. And be it further enacted, That upon the Importation of the said Articles, the Produce of Europe, into ArarW*«.n im-the several Ports before enumerated, the same shall be subject and liable to the Payment of Inch Duties as Goods )*>muon of the like Denomination or Descriptiun are now subject and liable to, upon bang legally imported into the said tu DutD several Ports.

49 Geo. III. 4Z HE And

7.14

N* Good* but fiv: b as before enumerated shall be exerted, &c. on Fain of Forfeiture, except JEuropcan Salt, or British Goods for the British Fisheries of Nova Scotia, &c. and Wines of the Madeiras.

Seizures under this Act may be made by any Ottt ctr of the Customs, &c.

4ft G. 3. C. 150. §28. as to

Bounties to Persons voluntarily enrolling tlif'inselves repealed; except as to Members of Volunteer Corps.

Heritors may give a Bounty of Two Guineas .10 Volunteers.

48 G. 3. C. 150.

5h. requiring Bounties to be affVfled on Parilltes, ftpcaied.

C. 47, 48.. 49° GEORGII III. A.D. 1809.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of Europe, except such as are herein before enumerated, shall be laden and flipped on board any such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, in order to be exported to any of the said several other Porte before enumerated, or to any other Port or Place whatever to His Majesty belonging, or which shall hereafter belong ta or be in the P.oflession of His Majesty, His Heir9 and Successors, in Ada, Africa, or America, all such Good*, Wares, and Merchandize, together with the Ship or Vessel in or on board which the same shall be laden or shipped, and all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Appare', shall be forfeited: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall subject to Forfeiture any Salt, the Produce of Europe, intended for the Uleof the British Fishrrie9 of Nuva Scotia, Newfoundland, or Quebec, shipped in any Part of Europe whatever; or any Goods fit and necessary for the Fishery in any of the British Colonies or Plantationsin America, being the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain or Inland, or of the Islands of Guernsey and Jersey, shipped and laden in the said Islands respectively, by any of ttie Inhabitants thereof; or any Wines of the Growth of the Maiicirat or the Western I (lands of Azores, shipped and laden at those Places respectively, the said Goods, Wares, aoi Merchandize resprft; vely being shipped and laden according to the Laws in force, on and immediately before the passing of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That any Ship or Vessel, or any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, subjrft to Forfeiture under the Provisions of this Act, drill and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs in the said Colonies or Plantations respectively, or by the Commander of any of His Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, and the same shall and may be prosecuted, sued for, recovered, and divided in the same Manner and Form, and by the same Rules and Regulations, in all Respects as far as the same are applicable, as any other Forfeitwe imposed by any Act or A6L made for the Security of the Revenue, or for the Relation or Improv mrnc thereof, or for the Regulation of Ttade or Navigation, and which were in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act, may be prosecuted, sued for, recovered, and divided in any British Colony or Plantation in America.

CAP. XL VIII.

An Act: to nmend and render more effectual an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to establish a Permanent Local Militia Force in Scotland, under certain Restrictions for the Defence of the Realm.

[20th May 1809.]

"48 G. 3 . c. 150. recited; Deficiencies and Vacancies may be directed to be supplied by Order of Secretary of State ft without His Majesty's Warrant. § r. Volunteers allowed to enter whether any Bailor drtft.d or not, until tl Local Militia is complete. $ 2. Vacancies shall be filled up notwithstanding the Number of such Militia and " Volunteers exceed Six times the Quota of the Regular Militia. §3. But such Deficiencies shall not be sup-'* plied until the Number be reduced below the Proportion required. §4. Local Militia Men may enlifi into u the Regular Militia, [of their own County, See 49 G. 3. r. 129.] except during annual Training. $ <J.

Penalty on Officer, &c. enlisting a Local Militia Man during such P. riod of Training zzi §6. How Va-4' cancies by Promotion of Corporals and Serjeant?, and by enfilling, shall be filled up. $ 7. Deputy Lieute-u nants may make new Apportionments where req rifite. §3. Lieutenancy shall fix by Billot the Order in which " Divisions and Pariflus shall supply Deficiencies by Promotion of Privates to be Serjeants or Corporals. {9. Xi Deputy Lieutenants shall reginate inequalities ot Numbers in Divisions or Parishes. $ io.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That from and after the First Day of January Ore thousand eight hundred and ten, so much of the said Recited Act as cnafts, that any Person who shall voluntarily enroll himself to serve in the Local Militia under the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament (except Mrmbers of Volunteer Corps transferring themselves) shall be entitled to receive the Sum of Two Guineas, to be paid upon his Enrolment, over and above any Sum to which he may be entitled for Necessaries, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for the H'-^ors of any Pan(h, being Proprietors of Lands within the Parish to the Extent of at lead One hundred Pounus Scots of valued Rent appearng in the Land Tax Books of the County within which such Parish is fuuated, at any Meeting to beholden for that Purpose, to be called by any Two or more such Heritors, upon Notice to that Eficft given from the Pulpit on any Sunday at lead Five Days previous to such Meeting, to agree to give a Bounty tc any Persons voluntarily enrolling themselves in the Local Militia for such Parish, provided that such Bounty or Sum of Morey shall in no Case exceed the Sum of Two Guineas for each Person, to be paid upon Enrolment, exclusive of Neceflancs; and it shall and may be lawful for such Heritors to assess Sums equal to all such Bounties upon the Heritors within such Parish, in proportion to the valued Rent of every such Heritor within the Parish; and One Half of every Sum so affiflvd shall be paid by the Tenant or Tenants of the Land upon which the same shall be affiffid.

u Bounty to Persons enrolling in Local Militia shall be deducted from the Bounty, on enlisting into " the Line, within Twelve Months: and Half if within Two Years. §12.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament as enacts or requires that any Sums of Money advanced or paid for the Bounties of Two Guineas allowed by the said recited Act, to Persons voluntarily enrolling themselves in the Local Militia, or tranTerrng themlcWes from Volunteer Corps into the Local Militia, shall be assessed upon any Parishes in any County or Stewarty, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

u No Bounties to Members of Volunteer Corps, unless serving before this Act. §14. Volunteers transferred into Local Militia shall not be liable to serve in Regular Militia. §15. Officers commanding Volunteers ff transferred into Local Militia shall retain their Commands. §16, Lieutenant'CoioncU-Commandant shall

" command

A.D. 1809. 49° GEORGII III. ^'4^49)5* 7*

f< command Lieutertant-Colonels. §17. Rank of Yeomanry Officers, and Officer* of Local Militia. §18.19.

Vice-Lieutenant* may grant Commission*. §20. No Scamp Duty on Commissions in Local Militia, f 21. Bill* 4t for Pay and Allowance to, and for remitting Money on account of, Local Militia, &c. may be drawn on unstamped 4t Paper. §22. Where Towns in the County, &c. do not afford Accommodation for quartering Local Militia, f< they may be marched into an adjoining County. §23. Adjutants and Non-commissioned Officers of Local t( Militia may train Regular Militia Men until marched to their Regiment. §24. [But fee 49 G. 3. c. 82. §2. J 'Colonels may appoint Quarter Mailers of Regiments of Local Militia. §25. Qualification for Officers of M [LocalI Militia may be m any Part of Great Britain, } 26. [See 49 G.j. c. 82. §3.] Serjeants, &c. of Local Militia not to be allowed to enlill in Regulars without Consent of Commanding Officer. §27. Men ' shall not change their Regiments on removing from One Part of the County to another. §28.. Men shall not 4i remove while the Regiment is assembled. §29. Local Militia shall not be subject to Mutiny Act, unless when f4 receiving Pay or embodied, §30. This Act and recited Act shall be construed as One Ad. §31. Act may* be altered this Session. §32.

[See 49G* 3. c. 40. for the Local Militia of England, as to the SeElions here abridged.3

CAP. XLIX.

An Act to authorize His Majesty to permit, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, any Goods and Commodities to be imported into and exported from Nova Scotia and Nc7v Brvnfiuicky in any Ship or Vessel whatsoever.

[2ot^ May 1809.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty-seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, an Act for K permitting, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Importation of certain enumerated Articles into the Bntifii Colonies on the Continent of North America from the United States of America, and the Exportation of other enumerated ArtiJes from the same Colonies to the said States, it was enod-d, that it should be lawful in any Britfffj Ship owned and

navigated according to Law, or any Ship belonging to any of the Subjects of the United Stare* of America,

to import from the said State* into such Port* as should be specially appointed for th3t Purpose by H a

Majesty, within the Province of Nova Scotia or New Brunswick. certain Articles enumerated in the said Act;

a d that it should be lawful in any such Ship to export from the said Port so to be appointed to the said United

States, certain Articles in the said Act also enumerated, subj: d to certain Provssions and Regulations therein % contained and provided: And Whereas it is expedient to authorize the Importation to and Exportation from f the Provinces of Nova Scotia and New Brunswich of any Articles in any Ships or Vessels, under certain Li-

mitationa and Rclfridionn Be it tnaded by the King's most Excellent Mij^fty. by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this pres-nt Parliament afTcmblrd, and by the Authority of the same, That, from a^d after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful, in any Ship o' Vessel in any Manner ownrd or navigated, to import into and export from any Port or Port9 within the Province of Nova Scotia or New Brunswick, which shall be specially appoir.ttd for that Purpose by Ills M^jcfiy by Order in Council, any Goods or Commodities which His Majesty by Order in Council shall specially authorize and allow to be so imported and exported respectively, any Law to the contrary not*ithllanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by ?iu\ with the Advice cf His Privy Council, to make such Rules and Regulations for the Importation and Exportation of Goods and C im-fnodit'cs as aforesaid, with such Penalties and Forfeitures for ttie Breach thereof a* shall leem fit and irec.flaiy to His Majesty by and with the Advice aforesaid.

t Continuance of Act 23 March 1812. §3.

47 G.o. c.a§4

Any Goods may be imported into and exported from .Nova Scotia or Near HrunlWk in any Slips whatever, under Order in Council.

His MajesK in Council may make Hr^uia-tioJis for that rurpulV.

IT G. .1. c.

§ i-J. t>(>.

CAP. L.

An Act to amend so much of an Act made in the Thirty-Lventh Year of Ills present Mijofly, for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties, as relates to the Limitation according to which the Discount on Newspapers is regulated.

[20th May JS09.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of 11 is present Majesty, int'tnled,

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on the fever a I Matters therein mentioned, and for

better feeuring the Duties on Certificates to be taken out by Solicitors, Aliornies, and others praftfing in certain ' Courts of jfufiice in Great Britain, it was amongd other Things eiuded, that certain Allowances by way

of Discount should be paid for every Newspaper which should be sold at a Price not exceeding Sixpence, and also to Proprietors and Printers of Newspaoers under certain Circumstances, who Should not advance the Price of their Newspaper* above the then usual Price at which such Newspapers were fold, more than the Amount of the Duty by that Ad imposed thereon 1 And Whereas since the passing of the said recited Act, the Price ' of Paper and Expences oi Printing are very much increased, and it is therefore reasonable that the Price at

which the Allowances mentioned in the said recited Act shall be granted, should be further extended; ' B? it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lord*

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament adembled and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Stamp Duties, and they are hereby required to make the Allow, anct* by way of Discount in the said recited Act, dirtded to be made to the Proprietors and Printers of Newspaper*, or Papers containing Publick News, Intelligence, or Occurrence*, notwithstanding such Proprietor! ,

tad Printer* shall have advanced or shall advance the Price of their Papers; provided the same shall not have been ^Vril /oV or shall not be advanced more than One Halfpenny, above the Price at which they were entitled to the Allow. / Newi^er be aacetof such Discount as aforesaid, under the said recited Act. raised Jd.

Pifcoimt shall be allowed under recited A fit

716 C. 51, 52, 55.

49° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1809.

Comim (Honors iinrtcr rented Acts empowered to invert igate the Palavers ar.cl Arrears cl FiiMick Accountants.

49 G. ft. c. 4.

Number of Militiii equal to One Half of the original Quotas of Militia in England and Scotland under 4Q G. 3.C. 90, 91 shall be ra'.fed before 1 Qa, 1810.

Till 1 June 1810, Volunteers may be raised for Militia by Bcot of Drum.

CAP. LI.

An Act to continue until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and ten, and amend certain Ada for appointing Commissioners to inquire into the Fees, Gratuities, PerquiCtes, and Emoluments received in several Publick Offices in Ireland; to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the fame, and into the Mode of receiving, collecting, issuing, and accounting for Publick Money in Ireland.

[20th May 1809.

44 G. 3. c. 106. continued by 45 G. 3. c. 65. and as continued and amended by 47 G. 3. Sef. 1. c. 41. further " continued. §1.

II. 4 And Whereas various Charges are set forth in the Publick Accounts of Ireland, of Balaocesdueby Persons entrusted with the Receipt, Custody, or Collection of His Majesty's Revenues there, and several Sums appear in the said Accounts to be in Arrear / Be it further enacted, That the Commissioners appointed uoder the said recited Acts shall and they sure hereby empowered and required to proceed as Toon as may be to invefli-gate and examine into all Balances and Arrears due unto His Majesty, for or on account of any Sum or Sums received for his Use, and into ail Arrears of any Revenue, Tax, Charge, or Imposition, remaining or aliedged to remain due or unpaid, and to settle and ascertain the fame, and to state separately such Parts of such Balancti and Arrrars, as shall appear to them insolvent, and for the Recovery of which they (halt not think it adviseable that legal Process should be instituted or continued, with their Reason for so thinking, set forth in each Case, and in like Manner to (late separately all the other Parts of such Balances and Arrears which they shall not deem insolvent, with their Opinions as to the Means which ought to be pursued, and against whom and ia what Manner for the Recovery of each j and also such general Rules or Regulations as they may think proper to be adopted, for keeping down all such Balances and Arrears in future, and for the more easily ascertaining from Time to Time such Parts thereof as may be insolvent, and recovering all the other Parts with the leak Delay and Expence.

Powers of recited Acts extended to this Act. §3. Irish Treasury may issue 4, 000l. in addition to formir Sums for the Purposes of this Act. §4. Continuance of Act lit August 1810. §5.

CAP. LII.

An Act for raffing the Sum of Six Millions, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and nine.

[20th May 1809.]

41 Treasury may raise 6, 000, 000l. by Exchequer Bills, as under 48 G. 3. c. 1. — Payable out of the first Supplies in the next Session. §1, 2, 3. Interest of 3\d. per Cent, per Diem. §4. Said Exchequer Bills shall be current at the Exchequer after April 5, 1810. §5. Bank of England may advance 6, 000, 000l. on Credit of this 4 Ad. §6.

CAP. LIII.

An Act for completing the Militia of Great Britain.

[27th May 1809.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to allow a certain Proper turn of the Militia of Great Britain to enlijl voluntarily into the Regular Forces, a certain Proportion of the Militia serving in Great Britain is allowed to enlist into His Majesty's Regular Forces, under certain Provisions and Restrictions: And Whereas it is necessary that such Increase of the Regular Forces should not diminish the Militia, but that the Militia should be forthwith completed, and it is expedient for that Purpose that Men should be allowed to be raised for the Militia, by Beat of Drum, for a limited Time, and that at the Expiration of thit Time the Remainder of the Men to be raised and enrolled under this Act should be raised by Ballot : May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That on or before the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and ten, there shall be raised and levied in Great Britain, in the several Counties of England and Scotland respectively, a Number of Private Militia Men, equal to One Half of the original Quotas of Private Men specified in Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Militias of England and Scotland respectively; and in another Act passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better ra 'sing and ordering the Militia Forces of the Tower Hamlets, in the County of Middle fere, relating to the Mditia of the Tower Hmiett.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, and until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and ten, it shall be lawful for His Majesty's Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants, and the Colonels and Commanding Officers of the Regiments of Regular and Local Militia of Great Britain, and the Commissioned Officers and Non-commissioned Officers of the Regiments of Regular and Local Mtiitia, duly authorized by their respective Commanding Officers for the Time being, by Beat of Drum, or otherwitr, in their respective Counties, or adjoining Counties, to raise Volunteers for the Regiments of Regular Militia of the Counties to which they respectively belong, for the completing the Number of Men required to be ratftd and enrolled under this Act, any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding; and every Volunteer so raised as aforesaid, shall take the Oath required to be taken by Subthtutes in the Militia, which Oath shall and may be administered by any Person respectively authorized to administer Oaths to Pvrlonj enrolled in the Militia, or by any Justice of the Peace, or Deputy-Lieutenant for the County io which such

6 Volunteer!

A.IX 1809. 49° GEORGII III. C. 53.

Volunteers shall have been ratted, or in which the Regiment for which he shall have been raised, shall be at the

Time of his joining such Regiment.

Ilf.Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no such Volunteer shall have more than One Child born in Wedlock; and all the Provisions, Restrictions, Regulations, Penalties and Clauses contained in any Act relating to the Militia as to Substitutes in relation to their Families, and also as to the Families of Substitutes in the Militia* and as to the making Provision for such Families, and as to any false Representation or Declaration made in respect thereof, shall extend and be applied as to such Volunteers as fully and effectually as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in and made Part of this Act

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Colonels or Commanding Officers for the Time being, of the several Regiments of Militia for which any Men shall be so raised as aforesaid, shall, at the Expiration of every Month from the Commencement of enlisting such Volunteers as aforesaid, transmit to the Clerks of General Meetings of their respective Counties, and where the Men of more Counties than One are united to form any Regiment of Militia, then Duplicates to each of such Counties, Certificates of the Number of Men raised for their resp Ctve Regiments, according to the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (A.) and a like Certificate within Seven Days after the said First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and ten, of the Men raised since the last Certificate and the said First Day of June.

V. And be it further enacted, That a Sum not exceeding Twelve Guineas shall be allowed and paid in respect of every Man who shall be provided or raised as a Volunteer by Beat of Drum or otherwise, under the Provisions of this Act as aforesaid, and such Part of such Sum shall be applied towards the Expences of procuring the Volunteers, and the remaining Part as a Bounty to the Volunteers, and such Bouoty shall be paid or applied to the Use of every such Man at such Times and Places, and in such Proportions as to any Advance of any Part thereof, and in such Manner, and under and subjcA to such Regulations and Restrictions as His Majesty shall by any Order of His principal Secretary of State, by any Regulations from Time to Time made in that Behalf, be pleased to order and direct; and it shall be lawful for the Lords Commi Hi me rs of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, to order any Receiver-General in England, or Collector of the Ccfs io Scotland\ to advance and pay any Sum or Sums of Money for or in respect of any such Bounties, or any Advances in respect thereof as may be necessary, out of any Publick Monies in their H-mds, or received or receivable by them out of any Rates and Duties under the Management of the Commissionera for the Affairs of Taxes; and all Monies paid under any such Orders as aforesaid shall be good and valid, and be allowed to all such Rectivers-General or Collectors of Ctfs in their Accounts.

VI. And be it further enacted, when and so soon as the Returns of Men who shall have enlisted into His Majesty's Regular Forces under the Provisions of the said recited Act of this Session of Parliament, at the Expiration of the several Periods in the said Act specified for enlisting, where the Regiment of Militia has been from only one County, shall have been respectively made, the Lieutenant and Deputy Lieutenants shall assemble from Time to Time in General Meetings which shall be called and held for that Purpose, in case no other General Meetings shall be at such Times about to be held, for carrying into Execution the Acts relating to the Militia, and where a Regiment of Militia is compoled of Muitia Men ballotted from Two or more Counties io Scotland, the Clerks of Lieutenancy of the said Counties shall meet at the Place where the Michaelmas Head Court is held in that County, from which the greatest Number of Militia Men had been ballotted for the Regiment, on Notice given by the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants of the said County, to the Clerk of Lieutenancy of the other County or Counties aforesaid, Fourteen Days at the least previous to such Meeting of the Clerks of Lieutenancy, and the said Lieutenant and Deputy Lieutenants, or Clerks of Lieutenaucy respedivdv, shall at such Meeeting, and they are hereby required to ascertain and fix by Ballot, the Order in which the Vacancies occasioned by Men enlitted into His Majesty's Regular Forces shall be filled up for the several Parishes and Hundreds respectively, and shall cause Lifts to be made out of the Men who shall have volunteered into His Majesty's Regular Forces, and of the Parishes to which they respectively belonged, and to be entered in the Order in which the Names shall have been drawn by Ballot, and in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (B.); and all the Men enrolled for the Militia under thi«j Ad shall be from Time to Time entered and placed to the different Parishci in the Order in which the Names of Men (land on such Lifts in Succession according to the Dates of their respective Enrolments; and all Men so entered and placed to such Parishes shall thenceforth be deecred to belong to such Parishes, as to any Relief of any Families of such Men, or thereafter supplying of any Vacancies, in like Manner as if such Men had been provided as Substitutes or Volunteers for such Parishes respectively.

VII. And be it enacted, That after the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and ten, it (hell not be lawful for any Colonel or Commanding Officer or other Officer, or Nou-commissioned Officer of Regular or Local Militia, to raise any Volunteers by Beat of Drum or otherwise under this Act, unless the same shall be specially authorized by His Majesty, by Order of one of his Principal Secretaries ot State, but all Deficiencies then remaining shall be raised by Ballot, or as Volunteers to be provided by the Churchwardens or Overseers of tht Poor of the Parishes in England* and by any Heritor or Heritors of Parishes in Scotlands in Manner allowed by this Act; and every Colonel, Commanding Officer, or other Officer or Non-commissioned Officer of Regular or Local Mtliua, who shall thereafter raise any Man in such Manner, shall be subject, in respect of all Men so raised, to all the Penalties contained in any Act or Acts relating to the Militia for enlisting Men, as fully as if this Act had not passed.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in every County in which on the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and ten any Deficiencies shall remain to be supplied, and also in case His Majesty shall deem it necessary that a Ballot shall commence for the completing the Militia, the Lieutenant and Deputy-Lieutenant shall, at General Meetings to be held for that Purpose, determine whether any Apportionments or new L fts

arc

717

Provisions of Aifts as to Families of Sl»bftit»H08 extended to such Volunteers.

Colonels shall transmit to Clerk of General Meeting Mom lily Certificate*, &c. of Men raised. (Schedule A.)

Bounty not exceeding 12 Guineas to Volunteers under such Kes^ulatioai as His Majesty shall direct.

Liememnry shall fix by Ballot the Order in which Vacancies ari/ing by Enlistment under 49.G.3. c. 4. shall be filled up, and cause Lifts to be made out of Men enlisted, and of their Parishes: Men enlisted foe Militia shall be placed to such Parishes for Relief of Families. (Schedule B.)

After June 1, IS 10, raising Volunteers by Beat of Drum shall ccafc.

In case of Deficiencies on April 1, 1810, or if His Majesty shall order a Ballot t« coia-

718

mence, Lieu* tenant* shall make Apportionment*,

amend Lifts, &c.

Before ary 'Ballot, Lieutenant y shall apportion Men actually enrolled.

: Ballot in SnlutivWiun 'Meetings.

'Not lee of 'Ballots,

Mode of Ballot.

Appeal.

Notice of Ballot,

Brrfti Ballon for Deficiencies, &c.

Penalty on Per-fotv? balloted (»"\rcpt Quakers) not trrving or providing Substitute, aol.

Bounty to portions balluttnl or to Subitum e.lol. los. Irom 1 June to 1 Sept. 1810.

C.J3. 49° GEORGII III. A.D. 1809.

are necessary for the proceeding to ballot either to supply such Deficiencies or to complete the Militia in thdr respective Counties, ind shall, in case the same shall be necessary, appoint Subdivision Meeting, and such General and Subdivision Meetings shall proceed to make such Apportionments, and to cause new Lifts to be made out and returned, or old Lifts to be amended, and to do all other Acts, Matters, and Things, which may be necessary fnr carrying the fame into execution under the Provisions of the several Ada in Force in relation te the Militia: Provided always, that all such Apportionments shall be made, according to the Proportion of the original Quota of Militia Men raised in any County; and provided further, that for the Purpose of making such Apportionments, where a Regiment of Militia Men shall be composed of Militia Men ballotted from Two of more Counties in Scotland, the Clerks of Lieutenancy of the said Counties shall meet at the Place where the Michaelmas Head Court is held in that County from which the greatest Number of Militia Men bad been ballotted for the Regiment, on Notice given by the Lieutenant or Deputy-Lieutenant of the said County, to the Clerk of the Lieutenancy of the other County or Counties aforesaid, Fourteen Days at the least previous to such Meeting, and such Clerk3 of Lieutenancy so assembled shall apportion such Deficiencies among such Counties, according to the Proportion of the original Quota of Militia Men ballotted in such Counties respectively, Regard being had to the Number of Men who may have beer, raised under this Act by any Heritor or Heritor* of any Parish in such Counties, and entered as raised in Discharge of such Parish from Ballot, as herein-before directed, and such Deficiencies, so apportioned by such Clerks among such Counties, shall thereupon be apportioned among the Parishes thereof in the Manner directed by this Act in the Case of any County raising withia itself a Regiment of Militia.

IX. And be it further enacted, That before any Ballot under this Act shall take place for the supplying of any Deficiencies which may remain to be supplied, the Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants assembled at any General and Subdivision Meetings to beheld for that Purpose shall respectively apportion the Number of Men actually enrolled and so entered as aforesaid, and the Deficiencies then remaining to be supplied among the Sub-divisions, Hundreds, and Pariftus of the respective Counties, and the Men then remaining deficient shall be raised by Ballot or otherwise according to the Provisions of this Act, by such Subdivisions, Hundreds, and Parishes, according to such Apportionment as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Clerks of General Meetings shall, within Seven Days after such Apportionments as aforesaid, transmit to the Clerks of Subdivision Meetings of their respective Counties, Ccr-tificates of the Number of Men enrolled, and the Number of Men deficient in the Militia, and which remain to be provided in the Hundreds or Parishes in which such Deficiencies exist, and the Deputy Lieutenants in their respective Subdivisions shall forthwith proceed to raise such Deficiences by Badot, under the Provisions of the Acts relating to the Militia; any Thing in an Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of Hii present Majesty to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted, That Notice shall be given by the Deputy Lieutenants, or Clerk of Sub-division Meetings, by affixing the fame on the Doors of the Churches or Chapels, or on other conspicuoui Places in the several Parishes within their respective Subdivisions, o( the Days, Times, 3nd Places appointed for Bailots under this Act, in their respi dl: ve Subdivisions; and the Names of the Persons liable to be ballotted shall publickly and in the Presence of any such Magistrates, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor a« choose to attend, be called over from the Lifts, and put into the Boxes or Glafies for balloting, and shall in like Manner be publickly drawn out, and the Names of the Persons so drawn shall be publickly called for, and be entered in i "Book by the Clerks of the Subdivision, or Persons appointed by tlum or the Deputy Lieutenants. for that Purpose; and such calling over of the Names, and ballotting for Persons to be enrolled under this Act, shall take place at the Days, Times, and Places appointed, and shall not commence before Ten of the Clock, nor continue longer than Six in the Evening; and if such ballotting shall not be complete in On- Morning, the Boxes fh j 11 be sealed with the Seals of any Two or more of the Deputy-L'eutenants ?nd the Clerk of the Meeting, and such Seals shall be broken, and the ballotting be finished in like publick Manner on the succeeding Day or Day*, or on any other Day to which such Ballot shall be adjourned.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Deputy Lieutenants in all Cases in which the same shall be rcceflary, shall appoint Days and Places for holding Meetings for htaring Appeals; and the Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings at which such Bal.ots shall have taken place, shall within Three Days transmit to the Constablts, Sc^oolmasters, or other Officers of the Parish-s within their Subdivisions, the Names of the Personi ballotttd therein rc(ptdlively, and such Constable or Schoolmaster shall thereupon give Notice to every such Person; by delivering the same to him or his Wife, or some Servant or Member of his Family, or leaving the fame at his usual or last Place of Abode; and it shall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants, and they art hereby required in all Cases in which Persons so ballotted shall make Default, or not find Substitutes, or shall defirt, or shall pav the Fine under this Act, to proceed to a fresh Ballot, and adjourn such Meeting, and dirt£l hke Notice to be given to the Persons ballotted, and appoint other Meetings in case the same shall be ntcefTuy for miking fresh Ballots, and until the full Number of Men required under this Act shall be enrolled to serve in the M htia.

XIII. And be it further ena&^d, That every Person chosen by Billot under this Act to serve in the Militia

!not being one of the People called Quakers) who shall refuse or negU6l to appear and take the Oith, and erve in the Militia, or to provide a Subtlitufe in Manner dirt&ed by the said Acts relating to the Militia of Great Britain, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be levied and recovered in Manner in the Act mentioned.

XIV. P ovided always, and be it further en?6led, That a Sum of Ten Guineas shall be allowed to every Pt-rfon ballotted and enrolled between the said First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and ten, and the First Day of September One thousand tii>ht hundred and ten, or if any Person ballotted within such Period shall provide a Substitute, or Hull have a Substitute provided for him, who shall be enrolled, then to the Substitute;

and

49° GEORGII III.

C. S3*

719

Churchwardens,

&r. may laiiV? Volume rn till 1 Sept. 1 h 10,

who fl ail liuve like Bounty.

Np Rates or Si.hfcripiion fl all he made for pnxruring Volunteer*.

ud such Bounty (halt be paid in such Proportions and at such Times and Place?, and in such Proportions as to finding any Necessaries, and as to any Advance of any Part thereof, as shall be specified in any Regulations made in that Behalf as aforesaid,

XV. Provided always and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of any Par to in England, and for any Heritor or Heritors of any Parisheu in Scotland, at any Time after the passing of this Act, and until the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and ten, to raise or provide any such Men as Volunteers as aforesaid, who shall be entitled to such Bounty of Ten Guineas as aforesaid, to be pffd and applied as aforesaid: Provided always that all Men so raiftd shall be entered as raffed for the Parish for which they shall have been provided, and in discharge of such Parish from Ballot for such Men KB shall be so raised.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor of any Parito, or any other Person or Persons, to make, raise, or levy any Rate or Rates, or any Subscription or Subscriptions, or Sum or Sums of Money, or to give, advance, or pro mile any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purpose of inducing any Person to enlist as a Volunteer as aforesaid; and every Churchwarden and Overseer of the Poor, and other Person, who shall h any Manner pay or give, or advance to or to the Use of any such Volunteer, or the Family of such Volunteer, any Sum or Sums of Money, or any Bounty, Gift, or Reward, or who shall promise any Sum or Sums of Money, or any Bounty, Gift, or Prward, other than such Bounty

as shall be allowed and paid as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds, Penally 2oh

to be recovered, ltvied, paid, and applied as any like Penalty may be recovered, levied, and applied under any Act or Acts relating to the Militia: Provided also, that it shall he lawful for any Overseer of the Poor of any Panto, Subsistence

out of any Rate in his Hjnds for the Relief of the Poor in England, and for any Colhdlor of the Crfa out of any Money to Men

Money in his Hands in Scotland\ to advance for the Subsistence of any Men raffed and provided for such Panto, ou dicii March.

during the March to his Regiment, any Sum not exceeding the Rate of Pay at Two Shidir-grf per Dcy, of so

many Days as would enable such Man to march from the Place where he was raised to such Regiment, to be

calculated at the Rate of not less than Ten M'les per Day, with the usual Number of halting Diys: Provided always, that all Sums of Money so advanced in resptdl of any M.-n that shall be approved and enrolled, shall be

repaid to such Overseer by the Officer appointed for receiving such Men, to be by such Ovtrfcers or Colic (ft ns

of the Ctfs carried to the Account of the Rates or Money from which the fame shall have been advanced

as aforesaid.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further ena£Td, That no Person so ballot ted and receiving such Sum of Prrfrns rrrrivmj Ten Guineas as aforesaid, shall be entitled to, or have or receive the Allowance of On- -hr.If of the current Price of a Volunteer, or any other Allowance under any Act of Parliament rela'ing to the Militia, by re2lon of his not being possesstd of any Ellate in Lands, Goods, or Money, of the clear Value of Five hundred Pounds; any Thing in any Act of Parlament relating to the Militia to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it further wdLd, That it shall not be lawful for any Deputy-Lieutenant to a; rtdl or permit any larger Sum of Money than shall be allowed in any Rules and Regu.ations made for the Application of such Sum or Bounty of Ten Guineas as aforesaid, to be paid to any Substitute ?.t the Time of his Enrolment, or before he shall actually join his Regiment; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament re.ating to the Militia notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall claim, or have or be entitled to any Exemption from being babotted to serve in the Muitia under this Act, by reason of any such Person being enrolled and serving in any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, unless such Person to dl have ?dt jally atte: dtd the usual Multer and Exercise of such Corps for the Number of Days required by an Adlp<ffd in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intffuled, An Act to consolidate and amend the Prow fens of the several Acts relating to Corps of Tcomanry and Volunteers in Great Britain, and to make further Regulations relating thereto; and it a'y Person who shall not have so a* tended according to the Provisions of the Lid recited Act, shall neverthe els claim any Exemption, such Perfor* shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum c.f Twenty Po r.ds, notwithstanding any such Person may have a Certificate of being an tff dl ve Member of hit* Corp3; and from and after the p .fling of this Act, no Certificate of any Commanding Officer of any Volunteer Corps shall be admitted by any Deputy-Lieutenant upon any such Claim of Exemption, unless such Certificate shall certdy the Number of Days on which the Person producing the same shall have attended the Muller or Exercise of his Corps, or beta tbfent from any justifiable Cause under the said recited Act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That ro Person toad be exempt from being ballot ted to serve in the Militia under this Act, by reason of any such Person having been ballotted or enrolled to be trained and exercised under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of H*s present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty annually to train and exercise a Proportion of His Suljcds in England, under certain Regulations, and more esse dually to provide for the Defence of the Realm, and no Officer on the Half Pay of any of His Majesty's Forces, and not hdtually serving in fornt* Regiment of Militia or Corps of Volunteers, shall, by r.-aion of holding any C.unmission from Hi* Mujcity on which he shall receive Half Pay, be exempt from being ballottt d to fe rve in the Militia under this Act, unless such Person shall have tendered liis Service to the Lord Lieutenant or Vice*

Lieutenant of the County in which he shall reside, either to serve as an Officer in the Militia or Local Mihiia. or in some Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, or shall be incapable of Service; any Tiling in any Act or Acts of Par iiament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further cm dl d, That from and after the paflrig of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Drptity-Lieutenants in their respective Subdivisions, Mid they are liertbv required, ai any Tune during the Period allowed for ballotting and enrolling Men under this Act, in case any Person ordered to be drawn out and embodied shall have made or shall make Default by not appearing! or by Dcfirtion or Absence from Duty, and (had not be

taken

Founty t.ot

entitled to Allow Anrc under 4 2(1. .3. c. 90.

§ 1M, Jvc. Share of Bounty to SuUtitHte before joining.

Members of Volunteer Corps not exempt, uni els tax ins' lervtul the lull

N timber of l>a\*> under 44 Cj.3. c. 54.

Perfi its lrdloted under Traiiht.g At

4<> G. !i. c. 90. not ex* nipt 5 nor Off«

uj>Mi I hilt Pay;

UfdriV. fell !n^r, or bavin; c-ib led toei\e, in Mdiiut,

If Pfr/bns or-dt re>i to he druw tjL out shall not Hppear,

vithiti 10 l)av«,

Vacincy trail* b© fdied up.

720

Return of Schedules of Men enrolled in each Subdivision.

(Schedule C.J

Raving for lyindon.

Hues for Deficiencies on J Oct. 5*10. 40l. per hUn.

In England, Colonels shall transmit to Quarter Sessions Certificates of Deficiencies, and the Sclfiona shall a fiefs 40l. per Man.

In Scotland, Colonels fimll tmnsmit Certificates of Defi-eieneirs to the Clerk ol Supply, and the Com-litiifioners shall afiVfs , ol per Man.

4; it; . 3. e. H9. (but fee 4y G.\j. c. 90.)

Court of Exchequer in Ei i "land may fine Counties, JVc. in 4oi. per Man for Deficiencies.

Like Power to

IxAiri of Exchequer in Scotland.

Wheti Men raised, Jiuilot attain ftdpended to 1 Jan. 1811. [BulJtt OO.J

C. 53. 49° GEORGII III. A.D. 1809.

taken within Ten Days from the Time of such Default, Desertion, or Absence, to declare a Vacancy, tod

forthwith to fill up the fame according- to the Provisiona of the said Aftsand this Act.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerks of Subdivision Meetings shall within Fourteen Day* after the Expiration of the Period allowed for enrolling of any Men in their respective Counties, make out and rtturn Two Schedules in the Form to this Act annexed, marked (C)Duplicates of each other, of the Numbenand Names of the Men enrolled in their Subdivision, and also of the Bounties received and applied, and Fine* paid by Persons ballotted to serve, and shall transmit such Schedules to the Clerk of General Meetings, who shall forthwith transmit one of such Schedules to one of His Majesty's principal Secretaries of State.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be con ft rued to extend to the City of London.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That every County, Hundred, and Parish, for which the full Number of Men required by this Act shall not have been enrolled before the said First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and ten, shall be subject to a Fine of Forty Pounds for every Man required to be ballotted and enrolled in such County, Hundred, or Parish remaining deficient.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the respective Colonels or other Commandants of the Regiment! of Militia in England shall, at the Expiration of the Period within which the Men required to be raised under ihu Act ought to have been enrolled within their respective Counties, transmit to the Justices of the Peace cr Magistrates assembled at the several General Quarter Sefti #ns of the Peace held for the respective Counties at the Quarter Srffions of the Peace next after such Period, Certificates of the Number of Men remaining deficient in their respective Regiments under the Provisi ^us of this Ac*, and the Just icef of the Peace cr tht Magfttra^i assembled at such Sessions shall at such Srffions assess the Penalty of Forty Pounds for each Private Man so certified to be deficient as aforesaid, and such Assessment shall be forthwith returned by the Clerk of the Peace to His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in England*

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the respective Colonels or other Commanding Officers of Mditia in Scotland shall, immediately after the Expiration of the refjptftve Periods within which the Numbers of M^n to be enrolled under this Act in their respective Counties, are required to be completed under the Provisions of this Act, transmit to the Clerk of Supply of the respective Counties to the M'.itia of which they belong, Certificate of the Deficiencies and Vacancies that remain to be filled up in their respective Regiments under this Act; and such Clerk < f Supply Hull forthwith summon a Meeting of the Commissioners of Supply, and the Commissioncn of Supply assembled at Inch Meeting shall aflVfs the Sum of Forty Pounds for each Private Men so certified to be deficient asalorcsaid, in the Manner directrd by an Act, passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for providing Relief for the IVives and Families of Militia Men in Scotland, and such AfltfTinent Avail forthwith be tranlinitted by the Clerk of Supply to His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Scotland; and all the Powers, Provisions, Clause?, Rules, and Dirtftions, Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures relating to the making and levying of the Assessment directed by the said last recited Act, and the said Act passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty relating to the Militia of Scotland, fh41 be and are hereby declared to be in full Force for the making and levying of such Assessment for not completing the Number of M n required to be ballotted and enrolled under this Act, as fully as if the fame were herein re-tr.aft d.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case the full Number of Men required to be enrofed for any County, Hundred, or Parish in England, shall not have been so enrolled, it shall be lawful for the Court of Exchequer in England, on Application of His Majesty's Attorney-General (if it shall see fit) to grant a Rule, calling upon the Treasurer of the County, the Chief Constable of the Hundred, or Constable or Overseer of the Poor of any Parish in respect of which such Application shall be madf, to shew Cause why such County, Hundred, or Parish respectively should not pay such Sum of Forty Pounds for every Man so deficient as aforesaid; and if no sufficient Cause be shewn to the Court within such Time as ftnl! be specified in such Rule, upon such Treasurer, Chief Constable or Constables, or Overseer of the Poor resp> ftively, then to fine such County, Hundred, or Parish, in resp«ft of which such Applicabon shall be made, in such Sum of Forty Pounds per Man for every Man so deficient, and to cause such Fine to be levied by Di/lnngas or other Process appplicable to the Nature of the Case, according to the Rules and Practice of such Court, upon the Chief Constable or Clerk of Subdivision Meetings as to Hundreds, or upon the Ovtrfeers of the Poor of the Parish a* to the Parishes.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That in case the full Number of Men required to be enrolled for any County in Scotland, shall not have been so enrolled, it shall be lawful for the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, on the Application of His Majesty's Advocate, to make an Order calling upon the Clerk of Supply of the County in respect of which such Application shall be made, to shew Cause why such County, Or the Partffi or Place thertin, in respect ot which such Application shall have been made, shall not pay such Sum of Forty Pounds for every Man so deficient as aforesaid; and if no sufficient Caafe can be shewn to the Court within such Time a* shall bt specifi.d in such Order, then to fine such County, Parish, or Place, in resptft of which such Application shall be mad?, in such Sum of Forty Pounds per Man for every Man so deficient, and to cause such Fine to hr levied by such Process as may be applicable to the Nature of the Case, according to the Rules and Practicr of such Court.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That when and so Hon as all the Men required to be raised for the Militia of any C : unty under this Act, shall have been raised and enrolled, or at the Expiration of the Periods allowed for raising Men under this Act, all further Ballot and Enrolment of Men in such County shall be suspended, and Hull remain so suspended until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

XXX.

49° GEORGII III.

C. 53. 72t

XXX. 1 And whereas by an Act passed in the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

i dn AS to empower His Majesty to retain upon full Pay and Allowances, Officers of the*'Militia during the War, 43 0.3. c. 90. 1 notwithstanding the Reduction, it is declared. then His Maje'H rmy dirt 61 any Number of Officers and Corporals,

1 serving in the Militia at the Time of the Redudrm of Privates to be retained, although the Number may

exceed the Proportion prescribed for any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, and that such Officers shall fuccetd

to Vacancies in any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps respectively, according to their respective Ranks: And whereas such a Regulation was not meant to apply to Regiment3, Battalions, or Corps where the Quotas of 1 different Caunties are united into one Body, except in so far as regards any Comm Hi m granted by the Lord ' Lieutenant of the County when the Vacancy has taken place; Be it therefore evaded, That when any Vacancy has already taken or shall hereafter take place in any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps where the Quotas of different Counties are united into one Body, such Vacancy shall not be filled up for the Militia of one County by a C m-mission from the Lord Lieutenant of another County j but that the Lord Lieutenant of the County where any Vacancy has already taken or shall hereafter take place shall have full Power to nominate a fit Person to fuoply such Vacancy, any Thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding: Providrd always, thxt any Officer who has been retained by His Majesty upon Full Pay and Allowances, in consequrnce of the said Act, shall continue to be so retained and succeed to any Vacancy that may take place where the Commission has been granted by the Lord Lieutenant of the County from whom his Commission was derived.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further eneded, That in making all Apportionments of Mlicia which shall hereafter be made, either in relation to Hundreds or Parishes, Regard shall be had to the Number of Person* serving in Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps and in the Local Militia in such Hundreds and Parishes ufp.d vtly, and exempt by reason thereof fro.m serving in the Militia, and to all other Exemptions from serving in the Militia, so a* that all such Apportionments shall be made on the Numbers of Persons in such Hundreds and Patiffies respectively, actually liable to be ballotted and to serve in the Militia.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further entded, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to appoint Two several Periods of Three Days each respectively, at any Time after the First Day of August One thousacd eight hundred and ten, (or eniilling of Militia Men into His Majesty's Regulars, in addition to the Time and Periods specified in the said recited Act of this Session of Parliament as to any Regiment in which the full Number of Men allowed by the said Act to cnlill shall not have enlisted under the Provisions f the said Act into His Majesty's Regular Forces; and all the Clauses, Powers, Provisions and Authorities in the said recited Act contained shall apply to such additional Periods of Enlisting as fully as if the fame had been specified in the said recited Act.

XXXIII. ' Where?* it may facilitate the Training of the Local Militia toaUow the Commanding Officers of the Regular Militia to discharge, if they shall think fit, Men from their respective Regiments to be employed

as Serjeants in the Local Mditia of their respective Counties, be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful fer the Colonels or Commanding Officers of the Regular Militia, at the Request of any Colonels or Commanding Officers of the Local Militia of their respective Counties, todricharge ar.y Number of Servants Corporals, or Private Men serving in their Regiments, to be enrolled and employed as Serjeants in the L cal Militia of their resptdive Counties, so that no greater Proportffin shall be so discharged for the Purpose of bring enrol.ed in ai v Regiment of Local Militia than One Serjeant to every Two hundred Men of which such Regiment of Local Militia shall consist, aid the Vacancies occasioned by all such Discharges shall be supplied in like Manner as any Vacancies occasioned by transferring Men into His Majesty's Regular Forces are also wed or required to be filled up and supplied.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enrd?d. That all Fines of Twenty Pounds which shall be paid jrjn^ of 20J. by any Person ballotted and making Default, shall be paid within Ten Days after the same shall be received, and f /<-, < § ta.) also all Fines of Forty Pounds for any Default under this Act, shall be paid within Ten Days aftrr the Line shall <! of 40l. have been addled, to the Receiver General of the County, to be by him paid into the Receipt of the (/*'<*§ 21.) Exchequer; and every Clerk of Subdivision Meetings, or other Person, who shall retain in his Hands any such Fine of Twenty Pounds as aforesaid, or any such Fine of Forty Pounds as aforesaid, for the Space of Seven Days after the Expiration of such Period of Ten Day9 as aforesaid, shall forfeit double the Amount of the Money so returned, to be recovered as any Penalty may be recovered under this Act or any Act relating to the Militia.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further en; died, That all Fines of Twenty Pounds which ffia'I he paid In Scotland, by any Persons bailotted under this Act in Scotland, and making Default, ftnll wthin Ten D«ys after the lime 1-WsiWI he shall be received, and also all Fines of Forty Pounds for Deficiencies under this Act shall within Ten Days after the same shall have been afleffid, be paid resptdlivtly to the ColltdW of the Eels of the C unty, to be by hnn accounted for to such Receiver*General of Scotland, in the same Manner as Inch C uhdlor c f the Ctfs accounts for the Land Tax; and every Person and all Pei Cons who shall retain in his or their Hands any such Part or Proportion of any Fine of Twenty Pounds as aforesaid, or any such Fine of Forty Pounds as aforesaid, for the Sp; c of Seven Days alter the Expiration of such Period of Ten Days as aforesaid, ffia'I fors it Double the Amount of the Money so retained, to be recovered as any Penalty may be recovered under this Act, or any Act relating to the M'liria.

XXXVI. Provided also, and be it further enrtfled. That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, at ary Time after the passing of this Act, and before the said First Day of June One thousand eight hundred ard ten, if it ffia.l appear to His Majesty to be nectfiary, for the more fpcediiy completing of the Militia, to order and din 61 by ary Order of His Majesty in Council, that the Ballot (or completing the Militia shall commence at any Time to be

named in any such Order in Council, any Thing in this Act or the said recited Act of the Forty seventh Year.iv __________

aforesaid to the contrary notwithstanding $ and that the raising and enrolling Men by Beat of Drum or otherwise vit\c

49 Geo. III. 5 A shall

Want Commiss!rm* in Regiments, wli, n the Quotas c f rilfff rent Counties nre in.itrd, shall not hr filled up for the Militia of one County by a I-ord Lieu 1» nant of ru other, &.e.

Apportionments ihal; he mrnle on IVrfons actually liable to ballot.

Periods allowed lor ri lifting M.lilia Mm in o the Line, utuli r 4<iG.3. c 4. §0.

CuUmels of the Regular Militia may tiif* har«; e Men to supply

I.oral Mi.Jtia with Serjeants,

mrr to [lets iver ( h iwral in Kn^'aiuJ.

jv» d to ( ollrclof ol ('cis, &.C.

IPs Majeilrn.ay order Ki.'lot at any Time l»eli.rc 1 June ]*»!(>, or uhi r I Oer.

1 S 10, to con*.

7*2

tfustices may aft 'for and with Deputy lieutenants.

Penalty on High Constables, &c» insuring for providing Substitutes, tool.

Recovery of Penalties exceeding 2t)J.

PenaUIrs, not exceeding Col. may be recovered before < )nc daft ice, S-c.

Pei>a!tv on WitnriJcs not »j prating, 5l.

Form of

Vl.\ iOtl'VM.

C. 53. 4-9° GEORGII III. A.D. 180g.

shall other cease or proceed, together with such Ballot, as to His Majesty shall seem fit, and such Sum or Bounty of Ten Guineas shall in such Case be allowed and paid, and applied in respect of Men ballotted, or Substitutes, in Manner by this Act directed: Provided also, that it shall be lawful for His Majesty in like Manner to order and direct that the Militia of any County, which at the Conclusion of the Period allowed by this Act for completing the Militia remains or shall become deficient, shall be completed by Ballot $ any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding; and notwithstanding any Suspension of Ballot which may have taken place or may hereafter take place.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That where Deputy. Lieu tenants are by this Act directed or empowered to do any Act, Matter, or Thing, in or concerning the Execution thereof, the fane shall be good and valid if it be done by any One Deputy Lieutenant, or in the Absence of any Deputy-Lieutenant, by One Justice of the Peace, except as to all such Matters as are directed to be done by Deputy Lieutenants acting in the Absence of a Lieutenant, or Vice-Lieutenant, or at any General Meeting, or at any Subdivision Meeting: Provided always, that where One Deputy Lieutenant only shall be able to attend any Subdivision Meeting it shall be lawful for any One Justice of the Peace or Magistrate of the Division or District, to fit and aft with such Deputy-Lieutenant, with all such Powers and Authorities relating thereto as are in this Act, or any Act relating to the Militia, given to Deputy Lieutenants.

*4 Provisions relating to Counties, See. extended to Ridings, &c. §38. Powers of 42 G. 3. e.go. and r. 91. u and all other Militia Acts, extended to this Act. f 39.

XL. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, if any High Constable, or Chief or other Constable, or any Clerk of General or Subdivision Meetings, or Schoolmaster, or any Commissioned Officer, Adjutant, Quartermaster, or Serjeant in the Militia or Local Militia, shall ensure or take any Money for the Insurance of, or be in any Way concerned in any Company, Society, Partnership, or Office for the Insurance of any Person or Persons for the providing any Substitute or Volunteer, or Substitutes or Volunteers, or for the paying or returning any Money for the providing any Substitute or Volunteer, or Substitutes or Volunteers in the Militia, for any Person or Persons who may be balotted to serve in the Militil» every such High Constable, or Chief or other Constable, or any Clerk of General or Subdivision Meetings, or Schoolmaster, or C >mmissioned Officer, Adjutant, Quartermaster, or Srrjeant as aforesaid, shall forfeit for every such Offence One hundred Pounds,

XLI. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, by this Act imposed, wh; ch shall exceed Twenty Pounds, shall be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, P aint, or Information, at the Suit of His Majesty*8 Attorney-General for England, or Advocate for Scotland, or at the Suit of any Pafoa appointed to fuc for the fame, by any Lieutenant, or Deputy Lieutenants, or Vice-Lieutenants acting for any Lieutenant, in any of His Majesty's Courts rf Record at Westminster, or the Courts of Great Session in the Principality of Wales, or the Courts of the Counties Palatine of Chrjhr, Lancaster, and Durham, (as the Case shall require, ) in England. and in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, wherein no Essoign, Privilege, Protection, Wa: rer of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace, or Deputy-Lieutenant, residing near the Place wfore any Offence shall be committed against this Act, which subjects the Offender to any pecuniary Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds, to hear and determine such Offence at any Time within Six Months after the Offence committed, and such Justice of the Peace or Deputy-Lieutenant shall, upon any Information, Exhibit, or Complaint made in that Behalf, summon the Party accused, and also the Witnessrs on «it her Side, and (ha 1 examine into the Matter of Fast, and upon due Proof made thereof, either by the voluntary Confession of foe Party, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witncf* or Wrnesses, to give Judgment for the Penalty or Forfeiture, as by this Act. is din ft d, and to lffuc his Warrant under his Hand and Sea), for the levying any pecuniary Penalties or Forfeitures so adjudged, on the Goods of the Offender, and to cause Sale to bt made thereof in case they ftuli not be redeemed within Four Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus, if any; and w h*re the G^ods of the Offender cannot be found foffiffent to answer the Penalty, to commit such Offender to JViion, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Three Months, unless such pecuniary Penalty shall be sooner paid and tatisfied; and if any Person or Persons shall find himself or themselves aggrieved by the Judgment ol inch Justice or Deputy Lieutenant, then he or they shall and may, upon giving Security to the Amount or Value of such Penalty and Forfeiture, together with such Colls as shall be awarded in case such Judgment (had be affirmed, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Sessions for the County, Ridirg, or Place, who are hereby empowered to summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the fame; and in case the Judgment shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such J ilticcs to award the Person or Persons to pay such ColU occasioned by such Appeal as to them shall seem meet.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence before such Justice or Deputy-Lieutenant, touching any of the Matters relative to this Act, either on th? Pjrt of the Prosecutor or Persons accused, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable Excuse for such his, her, or their Neglrd or Refusal, to be allowed of by such Justice or Deputy-Lieutenant before whom the Prosecution shall he depending-, that then every such Person shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pound6, to be levied and paid in such Manner and by such Means as is directed as to the other Penalties.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the Justice or Deputy-Lieutenant before whom any Offender shall he convicted as aforesaid, shaft cause the said Conviction to be made out in the Manner and Form following, or in any oihrjr Form of Woids to the fame Effect. mutatis mutandis; that is to lay:

BE

A.D. 1809.

49° GEORGII III.

C-S3- 7*J

gE it remembered, That on the Dtf of in the Year of Our

Lord in the County of A.B. of

was convicted before me C. Z). one of His Majesty*f Ju fliers of the Peace [er. one of the Deputy Lieutenants*

at the Case may be] for the said County, residing near the Place where the Offence was committed, for that the

1 said A.B. on the Day of now lift past, did, conttary to the Form of the Statute in that Case made and provided; [here fate the Offence againf this A6f\ and I do declare and adjudge that the said A> B. hath forfeited the Sum of

XLV. And be it further enacted, That no Order or Conviction made in England, in pursuance of this Act* Order* and by any Lieutenant, Deputy-Lieutenant, or Justice of the Peace, shall be removed by Certiorari into any Court Conviction* fluff whatever, and that no Writ or Certiorari shall supersede Execution, or other Proceedings upon any such Order or Conviction, but that Execution and other Proceedings shall be had thereupon, any such*eitIOftru Writ or Writs notwithstanding 5 and in like Manner no Sentence, Warrant, or Order of any Deputy Lieutenants or Justice or Justices of the Peace in Scotland, shall be removed into any Court whatsoever by Bill of Advocation or Suspension, or Process of Reduction, or in any other Manner whatsoever; and it shall not be competent to fist Execution or Procedure upon any such Sentence, Warrant or Order and if any Person shall attempt to do so by Bill of Suspension or otherwise, the same shall be dismissed as incompetent, and such Person shall be subjected in full Expences.

" Act may be altered or repealed this Session. §46*

SCHEDULE (A.)

LIST of Persons enlisted fot Militia, between Day of and Day of

Name* of Men. When enrolled. When joined. No Child — or, one* Child. Place of Residence when enlisted.

SCHEDULE (B.)

LIST of Men volunteered into the Line, and of the Order in which the Vacancies so made are to be*

supplied, in the County of

No. N«m«. Parishes. Hundreds. 1 No. Names. Parishes. Hundreds.

I. A B. G. L. 12.

2. C D. E. P.3-

3- E. F. A. M.4-

4- G.H. r. J5*

s- 16.

6. n-

7* 18.

8. 19.

9* 20.

10. 2 r.

11.

SCHEDULE (C.)

SUBDIVISION of County of Number of Men required to be ballottecf.

Piriihes, See. Number required. Principals. Substitutea Volunteers. Date of Enrolment Bounties received. How applied. Fines paid by Balkxted Men. I Sums paid to I Receiver-General 1 Collector of Cafs.

5 A a

v^,

724 C. 54

A.D. 1809.

Ttor^m.p/-

Syjion ai fi>

Act shall ngt

eiWWt to Debtor of the rrown, or Otfi»fb rs agiunll Revenue Law 4.

49° GEORGII III.

CAP. LIV.

An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors in Ireland.

[27th May 1809.]

WHEREAS it may be convenient in the prefnt Condition of the Prisona and Gaols in that Part of the W United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, called Ireland, that some of the Prisoners who are now confined therein should beset at Liberty be it therefore enisled, &c.

The several Gaolers in Ireland shall make out L; fts of Prisonera in their Custody, on ill February 1809, and deliver the same to the first or second Quarter Session after passing the Act. §1. Oath of Gaoler# on Delivery of Lifts to be administered in open Court. Lifts shall be kept by the Clerk of the Peace, and examined gratis. § Copies of Lifts shall be fixed up in Prisons, before Delivery to the S.(lions. §3. Prisoners in Custody on ill February 1809, for Non-payment of Debts not exceeding 1500l. may be discharged under this 14 Act. §4. Justice of Peace, on Prisoners delivering Schedules, may iff'ie Warrants to bring them to the Quarter Sessiona. §5. Special Sessions maybe held for executing this Act. §6. Schedules shall remain w'th* Clerk of the Peace. §. 7. Debtors intending to apply for Discharge shall give Three Notices in the Dullin u Gazette, <$cc. §8# Debtors shall, previous to their firli Notice, deliver Schedules of their Eftlels to Gaolers. $ 9.

Form of Notice. $ 10. Debtors proving that Notices have been given, shall in open Court deliver in Schedules of their Efftdls, and make Oath to their ImDrifonment, and to the truth of the Schedule, f 11.

Scf eiule and Oath to be subscribed by the Debtors. Stflits at Request of the Creditor may examine Gaolers " on Oath $ and if Debtor's Oath is not d'fproved, Sessions may discharge the Debtor. §12. All Eitatcsand " EfF&sof Debtor so discha'ged shall be vested in the Clerk of the Peace, who shall assign the same to such " Creditors as the Court shall dirtd, in trull to get in the Eft dls and make Dividends thereof, &c. §13.

" Notice of the making Dividends to he given. Creditors for Annuities payable at any future Time, may receive 14 Dividends as under a Commission of Bankruptcy. §14. All Estates of Debtors whatever, though not inserted " in the Schedule, shall be vested in the Clerk of the Peace. §13. Holders of Securities without ConGderation shall not be entitled to any Dividend. §16. Eilatts shall continue vested in the Clerk of the Peace for the Tunc being. §17. Assignees shall not bring Sivtsin Law or Equity without Coofentof Majority of Creditors. $ 18.

Schedules shall be produced by Cierka of Peace to Creditors. The Debtor* Right alone shall be affected by this Act. $ 19. Mortgages shall take place of Claims of an inferior Nature. §20. Power of leafing Lands,

See. vested in the Assignees. §21. Oath9 of Gaolers a9 to Custody and Conduct of Debtors, if required by Creditors. §22, 23. If the Person del vering in L'fl was not Gaoler on the first Day of February he shall take the following Oath. Penalties on Gaoler and Printer of Gazette or Newspaper not complying with the Regulations of this Act, 10: /. §24. Punishing Gaolers for Perjury, 50: >/. half to the Informer and half to 4' the Creditors. §25. Penalty on Clerk of the Peace not giving C pies of Adjudication of D.(charges, &c.

*4 2 : >/ } 26. Debtors falsely (wearing shall suffer as for wilful Perjury. §27. Debtors discharged shall not be liable to be imprisoned for any Debts due prior to ill February 1809. §2S. Prisoners ftuil remain charged with Debts become due after Paid ill February 1809. $ 29. Act may be pleaded to any Action of Etcape,

44 &c. $ 30. Act may be pleaded generally by Prisoners. Act not to extend to Attorniesor Servants, Agents,

44 &c. embezzling Money. §31. Act shall not extend to Persons obtaining Money or Goods on false Pretences,

*l $ 32. N >r to Prisoners remanded to Prison under former Insolvent Acts for fraudulently obtaining Monry, &c.

44 §33. Nor to Persons charged in Execution for Damages recovered in any Action for Criminal Convention,

44 &c. or any malicious Injury. §33. Nor to Persons removing EftVdl* of the Value of 20l. liable to be distrained for Rent. §34. Nor to Persons felling or assigning EfLdls to defraud Creditors. §35. Penalty on Gaolers not permitting Prisoners to be fpnken with, or Entry in the Books of the Prison to be seen, 40l. §36. Penalty w on Gaoler for making false Entries, 500l. §37. Debtors refuting to discover the Creditor detaining them, or 41 to appear to any Creditor, excluded the Benefit of this Act. § jS. Pufoners in Custody for Prison Feet Si discharged. §39.

XL. Provided always, and it is hereby further en; : dled, That this Act shall not extend or be construed to extend to discharge any Prisoner seeking the Benefit of this Act, with resptdl to any Debt or Penalty with which he or she shall stand charged at the Suit of the Crown, or of any Person for any Offence committed against any Act or Acts of Parliament relative to His Majesty's Revenues of Customs, Excise, Stamps, or Salt Duties, or any of the m, or any Branches of the Publick Revenue, or at the Suit of any Sheriff or other Publick Officer, upon any Bail Bond entered into for the Appearance of any Person prosecuted for any Offence committed against any Act or Acts of Parliament relative to His Majesty's Lid Revenues of Customs, Excise, Stamp?, or Salt Duties, or any other Branches of Publick Revenue, unless any Three of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being shall certify their Conftnt under their Hands to the said Justices at their laid S.(lions or Adjournment thereof for the Discharge of such Prisoner asafoicsaid# 4' Determination of Justices fhdl be final, unless the Debtor gets rid of the Objtdlions to his Discharge. §41, 44 Effatts of which Prisoners are fnfed in Tail shall be delivered up to their Creditors, without Fine, See. §42. 4' Assignees may apply to two Justices of Peace for further Examination of Debtors, who on Rtfufal to appear miy be committed. §43. Fraudulent Discharges declared void. §44. Assignees, with Confeot of the " Majority in Value ot Creditors, may compound Debts and submit Disputes to Arbitration. $ 45. Penalty on Persons concealing Debtor's Estates, jool. and double Value for Benefit of the Creditors, j 40. If Affigoeei die, others may be chosen. $ 47. Courts on Complaint may remove Assignees. §48. Where mutualCredit 4i has been given, Balance shall be Hated. §49. Persons in Custody for Contempt in not paying Monies, Cods, 4' 6cc, shall be entitled to the Benefit of this Act. §50. And also Persons imprisoned by Courts of Confciarce. 44 §51. No Persons having taken the Benefit of an Insolvent Act within Five Years shall be entitled to Rdicf 41 under this Act. §52. Affirmation of Quakers may be taken. §53. Insolvent, oa relating his Intcrdf ins the Residue of his Ellate, shall be a good Witness. §34.

c.

C. 55»5

49° GEORGII III.

725

CAP. LV.

An Act for rectifying Mistakes In the Names of the Commissioners appointed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament for appointing Commissioners for carrying into Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions and Offices in England, and an Aftf made in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Y^ear One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and for appointing other Commissioners together with those named in the first mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament for continuing to llis Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain, and on Pensions,

Offices, and Personal Elhites in England, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred find nine, also the f.iid Act made in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, and for indemnifying such Persons as have acted as Commissioners for executing the said Acts.

[27th May 1809.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to rectify Mistakes made in the naming or describing of Persons appointed

Commissioners by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, yin /1d for appointing 4sG. c.c. 10c.

Commissioners for carrying into Execution an /Id of this Session of Parliament for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Persons and Offices in England, and an /Id made in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty for granting [J0 G. 0. r. 5.J

an Aid to His Majesty, ly a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, and there may b; Occasion to appoint other Person* to put in Execution the said

Ad made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty

by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and

ninety-eight, and also an Act of this Sr Ann of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing to His Majesty 49 G. 3. c. I.

certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff, \ in Great Britain, and on Pensions, Offices, and PersonalEjlutes,

4 in England, for the Sendee of the Year One thousand eight hundred and nine; may it there tore please Your Majesty,

1 that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several and respective Persons herein after named, shall and may and are hereby Commissionei* empowered and authorized to put in Execution the said Act«, and all the Clauses, Powers, Matters, and Things ap^iniorf. whatsoever therein contained, as Commissioners in and for the several and respective Counties and Places of Great Britain, herein after severally and respectively mentioned and exprdTcd, as if they had been named with the other Commissioners in the said Act of the last Session of Parliament, and properly described therein; (that is to say.)

[Then follows the Lijl of Names for the several Places. 2

And no Mistake in the Spelling of the Christian or Surname of any Person, or of any Place, mentioned in the Miflalsrs in the said Act of the last Session of Parliament, or this Act, shall be construed to vitiate the Appointment of such Names shall not Person to be a Commissioner, so that the Person or P.ace mentioned be designated therein to common Intent and v, t!atL'tlir Understanding; or to subject any Person so deiignated to any Pains, Penalty, or Forfeiture, for his acting m P°lutmew* the Execution of the Acts herein mentioned.

Persons appointed by recited Act or this Act shall have the Qualifications required by 38 G. 3. c. 5. and " 38 G. 3. c. 48. — §2. Qualified Persons in Cities, &c. rated to the Duty on Pensions, &c. may aft at ' Commissioners. §3. Persons not properly named, or whose Names have been omitted, who may have acted as u Commissioners, shall be indemnified; and all Acts done by them shall be valid- §4.

CAP. LVI.

An Act for completing the Militia of Ireland.

[3d June 1809.] ^'h^utfar

Recital of 49 G. 3. c 3. Number equal to Two-fifths of the Establishment of the Militia in Ireland, shall bc tm'af. u raised within Twelve Months. EtUhlishment of augmented Regiments shall remain as under 44 G. 3. c. ? G.a. r.120.]

and of the others as under General Militia Act; all above shall be coufidcred a- Supernumeraries. §1. Mui shall be raised by volunteering. Lord Lieutenant shall give D.rtftions to the Colonels a: id tht Treasury as under 44 G. 3. c. 33. and all the Powers of that Act shall be applitd in Execution of this Act. Bounty shall not exceed 8l. 8j\ Oaths of Volunteers so raised shall be the same as that of Substitutes. ( 2. Further Sum of One Guinea per Man may br advanced to the Colonel for Exptncts of procuring Men; but no P-jrt thereof shall be paid to the Volunteers. §3* 4* Men may be required by Lord Lieutenant to be raised by B.-ilot. and in such Case they shall be raised as under rxilling Acts relating to Irish Mdttia. §5. General Meet in o^t1 e 41 Governors, See. in each County, within Ten Days alter Lord Lieutenant* Order, And appoint the N mber " of Men for each Subdivision, &c. ( 6. Bounty to ballotted Men and Substitutes shall be paid under Rcgu-lation3 of Lord Lieutenant. §7. Colonels fhdl fend Monthly to Lord Lu utenant's Chief S -rctary, and to

Clerk of Annual Meetings, Lists of Men enrolled. §8. Fine of 301, on Counlits for every Man deficient at 41 the End of Twelve Months after passing this Act; on Certificate of D ficicncy by Colonels to Treasurer? of

45 Counties, which shall be laid before the Judges of Assize; and the Fine levied by the Treasurerb Ord< 1 of the Court. §9. Treasurer shall pay Money levied to Collectors of Excise. §10. Counties shall not 0- charged 14 for any Men raised under this Act within Twelve Months after the passing of this Act. All former Aftsfh ll remain in force, except as exprefiiy altered by this Act. §11. After August I, 1810, Two further Periods " may be appointed forenlifting of Militia Mea into the Regulars. §12. (See 49 G. 3. c. 3. §3.) Act may 4' be repealed or altered this Session. §13.

7

A.D. 1809.

726

45 G. 3.C. 33. 61.

Penalty on undue Deereafe of Malt 30a. per Bushel: if it exceeds I Bushel

in 20.

46 0.3. c. 79.

§ i. repealed to part.

No Marti Kreve

UihIII'*'* repltered as a Malt Store.

IVnnWy On Wort* not being hopped in 2.4 Houi«.

Forfeiture and tool.

Penaby on Brewers telling Wartr iOOl. &c.

Malt shall not

be removed from IN*alt Stores into Mill or Brewery

without Permit.

Penalty, Fur-(eriurc and 40l.

C. 57. 49° GEORGII III.

CAP. LVII.

An Act for Improving the Quality of Beer In Ireland, by further preventing the Use of unmalted Corn, or of any deleterious or unwholesome Ingredients therein, and for the better securing the Colle£tion of the Malt Duties in Ireland.

[3d June 1809.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Collcitlon of the Malt Duties in Ireland and regulating the Trade of a Maltster, it is amongst other Things enacted, That in every Case where the Stock of Malt in the Poffiffion of any Maltster, or of any Factor

or Dealer in Malt, or of any Brewer or Distdler, ftntl be lefa than the Quantity of M-ilt which by the Stock

Account kept by any Officer of Excise ought to b- in the Poffiffion of such M alt iter, Factor, Dealer, Brewer,

or Dist'ller, every such Person fiiali for every such Time such D^crease shall appear, forfeit the Sum of Fifteen 1 Shillings for every Barrel of Malt winch shall so appear to be deficient; Be it enacted by the Kina's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Dords Soiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliam-nt assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every such Person shall, for every Time such Decreate shall appear, forfeit the Sum of Thirty Shillings for every Barrel of Malt which shall so appear to be deficient, instead of the said Sum of Fifteen Shillings in the said Afb mentioned: Provided always, that whereas by rCufon of the Quantity of Malt being taken account of by the Officer according to the Gauge, and being fold or used orconfumtd by such Maltster, Factor, Dealer, Brewer or Distiller, in Bushel* or Barrels, according to the Weight thereof. Deficiencies may arise between such Stock Account and the actual Quantity of Malt in Store, no Maltster, Factor, Dealer, Brewer, or Dilliiler, shall be liable to such Penalty of Thirty Shillings per Barrel in any Case where such Decrease shall not exceed the Proportion of one Barrel of Malt for every Twenty Barrels of the whole Quantity in which such Decrease shall appear, unlessin Cases where Fraud or Intention of Fraud fhnil appear; any Thing in the said recited Act or this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That so much of an Act made in the Forty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, an Act to amend the Two Acts for the c&Htuing of the Malt Duties in Ireland, and regulating the Trade of a Maltster, as ena&s that uo Place which shall have a Communication by internal Doors with, or shall be adjoining to that Part of any Distillery or Brewery where any Keeve or other Vessel for mashing shall be kept, shall be registered as a Store for keeping of Malt, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed; and that from and after the D*v of passing this Act, no Mash Keeve, nor any Part or Place of any D*llillery or Brewery where any M/fh Keeve shall be kept, shall be entered or registered as a Store for keeping of Malt by any Brewer or Dsftiller in Ireland.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the Day of pafGng of

this A<5b, if any Worts ivhirh shall have been drawnx>ff from the Keeve more than Twenty-four Hours,

shall be found in the Poffiffion of ary Brewer, or in the licensed Brewery of such Brewer, or in the Stores thereto belonging, not mixed with or in which there shall not be infused Hops in Quantity sufficient to make the fame into Beer, Ale, or Porter, all such Worts lh.dl be forfeited and may be seized, and such Brewer shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the Day of passing of this Act, no Brewer or Brewers, or Person or Persons licensed to brew Strong Beer, Porter. Ale, or Small Ber for Sale, shall give, fell, or in any Manner dispose of any Worts, or Pot Ale, to any Person or Persons whatsoever; ard in case any such Brewer or Brewers, or Person or Persons so licensed, shall at any Time give, fell, or in any Manner dispose of any Worts, or Pot Ale, to ary Person or Persons whatsoever, such Brewer or Brewers, or Person or Persons so giving, felling, or in any Manner disposing of the fame, shall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pound*; and any licence granted to such Brewer or Person shall thereupon be and become ipft fa*lu void, and such Brewer shall be contidered as unheenfed, and liable to all such Penalties and Forfeitures as Persons brewing Strong Bet r, Porter, Ale, or Small Brer for Sale, without having a Licecfc for that Purpose in force, shall be liable to by any Act or Acts in force in Ireland for that Purpose.

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the Day of pafli ig of this Act, no Malt shall at any Time be removed from or out of the Scores, or other Room or Place of any Brewer or Person licensed to brew Strong Beer, Porter, Ale, or Small B-cr for Sale, or shall be brought or conveyed into the Mill, Brewery» or Mash Keeve, of such Brewer or Person without a Permit for the fame; and that the Brew'er or Person applying for such Permit, shall in his or their Request Note for obtaining the fame, state the Day and Hour of the Day on which such Brewer or Person intends to begin to mash or brew the Malt so to be removed; and in case any Quantity of Malt, ground or unground, whether in any Process of brewing or not, shall be found in the Mill, Brewery, or Mash Keeve of such Brewer or Person so licensed, and a Permit for removing the fame into such Mill, Brewery, or Mash Keeve, shall not on Demand of any Officer of Excise be produced, or Proof made to such Officer that such Permit had been granted for such Malt, and that such Permit was afterwards loll or mislaid, or if any such Malt shall be found in Process of brewing or mashing, or wetting before the Time specified in the Request Note for such Permit, in either of such Cases all such Malt shall be forfeited and may be seized, and such Brewer or Person shall forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds, and every such Permit shall from Time to Time be delivered by such Brewer or Person, or his Servant, to the Surveyor or other Officer of Excise in Charge of the Malt Stores of such Brewer or Person, within Twelve Flours after the Expiration of the Time for which such Permit shall be in force, or at any Time within such Twelve Hours, on Demand thereof made by such Officer; and if such Permit shall not be delivered to such Officer accordingly, such Brewer or Person shall forfeit for every Neglect Twenty Pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall happen that the License of any Person licensed to brew Strong Beer, Porter, Ale, or Small Beer for Sale, shall become forfeited or void by reason of any Offence against this Act, or any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to such Brewers, or to the brewing or making ot

8 T Strong

A.D. 1809. 49° GEORGII III. C. 57. 727

Strong Beer, ' Porter, Ale, or Small Beer for Sale, no future License shall be granted to such Person# nor to any other Person to brew in the fame Brewery, unless such Person so to be licensed shall hare first entered into a Bond to His Majesty, Hi« Heirs and Successors, in the Penalty of One thousand Pounds, (that is to say), the Person licensed in Fire hundred Pounds, and Two Sureties in Two hundred and fifty Pounds each, such Sureties to be approved of by the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or by some Person to be by them authorized in that Behalf, and such Bond to be conditioned that such Person so licensed shall in all Things well and truly conform to and obey the Laws in force in Ireland relating to Persons licensed to brew Strong Beer, Ale, or Porter for Sale, and shall not in any Particular transgress any Act or A£U of Parliament with respect to Persons so licensed, or with respect to the brewing or making of Strong Beer, Porter, Ale, or Small Beer for Sale, or any Clause, Matter, or Thing whatever in any such Act or Act of Parliament, which are or shall be in force at the Time of the granting or during the Continuance of any such License; and in case ir shall happen, that any Persons so licensed shall a second Tone offend, and such Licence shall be a second Time forfeited, such Person shall be incapable of receiving a Licence for the Space of Three Years from the Twenty-ninth Day of Septemlct next ensuing the Time of the Forfeiture of such Licence, and no Licence shall after such second Offence be granted to any Person whatever to brew in the Brewery of the Party so offending, until the Expiration of Three Years from the Twenty-ninth Day of September next ensuing such second Forfeiture of such Licence, nor unless the Person licensed to brew in furh Brewery shall enter into a Bond in the Penalty of Tw# thousand Pounds, (that is to say), the Person licensed in One thousand Pounds, and Two Sureties in Five hundred Pounds each, to be approved of, and such Bond to be conditioned at immediately herein before directed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, on Application made to them for that Purpose by any Brewer, and on Affidavit made by such Brewer of the Circurostances under which he shall be desirous to fell any Malt which he is not authorized by Law to fell, shall think it fitting and expedient that such Brewer should be allowed to fell such Male, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners; or any Three or more of them, by an Order under their Hands, to direct that a Permit shall be granted for the Removal of such Malt, and such Permit shall be granted, and such Malt shall and may be removed accordingly, any Thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding; and such Brewer shall not be liable to any Penalty, nor shall such Malt be liable to Seizure or Forfeiture oa account of such Sale.

VIII. And, to prevent Brewers from using Brewing Coppers or Coppers in their Cooperages as Stills, be it enacted, That from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the Day of passing this Act, no Licence shall be given or granted to any Person to brew Strong Beer, Porter, Ale, or Small Beer for Sale, unless the Party applying for such Licence shall have previously entered and registered in the Exc»fe Office of the District, every Brewing Copper and every other Copper of any Sort whatever which such Person shall have in his Brewery or Premises, whether for brewing or for fealding or (teaming Calks or otherwise, and also every Maff\ Tun and Kceve in any such Brewery or Prtmifc9, describing in the said Entry or Register the Contents of all and every such Copper or Coppers, and also describing for what Purpose they are or shall be used, and whether the fame or any of them are Steam-tight or not, and in like Manner dtferibing the Contents and Dimensions of every such Ma(h 'Tun or Keeve; and in case any Person so licensed shall at any Time during the Continuance of such Licence, make any Alteration in any Copper, Mash Tun, or Keeve so registered, or shall ered or set up any new Copper, Mash Tun, or Keeve, such Person shall make a hke Entry and Rtgitlry of such AItcration# or of such Copper, Ma(h Tun, or Keeve so newly creded, in the said Excise Office; and in case any Person so [iceuftd (hah use or have in his or her Brewery or Premises, any Copper or Coppers, or Mash Tun or Keeve rot so entered and registered, or other than such as shall be entered and registered as aforelaitl, every such Person shall for rvcry such Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and if any Copper in the Brewery or on the Premises of any Person so licensed shall be used for any Purpose of D iff illation, every such Copper, and all the Contents thereof, and all and every other VeflVl and Uttnfil in the Brewery or Premises of such Person, shall be forfeited and may be seized. and the Licence of such Person shall be and become null and void; and if any M?(h Tun or Keeve, or other Vessel not so entered or registered, shall be found in use for the Purpose of making Malt, or containing any ground Malt, every such Mash Tun, Keeve, or other Vessci, and the Contents thereof, shall be forfeited, and may be seized.

IX. And be it further enacted, That from and after Ten Days after the passing of this Act, no Brewer or other Person or Persons in Ireland makirg or proftfling to make Beer, Ale, Porter, or Small Beer for S4^ shall use any raw or unmaited Corn in the brewing or making of any Beer, Ale, Porter, or Smali Beer for Sale, or in the making or preparing of any Liquor to imitate or to resemble, or to be mixed with, or to be use j, fold, or difpnled of or delivered as or for Beer, Ale, Porter, or Small Beer, nor shall any Brewer or other Person or Persons in Ireland fell, dispose of, fend, or deliver, or cause to be told, disposed of, fecit, or delivered, any Person or Persons whatever, as or for Beer, Porter, Ale, or Small Beer, any Liquor made or pre p^ed from raw or unmalted Corn, or in the making whereof any raw or unmaited Coro shall have been used; tmd if any Brewer or other Person in Ireland\ shall at any Time use any raw or unmaited Corn in the brewing or making of any Beer, Porter, Ale, or Small Beer for Sale, or in the brewing, nuking, or preparing any Liquor which shall be afterwards fold, disposed of, or delivered as or for Beer, Porter, Ale, or Small Beer* every such Brewer or other Person shall for the first Offence forfeit the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds; and, for the second and every subsequent Offence the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; one half of the said Forfeitures to be paid to the Informer; and upon Conviction for the third Offence therein, the Licence of such Perbo as a Brewer shall be null and void; and all Liquor so made or prepared from raw or unmaited Corn in tl\c brewery or Stores of any such Brewer or other Person or Persons in Ireland, brewing Brer, Porter, Ale, or Small Beer for Sale, or professing so to do, together with every Copper, Cooler, Buck, Tun. Vat, or c r Wife! or

lf Brewm*

Licence ftujl become forfeited, no fresh Licence shall be granted without increased Security.

Permitj may He granted for Removal of Malt sold by Brewers.

For regi fieri ng Coppers, Ma& Tuns and Keeves, ia Breweries.

Penalty on

Brewers using*unmaited Coro. First Otieuca 200l.

Second CHJencO 3001. See.

TV 1 rr^ifTfring

lLr!« y S\ res in iJre.u; us.

Trr

G a iit» res in Breweries.

Itaw Com ground or bruised in I*n w-eries, lha.ll be forfeited.

Penalty for using Drugs in brewing, lool.

Colouring for Torfer.

Bounty so

Retail* rs of Beer to be discontinued.

*3 G. 3. r. jo.

J«n

C. 57* 49° GEORGII III. A.D. 1809.

ever in which any such Liquor ftiat! be contained, or which shall have been made use of or employed for or in the Brewery, making or preparing such Beer, Porter, Air, or Small Beer for Sale as aforesaid, shall be forfeited* and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise in Ireland.

X. And be it further enacted, That from and after Ten Days after the passing of this Act, every Person or Persons licensed to brew Strong Beer, Porter, Ale, or Small Beer for Sale, who shall hare tny Malthouse adjoining to or connrfted, or communicating with his Brewery. shall enter and register at the Excise Office of the Di(lri&, every Store Room and Place belonging to such Malthouse, in which Barley, or Grain called Bee: or Big shall be deposited, and that no Score for Barley or Gram called Bere or Big shall in any Case be acjoicing to or connected with, or be open by Means of any Di or or Doorway immediately to the Place in such Brewery where any Malt shall be wetted or mashed, or any Worts shall be boiled, cooled, or hopped; and all Barley or Gram called Bere or Big, which shall be found in any Part of such Brewery or Malthouse, other than in such Room or Place so regifttred, and so separate and apart from such Brewery, shall be forfeited and may be fe»zcdt and the Person or Persons in whose Stores, Custody or Poffiflion such Barley or Grain called Bere or Big shall be found, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted, That from and after Ten Days after the passing of this Act, every Perfao or Petfm3 licensed to brew as aforesaid, shall in like Manner enter ai.d remitter in the Excise Office of the Dill rift, every Store Room and Place in which Oats shall or may at any Time be deposited, and that no such Store Room or Place shall be adjoining to or connected with, or be open by means of any Door or Doorway immediately to the Place where any Malt shall be whetted or maflud, or any Worts shall be boiled, cooled, or hopped; and any Oats which shall be found in the Possession of any such Person or Persons, in any other Place than a Store or Place so registered, shall be forfeited and may be seized; and such Person or Perlnna in whose Custody, Store or PoflUIion, such Oats shall be found, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of One hurdrel Pounds,

XII. And be it further enacted, That from and after Ten Days after the passing of this Act, no Brewer or other Person in Ireland making or profiling to make Ale, Beer, Porter, or Small Beer, shall have in his or her Brewery, or in any Part of the Premises connected with his or her Brewery, any raw or unmalted Cura ground or bruised, and that all raw or unmalted Corn ground or bruised, which shall be found in such Brewery or Premises, together with all Sacks, Vessels or Packages in which such raw Corn ground or bruised shall be contained, and all Carts, Drays, and other Carriages on which such raw Corn or unmalted Corn belonging to such Brewer or Person, ground or bruised, shall be found in the Course of Conveyance, and all Horses attached to every such Cart, Dray or other Carriage, shall be forfeited, and may be respectively fciztd by any Officer or Officers of the Excise.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after Ten Days after the passing of this Act, no Brtwer or other Person in Ireland shall use any Sugar Water, Di^til!er8, Spent-waih, Sugar, Mulatto, Vitriol, Quafiia, Coculus Indicus, Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper, Opium, or any Ingredient whatsoever, wricli shall possess any deleterious or unwholesome Quality, in the making or brewing of any Beer, Porter, Ale or Small Beer; and if any Brewer or other Person shall use any such Ingredients in the brewing or making of any Beer, Porter, Ale, or Small Beer, every such Brewer or other Person shall forfeit forevrry such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and all L'quor in the brewing of which any such Sugar Water, Dilttllm' Sptnt-walh, Sugar, Mdafies, Vitriol, Quaflia, Coculus Indicus, Grains of Paradifr, Guinea Pepp r, Opium, or any Ingredient which shall possels any deleterious or unwholesome Quality shall have been used, and all such Sugar Water, DttHllerb* Spent-wash, Sugar, Mclaftts, Vitriol, Quaffia, Coculus, Indicus, Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper. Opium, or Ingredient, in the Brewery or Stores of every such Brewer or other Pirfon, together with every Copper, Cooler, Back, Tun, Vat or other Vesstl in which any such L: quor, Material, or other Ingredient shall be contained, or which shall have beeo made use of or employed for brewing such Beer, Porter, Ale, or SmaH Beer as aforesaid, shall be forfeited, and may be fciztd or (pilled and destroyed: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be conllrvud to prevent any Porter Brewer from using any Article known by the Name of Colouring, provided that the same shall be made or prepared from burnt Sugar only, and reduced to a bit 11 r Liquid by the Infusion of Water; and if any Brewer shall use in the brewing of Beer, Porter, Ale, or Small Beer, any Extract from Sugar not of the aforesaid Description, or ary C -louring possessing any deleterious or unwholesome Quality whatsoever, such Beer, A*c, Porter, or Small Beer, and such Extract from Sugar and Colouring, which shall be found in the Brewery or Store3 of such Brewer, shall be forfeitrd, aed shall and may be ttized or fp lied and dcitroyed, and all Vessels in which the same shall be contained /lid!be forfeited and may be ieized, and such Brewer shall also for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Oi.C hundred Pounds.

XIV. And whereas the Allowances made by Law to Persons retailing Beer, Porter, or A'e, are not uecessary to be continued longer than until the Twenty-ninth Day of September, One Thousand eight Hundred and nine, be it therefore enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person licensed to sell Spirituous Lquors, Wine, Beer, Ale and Cyder by Retad, in the Cities of Dublin, Cork, Waterford or Limerick, so require, demand or receive any Certificate from the Comnrffioners of Excise, for the Purpose of claiming any Bounty in respect of any Quantity of Strong Beer or Ale, that such Person may have sold by Retail in the Year ending the Twenty-uinth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and nine, or within any fnbftquent Year; and that it shall not be lawful for the Commissioners of Excise to give or grant any such Certificate, cor for the Commissioners of Stamp Duties ia Ireland to pay any Bounties to any such Persons in respect of any Quantity of Strong Beer or Ale sold by such Person by Retail within the said Year, or within any fub* frquent Year, any Thing io an Act made in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, /In Act for regulating Licences for the Sale of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale and Cyder by Retail, ar.J fr discouraging tie immoderate life of Spirituous Liquors in Ir«land| or ia an Act made in the Forty-lliih Year of

Hia

e

A.D. 1809. 49° GEOiRGH III. C. 57, 58. 729

His present Majesty's Reign, Intituled, An Act to repeal the several Buttes under the Care of the Commissioners G for managing the Duties upon Jlamfed Vellum, Parchment and Paper in Ireland, and to grant new and additional^'*c* 4'

Duties in lieu thereof and to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties in Ireland, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeiture* under this Act shall be recovered, levied, Powers of and applied in such Manner as is directed by the said recited Act of the Forty-fifth Year of his present Majesty's 45 9*; }* c. 54* Reign, intituled, An Act for the Collection of the Malt Duties in Ireland, and regulating the Trade of a Malt fieri aJTll!: (L10 with respect to Penalties and Forfeitures under the said recited Act, and that all the Powers, Clauses, Pro- 1UJ visions, Rules and Regulations contained in the said recited Act, or in any Act or Acts for amending the same, shall be applied in the Execution of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the said Clauses Provisions, Rules and Regulations were repeated and re-enacted in this Act, and that the Lid recited Act and this Act shall be construed together as one Act, so far as the same are confident and comoatible with cadi other, and as the said recited Act of the Forty fifth Year is altered and amended by this Act, or by any other Act or Aftj in Force at the Time of the passing of this Act.

Act may be altered this Session. §16.

CAP. LViri.

An Act to explain and render more efTeftunl an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for the Encouragement and Relief of Friendly Societies.

[3d June 1809.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-sixth Year of His present

V Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Encutragement and Relief of Friendly Societies', reciting that Irish Art,

several btncvolent and charitable InHitutions and Societies had been formed in Ireland, for the Purpose of 06G.J.C. 58* 4 relieving by vohmtary Subscriptions and Bmefactions the Widows, Orphans, and Families of the Clergy,

both of the establishtd Church and Dififenters, and others in di ft refled Circumstances; certain Regula'ions were

made for the Benefit of such of the said Charitable institutions and Societies as Should procure the Rules for the Distribution and Management of their Funds, to be prefer.ted to the Justices of the Peace at any Quarter Siflions to be holden within the Time limited in the said Act: And whereas it is expedient to extend the Benefits of the said Act to such Charitable Institutior.8 and Societies, for the Purposes aforesaid, as may have omitted to regiller their Rules for the Distribution and Management of their Fund3, within the Time limited by the said recited Act; and also to such Charitable Institutions and Societies for the Purposes aforesaid, as have been instituted since the said recited Act, or may hereafter be instituttd p Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Maj-rfty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the All Friendly passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Members of any Charitable Institution or Society, which, ?T.u', r* at any Time before the passing of the said recited Act or tins Act. flnil have been tilabliftied, or which at any ^fn^or alterF Time after the passing of this Act shall and may be established in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland |>aili, cr die

for the Purposes aforesaid, to frame good and wholtfome Rules, Orders, and Regulations, for the Management recited Act may and Distribution of their Fuuds, and such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, from Time to Time to amend and Rult*s for

alter, and to make new Rules as occasion shall require, and as shall appear necessary to the Majority of the said nt

Societies respectively at their regular Publick Meetings, or any Adjournment thereof, so as such Rules, Orders, 0 lur un'J' and Regulations shall not be repugnant to the Laws i» force in Ireland\ or to any of the txptels Provisions or Regulations of the said recited Act.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, shall be exhibited in Su<h Rulrs fl. Jl Writing under the Sgnature of the Chairman, President, Moderator, or Kegiiter of Inch Soci tie., respectively, be submitred to with all convenient Speed after the fame Hi a li have been made, altered, or amended, to the Assistant lLrrifler Quarter and Justices of the Peace assembled at the General Quarter S ffions of the Peace, or at any Adjournment thereof,

in and for the County, County of a City, or County of a Town where such Charitable Institution or Society 1

(had be respectively established; and such Rules, Older?, and Regulation? shall be f'ilj^ft to the Review' of such Assistant Barrifttr and Justices; and in case such Rules, Orders, and Regulations lha 1 be found upon Examination by the said Assistant Barriller and Justices, either at the then or the then next subsequent S Ann to contain nothing repugnant to the Laws of this Realm, or the exprefa Provision of the said incited Ait, such Ash Lnt Barriller and Justices shall and may, and they are hereby authorized, empowered, and required to order the C'erk of the Peace to fu?n the fame, and to file a Duplicate cf such Rules, Order?, and Regulations, and to deposit the fame with the Rolls of said Siflions, in like Manner as is required by the said recited Act in other like Cases; And in case it shall happen that any such Charitable Institution or Society shall coufift of Members fefiding in more Counties than one, then and in such Case all such Rules, Orders, and Regulations may and shall be confirmed and registered as aforesaid by the Assistant Barriller and Justices in and for the County in which such Society shall be established, or in any other County feltfttd for that Purpose by such Society, and wherein any of the Members of such Society shall reside.

III. And be it further enacted, That all such Charitable Societies or Institution3 for the Purposes aforesaid, Soa.-M-, whose Rules, Orders, and Regulations shall at any Time after the passing of this Act be so approved and filed K»lrs. b<* f<» as herein directed, shall be entitled to the Benefit of the said recited Act of the Thirty-sixth Year aforesaid, and of all the Clauses and Provisions in the said Act contained, in relation to the Appointment of a Treasurer or tot c

Treasurer?, Trullcc or Trustees, and to the taking Security from such Treasurer, and to the Ending of any rcCltcu Art.

49 Geo. III. 3 B # Part

73°

Funds of the Societies shall be applied to the Purposes of the pocieiies only.

American Good* Itiay be imported into Great Britain in Amf-rican VeUV-h, on like Duties as if imported in Ships not Bulish-bullt,

5S Car. c. 1 8.

C. 58, 59, 60. 49° GEORGII III. A.D. 1809.

Part of the Capital Stock or Fund of such Societies or Institutions on Publick or Frivate Securitiea, and to the protesting, securing, transrerring, or recovering the fame; and the said recited Act shall extend and be conilrurd to extend to all such Charitable Institutions and Societies with relation to the several Matters before mentioned, as fully as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

IV. Provided always, and be it enactrd, That it shall not be lawful for any Treasurer or other Officer entrusted with Monies belonging to any such Charitable Society or Initiation for the Purposes afortfsiJ, to apply or appropriate any Part thereof under any Pretext whatever, to any Uses or Purposes other than the Payment of the Annuities to the Widows, Orphans, or Families of deceased Members of such ChuiuWe Societies or Institutions entitled to the fame, excepting only such reasonable Salary for his Trouble and Expcp.ce attending the Management of the Funds of any such Charitable Society or Institution respectively, as Itrul be allowed to such Treasurer or Officer in the regular Settlement of his Accounts, with the Members, Tu.Ueef, or Governors thereof j and that any Surplus remaining in the Hands of any Person being such Treasurercr other Officer, after paying the Annuities and deducting the Salary and Expences of Management as aforesaid, Hull be added to and accounted for as Part of the Capital Srock or Fund of the Charitable Society or Institution respectively, of which such Person shall be Treasurer or Officer respectively.

CAP. LIX.

An Act to permit the Trade between Great Britain and the United States of America to he carried on in Ships or Vessels belonging to the Inhabitants of the said States.

[3d June 1809.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to permit the Importation, into Great Britain, of G.»ois, Wares, and Merchandize of the Growth, Production, and Manufrfture of the United States of America. dia&Iy 1 from thence in Ships or Vessels belonging to the Subjtfts of those States Be it therefore enact.d by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, ani Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons to import into Great Britain dirtft'y from any of the Territories of the United State* of America, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, being of the Growth, Produce, and Minufc.ft; re of any of the said United States, which are not prohibited by Law to be imported from Foreign Countrier, in Ships or Vessels built in the Countries belonging to the United States of America, or any of them, or in Ships or Vessels taken by any of the Ships or Vessels of War belonging to the Government or any of the Inhabitants of the said United States having Commissions or Letters of Marque and Reprisal from the Government of the said United State3, and condemned as lawful Prize in any Court of Admiralty of the said United States, of which Condemnation Proof shall be given to the Commissioners of His Map?tty's Cadorns, or any Four or more of them, in England or Scotland respectively, and owned by the Subjtft-, of the said United States, if any of them, and whereof the Matter and Three-fourths of the Mariners at leatt areSubj^fts of the said United States; and to entertnd land such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, on Payment of such Duties as are or may be payable on Articles of the like Description when imported inco Great Britain in Ships or Vessels not being British*built; any Thing contained in an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of His Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation, or in any other Act or Act« of Parliament to the contrary not with'.landing.

Rv OrtUr of out til, during Hcliililirs, &c.

G«0J9, the Produce of any ( nuntry, may be imp* -r: ed imo the United Kingdom, from any l\m of I*' ii.jpr or Al iea, in British nr Friendly Ship, however igutid.

Importations r.ud. r fiTiiu'i" Drder* of ct'uuvil valid.

CAP. LX.

An Act for allowing the Importation from any Port in Europe or Africa, of Goods or Commodities the Growth or Produce of any Country, until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.

[3d June 1809.]

WHEREAS it is expedient, during the Continuance of Hofuhties, to allow the Importation of Goods

or Commodities, under certain CircumlUiice9, from Part* of Africa or Europe, from whence they

' cannot now be imported by Law; Be it therefore enactd by the King's rVoii Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice apd C mfent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act* during the Continuance of Hohiufies, and until S x Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, it shall and may be lawful, under any Order of Council already issued or to be ifhied, to import into the United Kingdom from anf Part of Europe or Africa in any British Ship or Vessel, or in any Ship or Vesstl belonging 10 anT Country in Amity with His Majesty, in any Manner navigated, an) Goods or Commodities which may be lawfully imported, being the Growth or Produce of any Country, upon Payment of the fame Duties, a 11 i'd subject to the same Rules, Regulations, and Reftiift: ons, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as the fame would be ftfbjvft to if imported directly from the Place of the Growth or Produce of such Goods or Commodities respedVivcl^t, u ^le fanjc Ships or Vessels rtfprftively. N

II. And be it further enact d. That every Importation of Goods or Commodities from a ny ^drt of Europe or Africa, under any Order of Council which ha9 already ilhied, and which would have been '.warranted by this Act, shall be deemed and taken to be good in Law, in the same Manner as if such Order bP^ been issued ia pursuance oi this Act, any Act or Adb now in force to the contrary notwithstanding. 1

A.D. 1809.

49 GEORGII III. C. 6r, 62. 731

Cap. Lxr.

An Act for making Sugar and Coffee of Martinique and Mariegalante liable to Duty on Importation as Sugar and Coffee not of the British Plantations.

[3d June 1809.]

WHEREAS the Islands of Martinique and Mariegalante in the West Indies have been surrendered to Hi*

Majesty's Arm«, and are now in His Majesty's Poffiffion; io consequence whereof the Trade of the said Islands is now by Law to be carried on in the same Manner as the Trade of the other British Colonies and

Plantations in the West Indies: And whereas it is expedient at present that Sugar and Coffee, the Growth,

Product'on, or Manufacture of the said Islands, fhoald not be permitted to be imported into this Kingdom

1 upon the fame Terms as Sugar and Coffee of the British Plantations; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Sugar and Cofftr# nnit Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and of Martinique, Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Sugar and Coffee,JC* hal, l*l° the Growth, Product on, or Manufcfture of the Islands of Martinique and Mariegalante, imported into this porruiun aT* Kingdom, shall be subject to the Payment of such Duties, and also to such Rules, Regulations, and Restrict'ons, su<4VairoflTre Penalties, and Forfeitures as are by Law imposed and provided, in the Case of Importations of Sugar and Coffee not of the IViuifc not of the British Plantations j any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding. Eanuiwon*.

CAP. LXII.

An Act to amend several Acts for the Prevention of Smuggling 5 for better securing the Duties on Coals, Culm, and Cinders; and for permitting the Exportation of Salt, Pepper, and Wine, from Guernsey or Jersey to Sark, in small Packages.

[3d June 1809.]

WHEREAS the Officers of the Customs and Excise, and other Persons authorized to make Seizures,

are frequently prevented from seizing Goods subjrft to Forfeiture, with which Ships, Vessels, and Boats may have been laden, by reason of the fame having been thrown overboard during the Chace; and if

such Ships are found light, or the Goods are not afterwards discovered and seized, the Persons on board are not liable to be arrested and detained under the Authority of an Act passed in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling: And whereas it is expedient 4aG. 3. c. 121 i 4 in certain Cases to make Provision for the Arret! and Detention ot Persons on board such Ships, Vessels, and

Boats, and for rewarding the Officers by whom such Persons are so arrested and detained; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Every IVrfon,

whenever any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, belonging in the Whole or in Part to His Majesty's Subject?, for which (not u r)

the Owner or Owners thereof are required to have a Licence for navigating the fame from the Lord High

Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners of the Admiralty for the Time being, or other Persons duly n\>d L>y

authorized to grant the fame, shall be found or dilcoveied to have been within Four or Eight Leagues of such the Admir.lcv,

Part of the Coatls of Great Britain or Ireland respectively, as are in any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on found withhuhe

and immediately before the pafli »u of th 13 Act dtUnified and specified as to such respective Distaoces of Four or E.mns herein

Eight Leagues, or found in any Part of the British or Irish Channel?, or else. where on the High Stas, within

One hundred Leagues of any Pdrt of the Coalts of Great Britain or Ireland, and any Person or Person6on board o(- tjw> (; u, .0

such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, shall, at any Time during the Chace, or previous to such Ship, Vessel, or Boat flwMl |>f. thrown

being tak.cn Possession of, within any or either of such Limits or Difiance aft resaid, unfiiip, or throw overboard overboard, shall the Cargo, or any Part of the Cargo, unless through any unavoidable Neccfiity or Distress, or for the Security forfeit io«l.

or Preservation of the Ship, Vessel, or Boat from the Dangers of the Seas, such Ship, Vessel, or Boat being

then laden with a legal Cargo, every Person or Persons found on board being a Subject or Subject* of His Majesty, and who shall not prove that he was only a Passenger on board such Ship, Veflkl, or Baal, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered as any like Penalty may be recovered under any Act or Acts relating lo the Revenue of Customs or Excise 111 the United Kingdom; and it shall be lawful for the Officer or And may hr dealt

Officers of the Army, Navy, or Marines, or of the Customs or Excise, by whom such Ship, Vessel, or Boat with as under

shall bt seized, and he and they is and are hereby authorized, empowered, and required to flop, arrefi, and 45 G. 1.1.121.

detain every such Person being a Subject of His Majesty, and such Person shall be dealt with as any Person is*" f 2

liable to be dealt with by virtue and 111 pursuance of the said recited Act passed in the Forty-fifth Year of His jj,

Majesty's Reign, for having been taken on board any Ship, Vessel, or Boat liable to Forfeiture by that or any C* J

other Act or Acts of Parliament, for being found or having been at Anchor, or hovering within any such

1) 1.lance of any of the Dominions of His Majesty, with such Goods on bna; d as subject such Ship, Vessel, or

Boat, or Goods to Forfeiture; or every such Person, being a Seaman or Seafaring Man, may be dealt with as

any Seaman or Seafaring Man may be dealt with by virtue and in nurfuance of an Act passed in the Forty-seventh

Year or' His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, Bn Act to make more effectual Provjion for the Prevention of

Smuggling \ and every Officer of the Army, Navy, or Marines, or of the Customs or Excite, shall have the like

Powers and Authorities and be entitled to and receive the like Reward or Rewards for and on account of every Person arrested and detained under the Authority of this Act, as is and are allowed and payable with respect

to any Person arrested and detained under the Authority of either of the said recited Acts, as fully and efle.ftually

to all Intents, Conit ruction?, and Purposes, as if each and every of the Clauses, Dirtftions, Towers, and

Authorities relative thereto were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

II.*Aud Whereas by an Act passed in the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled,

4. An Act to make more effectual Provison for the Prevention of Smuggling, ic is amongst other Things provided in 4 G.n. ft. J) 4 the Case of Seizures of Spirits, Tobacco, or Snuff made at Sea, or in any Port or Harbour, that if any Officer e. §6. §20,

4 of the Customs or Excise, or other l'crfons making such Seizure, Bull neither ieize and prosecutej nor cause

jl)i '10

73 Z

Reward to

Officers felzing Spirits concealed under Water, One Moiety of their Value.

4.S G. 3. c. 12J.

7.

47 G. 3. ft. 2. C. 06. §15.

Person* liable to be dttamed under recited A c\st who shall lu- found unfit to serve in the Nivy, Oiall forfeit lOol. &r. anti rnav he keid to Had, or committed by a Juitke oi l'cacc.

C. 62.'49° GEORGII III. A.D. 18c9,

4 to be seized and prosecuted the Ship, Wflel, or Boat, in or on board which such Spirits Tobacco, or Snuff shall be or dull have been brought, found, or seized, or which shall be used or employed in removing or eon- veying the fame, nor shall fLp, arrest, and detain the Persons, or some or one of them, who shall be or shall have been employed in navigating the Ship, Vessel, or B >at, in or on board which such Spirits, Tobacco, or Snuff shall be or shall have been brought, found, or seized, o»* in unlading, removing, or carrying such Sp rits,

Tobacco, or Snuff, nor shall not convey or cause every such Person so arreffed or detained to be taken or conveytrt before One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace to be dealt with according to Law, then and in evc-y such Case the Officer of the Customs or Excise, or other Persons making such Seizure, shall be entitled to and shall be paid only OnoFourth Part of the Value at which such Spirits, Tobacco, or Scuff shall be or shall have b*en respectively estimated or fixed according to the Directions of the said Act: And whereas the pernicious Pr?ft; ee of Smuggling by Means of sinking small Casks of Spirits at Sea, and within thr I/mits of the Ports of this Kingdom, and getting them up as Opportunity offers, appears to have been much r*farted to,

and it is therefore expedient to extend and increase the Rewards to Officers of the Customs and Exc fe, and other Persons legally authorized to make Seizures, by whose Exerron and Diligence such Practice iray be counteracted / Be it therefore enact*d, That m atl Cases where any such Officers and Perform ns aforesaid shall seize, within the Limits of any of the Ports of this Kingdom, or in any of the British or I rip: Channel?, or e'.fewhere on the High Seas, within One hundred Leagues of any Part of the Coa'is of Great Britain or IrcLnJ, any Spirits which shall have been sunk or concealed under or in the Water within such Limits cr Distance, every such Officer and Person so seizing such Spirits shall be, and he and they is and are hereby allowed One Moiety of the Value at which such Spirits shall be fixed or estimated as aforesaid; any Thing contend in the said recited Act or in any other Act or Aftvof Parliament to the contrary th*reoi in anywise rot wid.(landing.

III. ' And Whereas by the said Act made in the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of His prefant M jrtly, it 4 W39 enacted, that every Person being a Suljtft of His Majesty who (hon'd be found or taken on board, or discovered to have been on board any Ship, Vtflci, or Boat liable to Forfeiture as therein mentioned, and who should not prove that he was only a Pafiengtr on board such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, and every Person found aiding or assisting in unshipping to be laid on Land, or found carrying, conveying, concealing, or affiifing in the carrying away, conveying, or conceiling any Foreign Brandy, Rum, Geneva, or Spirits, in that Ad 4 men'ioned, should forfeit for every such Offence either Treble the Value of the Goods that Arnold be found or taken from such Person or Persons, or the Sum of One hundred Pounds, at the Option and subj-ft to the Election therein mentioned; and that it should be lawful for any Officer or Officers of the Army, Navy,

Marines, Customs, or Excise, and he and they was and were thereby authorized, empowered, and required to stop, arrest, and detain every such Person being a Subject of His Majesty, a^d to convey the said Person before One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace residing near to the Port or Place into which such Snip,

Vessel, or Boat should be taken or carried, or near to the Place where any such Person ftiou.d be so taken or arrested, and it should be lawful for such Justice or Justices of the Peace, and he and they was and were thereby required upon Proof on Oath by One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, that such Person was so found or taken, or discovered as aforesaid, unless any such Person found or taken or having been on board of any such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, should prove to the Satisfaction of such Justice that he was only a P^ffcnger on board such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, to hold such Person to bail with Two good and sufficient Sureties in the Sum of One hundred Pounds each for the Appearance of such Person to answer to any Indictment or Io*

formation that might be brought a^aintt him in that Behalf, and to pay such Penalty and abide any Judgment for any such Offence, and in default of any such Person finding such good and sufficient Bail as aforeM, or until the fame should be found, to commit such Person to any Gaol or Prison or House of Correction to answer

as aforesaid; and it is by the said Act provided, that if any such Person so found or discovered and taken as

aforesaid, should be capable and dtfirousof entering and ftrving as a Seaman or Marine in any of His Majesty's Ships of War, it should be lawful for the Officer or Officers of the Army, Navy, or Marines, or of the Customs or Excise by whom such Person was taken, arrested, and detained as aforesaid, or for any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate before whom any such Person might be carritd, and such Officer or Officers was and

Were thereby authorized, empowered, and required instead of taking such Person before 2t; y Justice or Magistrate, and such Justice or Magistrate was thereby authorized in Head of holding any such Person to*bail. to A'arry and convey, or cause to be carried or conveyed such Person on board any of His Majesty's Ships of War in order to his be; ng entered and received as a Seaman or Marine: And whereas by the said Act made in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, it was enacted, that it shall and may be lawful for any Officer of the Army, Navy, or Marines, or of the Customs or Excise, to detain, or to t*kc and carry any such Person as is therein mentioned, and every Person liable to be arrested and detained under that Act or the said Act made in the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of 11 is present Majesty, being a Seaman or Seafaring Mao,

4 to any Ship or Vessel of War in His Mapttv's Service, or to the Custody of any Officer employed in His Majesty's imprett Service, and that any such Person being such Seaman or S-afaring Man as aforesaid, might thereupon, if fit and able to serve IPs M^j.tty, be imprttted into His Majesty's Na'ul Service: And uhereai son e of the Persons f> liable to be arrested may be not fit or able to serve Majesty in his Naval Service,

and it is therefore expedient to make Inch Provision as is herein-asur mentioned with regard to such Pert nsj* Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, when any Person liable to be am tied or detained, and arrested or detained, under the said last-mentioned Acts or either of them, shall be found not tit or able t > serve His Majesty in his Naval Service, ai d shall be refused by any proper Naval Officer to be received into any such Naval Service, every such Person shall forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pou'ch; audit shall and may be lawful to and for any Officer or Officers of the Army, Navy, Marines, Customs, or Exc dr, and he and they is and are hereby authorized, empowered, and required to convey the said Person before One or more of His Majesty's Justice or Justices of the Peace, and it dull and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices

733

A.D. 18c>9* 490 GEORGII III. C. 62, 63*

of the Peace and he and they is and are hereby required upon Froof on Oath by One or more credible Witness or WitnesscB, that such Person was so liable to be arrested or detained, and has been so refused as being not fit or able to so serve His Majesty, to hold such Person to bail with Two or more good and sufficient Sureties in the Sum of One hundred Pounds each, for the Appearance of such Person to answer to any Information that may be brought or exhibited against him in that Brhalf, and to pay such Penalty, and in default of any such Person finding such good and sufficient Bail as aforesaid, or until the same shall be found, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices to commit such Person to any Gaol or Prison or House of Correction, there to remain until h? shall pay the said Penalty, or be delivered by due Course of Law.

IV. 1 And WfiereaR by the Laws in force for the better levying the Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Cinders, brought or carried Coastwise, the Meters, Weighers, or Measurers, are required to deliver a Certificate under

th ir Hands of the Sorts, Quantities, and Numbers of Chalders or Tuns of Coals, Culm, and Cinders, which shall be delivered by them from on board any Ship or Vessel, and it is therefore expedient to prevent any Coals,

Culm, or Cinders, being unshipped without their Presence or Perm flion Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, in case any Coals, (except Charcoal made of Wood, ) or any Culm or Cinders, brought Coastwise from any Port or Place in Great Britain into any Port or Place in England or Wales, shall be linthipped or delivered from any Ship or Vessel, without the Presence or Permission of the Mtteror other proper Officer appointed to measure or weigh the fame, according to the Directions of an Act passed in the Ninth and Tenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty federal Duties upon Coals and Culm, ad such Coals, Culm, and Cinders, (whether the Duties shall have been paid or not, ) (halt be forfeited and lost, and the same shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Coa's, Culm, and Cinders, seized under the Authority of this Act, shall and may be prosecuted, recovered and disposed of in like Manner, and by such Ways, Means, and Methods, 8$ any Forfeitures incurred for any Offence against the Laws of the Customs may now-be prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of, according to the Laws in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act.

VI. 4 And Whereas it is expedient to permit the Exportation of Salt, Pepper, and Wine from the Ifla-ds of9Guernsey or Jerseys for the Supply of the Ittand of Sark. in fmalier Packages than are now allowed by Law, under certain Regulations and Restrictions* Be it therefore en^.&ed. That it shall be lawful to export from either of the Blands of Guernsey and Jersey, at any One Time, any Quantity of Salt not exceeding Ten Buffirls, any Quantity of Pepper not exceeding Fifty Pounds Weight, or any Quantity of Wine not exceeding Ten Dozen reputed Quart Bottles, for the Supply of the said Island of Sark, and the said Articles may be so exported in any Boat not exceeding the Burthen of Ten Tons, such Boat having a Licence from the Principal Officers of the Customs at either of the said Blands of Guernsey and Jersey> for the Purpose of being employed in carrying Commodities for the Supply of the said Ittand of Sark, which Licence such Officer is hereby authorized and required to grant, without taking any Fee or Reward for the fame: Provided always, that every such Boat having on board at any One Time any greater Quantity of the respective Articles than what is permitted by tins Act, such Articles, if in Packages of less S ze or Content than prefenbed by the Laws in force, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Army, Navy, or Marines, or of the Customs or Excise.

CAP. LX III.

An Act for repealing the Duties on the Materials used in making Spread Window Glass and Crown Glass, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for the better Collection of the Lid Duties. [jd June 18 : 9.]

WHEREAS by certain Acts of Parliament in force at and immediately before the passing of this Act,

certain Duties of Excise are chargeable on the Materials, Metal, or other Preparations made Use of in Great Britain in the making of Spread Window Glass, commonly called or known by the Name of Broad9Glass 5 and also on the Materials, Metal, or other Preparations made Ule of in Great Britain in the making of all other Window Glass, not being Spread Glass, whether flashed or otherwise manufactured, and commonly called or known either by the Name of Crown Glass or German Sheet Glass, and certain Drawbacks are allowed on the Exportation of such Glass as Merchandize, and certain Countervailing Duties are also chargeable cn all such Glass as aforesaid made in Ireland and imported into Great Britain: And whereas it is expedient to re oral the said Duties and Drawbacks, and to impose other Duties and grant other Drawbacks in lieu thereof; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and ConiVnt of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and nine, all and singular the said Duties and Drawbacks ttiail cease and determine, and be no longer payable or paid, save ana except in all Calc.-> relating to the recovering, allowing, or paying any Arrears thereof rclpcCtmly, which may at any Time it main unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, relating thereto respectmly, which shall have been incurred at any Time before or on the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and nine.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and nine, in lieu and instead of the Duties by tins Ad repealed, there ttiail be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the several Ra: cs and Duties of Excise hectin-aiter mentioned; that is to say,

For every Hundred Weight of Spread Window GlaB, commonly called or known by the Name of Broad Glass, which shall be made in Great Britain, Fifteen Shillings, and so in proportion for any greater or kU Quantity:

For

CW % Sec.

unshipped without the Presence of the proper (JHioer, shall he forfeited,

9 & 10 \V, 3. c. 13.

Recovery and

Application of such Doiieiiures.

Saif, Pepper,

and Wine, may hr exported fioin Gtfernfev or

Jrrfey 10 S.nk, in certain fmi.ll Quantities, in not exceeding Ten Torn, lit ruled for the Purpose.

See Slots.

43 G.; l. c. 60: 4j G. 3. c. 30: 4&G.3. C. 139.

Duties and

D: auba< K on Windim. Glass, £xc. ihdli ccoit*.

N'f'iv Dufies in lieu c.f li'iviicr Duties.

British Spriad Glass.

4

734 c-3*

49» GEORGII III. A.D. 1809.

British Crown Glass.

Jrtffi Spread

Glass.

Irish Crown Glass.

Drawback*

allowed*

Duties shall be under Co»n-miHloners of Excise.

Dire^iom for the Conftnuttion of l lie Annealing Arch or Ovea.

penalty ool.

Tvon Grating shall he affixed t»i Entrance of Annealing Arrhj

x*ith Falitnin^s, See. Penalty on oppning Tame, utilels unlocked by Oihccrj &c.

/00U

For every Hundred Weight of all other Window Glaffl, not being Spread Glafa, whether flatbed or otherwise manufactured, and commonly called or known by the Name of Crown Glass, or German Sheet Glass, which shall be made in Great Britain, One Found Sixteen Shillings and Nmc-pence, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity:

For every Hundred Weight of Spread Window Glass, commonly called or known by the Name of Broad Glass, which shall be made in Ireland and imported from thence into Great Britain, a Countervailing Duty of Fifteen Shillings, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity:

For every Hundred Weight of all other Window Glass, not being Spread Glass, whether flashed or ©therwife munufactured, and commorly called or known by the Name of Crown Glass, or German Sheet Glass, which shall be made in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain, a Countervailing Qutyof One Pound Sixteen Shillings and Nine-pence, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

III. And be it further enacted, That the following Drawbacks shall be allowed; that is to far.

For every Hundred Weight of Spread Window Glass, commonly called or known by the Name of Broad Glass, made in Great Britain, and for which all the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported to Foreign Parts or to Ireland as Merchandize, a Drawback of Fifteen Shillings, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity:

For every Hundred Weight of all other Window Glass, not being Spread Glass, whether flashed or otherwise manufactured, and commonly called or known either by the Name of Crown Glass, or German Sheet Glass, made in Great Britain, and for which all the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported to Foreign Parts or to Ireland as Merchandize, a Drawback of One Pound Sixteen Shillings and Nine-pence, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

IV. And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties by this Act imposed, as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in England, for the Time being, and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, for the Time being.

V. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker or Makers of Spread Window Glass, or of Crown Glass respectively, shall, and he, she, and they is, and are hereby required, to erect, build, make, and construct, every Annealing Arch or O en, by him, her, or them intended to be made use of for the annealing of Spread Window Glass, or Crown Glass respectively, in a rectangular Form, with the Sides and Ends thereof perpendicular and parallel to each other respectively, and the Bottom thereof level, and with only one Mouth or Entrance into the fame, and shall number the fame progrtllively, with a durable Mark, and if any such Maker or Makers shall erect, build, make, or construct, any Annealing Arch or Oven, contrary to the Directions xif this Act, or shall neglect or refvfe to number or mark the fame according to the Directions of this Act, or shall make use of any Annealing Arch or Oven, not constructed in the Manner before directed, all and every such Maker and Makers so offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker or Makers of Spread Window Glas?, or of Crown Glass, shall at his, her, and their own Expence, find, provide, and affix, a good and sufficient Iron Grating to the Mouth or Entrance of every Annealing Arch and Oven, by him, her, or them intended to be made Use of, for the annealing of Spread Window Glaf3, or Crown Glass respectively, such Iron Grating to be approved of in Writing, by and under the Hand of the respective Surveyors or Supervisors of Excise, of the JDivition or Dittrift, within which such Annealing Arch or Oven shall be situate, and proper Locks and Keys, and all other nect ssary Battenings for securing and sealing every such Annealing Arch and Oven, and the Mouth or Er trance, and Iron Grating thereof, shall be provided by the respective Surveyors and Supervisors of Excise, of such Division or Dillrift, at the Expence of such Maker or Makers, and when and so soon as any such Maker or Makers shall have delivered or ought to have delivered, the Declaration of the Number of Tables put or drpofited or contained in any such Annealing Arch or Oven, as by this Act is directed and required, the proper Officer or Officers of Excise shall immediately lock, fallen, and seal every such Annealing Arch or Oven, and the Mouth or Entrance, and Iron Grating thereof, and shall keep the fame locked, sealed, and fattened, from the Time such Declaration as aforesaid shall be or ought to have been given, until the Glass contained in such Annealing Arch or Oven shall be taken out in the Presence of the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, for the Purpose of being weighed and charged, and if any such Maker or Makers shall neglect or refute at Ins, her, and their own Expence, to find or provide such good and sufficient Iron Grating, or to affix the fame in the Manner herein directed, before such Annealing Arch or Oven shall be made Use of as aforesaid, or to pay for any Lock, Key, or other necess.iry Fattening. which shall be provided by any Surveyor or Supervisor of Excise, according to the Directions of this Act, or if any Person or Persons shall obstruct or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excise, or any Person or Persons by him or them employed in that Behalf, in the fixing or placing any such Fallening, in such Manner as such Officer or Officers shall direct or think expedient to answer the Purposeaby this Act in that Behalf intended, or in the locking, sealing, or securing any such Annealing Arch or Oven, or the Mouth or Entrance or Iron Grating thereof, or any such Fattening as aforesaid, or by any Means Art, Device, or Contrivance whatsoever, shall open any such Lock or Annealing Arch or Oven, or the Mouth, Entrance, or Iron Giating thereof, after the same shall have been locked, sealed, fattened, or Cecured as aforesaid, before the same shall have be: n unlocked and opened by the proper Officer of Excise, or shall wilfully break or damage any such Lock, Seal, or Fattening, every such Maker or Makers, or other Person or Persons so offending, shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That where any Lock*, Keys, or Fastening3, shall be provided in pursuance jof this Act, all and every Miker and Makers of Spread Window Glass or Crown Glass respectively, to whom such Locks, Keys, and Fattcninga respectively shall then belong, shall, at his, her, or their own Expence,

from

A.D. 1809, 49° GEORGII III.

from Time to Tim*, and at all Times when required so to do by the respective Surveyors or Supervifora of LocU and Excise of the Division or District in which such his, her, or their Glass House shall be situate, immediately set fliaf!

about altering, repairing, and amending; and shall also, within a reasonable Time then next following, alter, J0 " repair, and amend the lame respectively according to such Requisition; and if any such Maker or Makers of ^Vrcqiifod. Spread Window Glass or Crown Glass respectively, to whom any such Locks, Keys, and Fastenings, or any f*»Ua!iy sol. or either of them shall belong, shall negk ft or refuse immediately to set about the altering, repairing, or amending the same, " or to repair, amend, or alter the fame when thereunto required, according to the Directions of this Act, he, she, or they shall, for each and every such Neglect or Refusal, forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

VIII. And be it further enact-d, That when any Maker or Makers of Spread Window Glass or Crown Noticeofheating

Glass respectively shall be dtfirou* to prepare, li?ht, or kmdle any Fire, to heat his, her, or their Annealing the Annealing Arch or Oven, into which any Spread Window Glass or Crown Glass is intended to be put or deposited, for the

Purpose of annealing the fame, such Maker or Makers shall give to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey he, o'/; "T°C*(he, or they shall th*.*n be, S; x Hours Notice in Writing of his, her, or their Intention; and if any such Maker ptiui^ 5oI.

or M.ikera shall negU ft or refuse to prepare, light, and kindle such Fire within One Hour afrer the Time mentioned in such Notice, then such Notice shall be void, and such Maker or Makers shall give the like and a fresh Notice in Writing to such Officer before he, she, or they, shall prepare, kindle, or light a Fire in any such Annealing Arch or Oven: ami if any such Maker or Makers shall light or kindle a Fire in any such Annealing Arch or Oven, without having given such previous Notice as aforesaid, he, she, or they shall, for evtiy such Offence, forfeit the Sum of* F.fty Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and Makers of Spread Window Glass or Crown p, lane.n* for Glass resp.ft'vely, shall, when and so soon as the same shall be federally and respectively made or flashed, remove punu^thcGUs all and singular the Spread Window Glass and Crown Glass respectively by him, her, or them so madt or flatbed, "!'*«> flatbed iwo directly into such Annealing Arch or Arches, or Oven or Ovens, and shall there place and depufic the fame in AimcuUug Arch, such Manner and Form as the Officer or Officers of Excise under whose Survey such Maker or Makers shall tnea

be, shall approve, and so that the fame may, so far as the Nature of the Cjfe will admit, be the most easily and

freurcly viewed, infpi&td, and examined, and the Numbers and K'nds thereof respectively judged of in each

and every such Annealing Arch or Oven; and no such Maker or Makers shall at One and the same Time put,

place, have, or keep, in any such Annealing Arch or Oven, any Spread Window Glass and Crown GUf»; nor

shall any such Maker or Makers put, place, or keep, any other Sort or Species of Glass or Gift* Wares

whatever, in any such Annealing Arch or Oven entered or mad^tife of for the annealing of Spread Window

Glass or Crown Glass resp-. ftively; and if any such Maker or Makers shall negk ft or refuse to remove, when and

so soon as the same shall be made or flashed, any such Spread Window Glass or Crown GlaCa by him, her, or them made, dinft!y into such Annealing Arch or Arches, or Oven or Ovens, or to place or depofu any such

Spread Window Glass or Crown Glass in Manner and Form as aforesaid; or if any such Maker or Makers fhdl

at One and the same Time put, place, or keep, in any such Annealing Arch or Oven, any Spread Window Glass

and Crown Glafe, or shall put, place, have, or keep, any other Sort or Species of Glass or Glass Warts

whatever, in any Annealing Arch or Oven entered or made use of for the annealing of Spread Window Glass Penalty tool,

or Crown Glass. every such Maker or Makers so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose

the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

X. And be it further enactrd, That before any such Maker or Makers of Spread Window Glass or Crown pcfore clofin* Glass fhril begin to close or ltop up any Annealing Arch or Oven, containing any Spread Window GUfs or Annealing Auh Crown Glass, he, she, or they, Hull deliver to the proper Officer of Excise a Declaration in Writing, specifying Declaration of the true Number of Tables of Spread Glass or Crown Glass respectively put, or deposited and contained in each and every such Annealing Arch respectively; and if any such Maker or Makers shall neglect or refuse to deliver

such Declaration in Writing as last aforesaid, every such Maker or Makers so offending shall, for each and every I'eriaHy iol. such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Twenty Pounds. Scales and

XI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and Makers of Spread Window Glass or Crown Glass YVuglns n>all W wfptft vely shall, and he, (he, and they is and are hereby required to keep sufficient and jult Scales and Weights pw*icM ae the at the Place or Places where he, she, or they shall make or manuUfturc Spread Window Glass or Crown Glass Uouie. resptftwely, and shall, at his, her, and their own Expence, find, provide, and affix, within such his, her, or their Glass House, and within View of the Annealing Arches or Ovens thereof, a fit and proper Hook or Staple in a proper Place to be approved of in Writing by and under the Hands of the respective Surveyor or Supervifora of Excise of the Division or District in which such his, her, or their Glafa House shall be situate, and also permit and suffer any Officer or Officers of Excise to life the fame, for the Purpose of weighing and taking an Account of the Spread Window and Crown Glass respectively which shall at any Time be in the possession of inch Maker and Makers of Spread Window Glass or Crown Glass respectively; and if any such Maker or Makers shall neglrft*

to keep such Scales and Weights, or either of them, or shall not, at hia, her, or their own Expence, hud, provide, and affix in Manner aforesaid, a fit and proper Hook or Staple, in a proper and convenient Place to be approved of in Writing by and under the Hands of the respective Surveyors or Supervisors of Excise of the Division or Did rift in which such his, her, or their Gtafs House shall be littiLte, or shall not permit or (uffVrany Officer or Officers of Excise to use the fame, such Maker or Makers shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and if any such Maker or Makers of Spread Window Glass or Crow n GUfs respectively, dull in the Weighing of any such Spread Window Glass or Crown GUfa make use of, or cause, or procuTf, or suffer to be made use of any false, urjuft, or insufficient Scales or Weights, or lhai practise any Art, Device, or Contrivance, by which any such Officer or Officers may be hindered orprevenitd from taking the just and true Weight of any such Spread Window G'afs or Crown Glass, then and in every such Case such Makers or Maktrt shall, for each. and every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, wuV

C. 6 3. 735

73$

Notice before Cilai's is drawn from the Annealing Arch,

be.

Penalty on Neglect, be. lOOl.

7n weih'rif. Turn of the Seale Ami. he in Favour of the Crown,

BrjruhuiC'OS for wei^hiiiiT ot f'.'afs, alter it.has brm iiepoiiut!, be.

Penalty on Makers for Ncgittff, tool.

C. 63. 49° GEORGII III. A.D. 1809.

all such falf", unjull, or insufficietit Scales and Weights respectively, and the same shall and majr be seized by any-Officer or Officers of Excise.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and Makers of Spread Window Glafa or Crown Glass respectively, being desirous to draw or take any Spread Window Glass or Crown GUIs respectively, from or out of any Annealing Arch or Arches, or Oven or Ovens, to him, her, or them belonging, shall by the Space of Twelve Hours next before the Beginning to draw or take any such Spread Window Glass or Grown Glass respectively. from or out of any such Annealing Arch or Arches, or Oven or Ovens, give to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey, he, she, or they shall then be, a Notice in Writing of his, her, or their Intention, fpreifying each particular Arch or Oven, and the Number thereof from and out of which it is intended to take such Spread Window Glass or Crown Glass respectively, and the particular Time and Hour at which it is so intended to begin to draw or take the fame from or out of such Annealing Arch or Arches, or Oven or Oven?, and upon such Notice being given, such Officer shall attend at the Time mentioned in such Notice, and shall unlock and open such Annealing Arch or Arches, and Oven and Ovens, for the Purpose aforesaid, and such OffLerfliill also attend to see the Whole 2nd all and every Part of such Spread Window Glass or Crown Glass respectively, drawn or taken from and out of such Annealing Arch or Arches, and Oven and Ovens, and such Maker or Makers flioll immediately on such Officer's Attendance begin to draw and take, and shall proceed and continue without any unnect flary Delay or Interruption to draw and take from and out of such Annealing Arch and Atchu, or Oven or Ovens, the Whole and a.I and every Part of the Spread Window Glass or Crown Glass resptftivtly. and such Maker or Makers shill immediately on Inch Spread Window Glaffi or Cro wn Glass respectively being so drawn or taken from or out of such Annealing Arch or Oven proceed to weigh and firdl weigh the Whole and all and cvety Part thereof with such Scales and Weights as aforesaid, in the Presence of such Offier, and such MAer or Makers respectively shall be charged with and Hull pay the Duty for and in resptA of such Glass respectively according to such Weight; and if any such Mak<r or Makers of Spread Window G!afs cr Crown Glass respectively, having given such Notice, and begun to draw or take ary such Spread Window Glass or Gown O afs rtfp; £lively, trom or out of his, her, or their Annealing Arch or Arches, or Oven or Ovens, shall not proceed and continue without any unr.ecefTiry Delay or Interruption to draw and take the Whole and all and every Part of such Spread Window Glass and Crown G afs respectively, from and out of such Annealing Archor Arches, and Oven and Ovens, and proceed and continue to weigh the same as herdn-before dmftrd, tvtry such Miker and Maktrs so offending shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of O.ic hundred Pounds; and if any such M*ker or Milkers of Spread Window Glass or Crown Glas. rdp'-devdy Lit aforesaid, (had neglect or refuse to begin to draw or take such Spread Window Glass or Crown G ats resp oc ve.y, from or out of his her, or their Annealing Arch or Arches, or Oven or Ovens, imn.cdi '.uly after inch Annealing Arch or Arches, or Oven or Ovens, and the Mouths or Entrances, and Iron Gratings thereof fa : I1 be opened by such Officer, then such Notice shall be void, and such Oili : cr fhJl ngffiu immediately lock up, fallen, and (cal each and every such Annealing Arch or Oven, and the Mouth or Entrance, and Ii m Grating thereof m Man if aforesaid, and such M^ker and Makers shall give the tike, and a fnlh Notice in Writing to such Officer before any such Annealing Arch or Oven, or the Mouth or Entrance, 01 Iron Grating thereof shall be again epen: Provided always, that no such Maker or Makers of Spread Window GEL or Crown Glals shill be at Liberty to give any such Notice to draw or take any such Spread Window Glass or Crown G afs resptclivdy fri m or out of any of h'?, her, or their Annealing Archc3 or Ovens except in the Day-time, and that between the Hours of Six in the Momirg md S'.x in the Afternoon, and that every Notice given for the drawing or taking gry such Sarcad Window Glais or Crown Glass respectively from or out of any Annealing Arch or Oven at any Id Hirer Time other than in the D ly-time, and that between the Hours of Six in the Morning and Six in the Afternoon, (hid and the fame is hereby declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purposes wh itfotver.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in the Weighing as aforesaid of any such Spread Window Glass or Crown Glass respectively, die Turn of the Scale shall be given in favour of the Crown, and in lien thereof there shall be allowed to Inch Maker or Makers of such Spread Window Glass or Crown Glas; r<fmCb ively, O t Pound Weight upon each and every One hundred Pounds of such Spread Window Glass or Croivn Glass rtfp-&; vcly so weighed,

XIV. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as any Spread Window Glass or Crown G!?.fcftnll be weighed by the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, the same shall be forthwith placid or deposited in a con-v nient Room or P ace fep wate and apart from all other Glass or Glass Wares whatsoever, and such Spread Window OLfs or Crown Glass shall remain in such Room or Place where so placed or deposited for the full Space of S x Hours after the fame dull have been so weighed as aforesaid, unless iht farne shall have been foonir weighed or re-weighed by the rtfptdlive Surveyors or Supervisors of Excise, to the end that the said Surveyor? or Supervisors respectively may have an Opportunity to weigh or re-weigh the fame, and the said respective Surveyor* or Sup-rviiors are hertby authorized and empowered to weigh or re-weigh all such Spread Window Glass and C o; vn Glass accordingly, and if upon the re-wtighing thereof any additional Weight ffidl be discovered or found, such additional Weight of Spread Window Glass and Crown Glass respectively shall be chargeable and charged with the rfptdive Duties by Law payable for such Glaf3 tefpeclively, and if any such Maker or M ken of Sprea 1 Window Glass or Crow n Glass shall refuse or ntglecf to place and deposit such Spread Window Glass or Crown G afs in such convenient Room or Place as aforesaid, separate ard apart from all other Giaff or Glass \Vrares whatsoever, or shall remove or convey, or cause, procure or suffer to be removed or conveyed from or out of such Room or Place as aforesaid any Spread Window G afs or Crown Glass before the End or Expiratior of Six Hours next after the same shall have been so weighed as aforesaid by the proper Officer of Ex'-ife, unit fs the same shall have been sooner weighed or re*weighed by the resptdlive Surveyors or Supervisors of Excise, every such Maker or Makers of Spread Window GUIs ot Crown Glass shall for each and every such Offence forfeit One hundred Pounds.

XV.

I

V

Gi'r'V

i J- '

n

sfi

u>'

vi; .-

A.D. 1809. 49° GEORGII III. C. 63.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and Makers of Spread Window Glass or Crown Glass shall, when and so often as he, she, or they shall be thereunto required by the Officer or Officers of Excise under whose Survey he, she, or they shall then be, with a sufficirnt Number of his, htr, or their Servants, aid and affiil to the utmost of his, her, or their Power, such Officer or Officers, or Surveyor or Super vi for in weigh* iig and taking an Account, cr in re-weighing ami tak*ng an Account of all Spread Window GRls or Crown Glass respectively of such Maker or Maktrs, on pain of forfeiting for every Neglet\ or Rcfuf.il the Sum of Or.e hundred Pour dr.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Maker or Makers of Spread Window G af-» or Crown Glass should convey away any Spread Window GUfs or Crown G'afs from any Annealing Arch or Oven before the proper Officer of Excise shall have weighed the lame, or (had neglect or refuse to produce any such Spread Window Glass or Crown Glass to such Officer the?t he may weigh ti e lame according to the D: rtdPons of this Act, he, she, or they shall for each a: d every such Offeree fors.it and !o(e the Sum of One hundred Pound?.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Mikcr and Makers of Spread Window Glass or Crown Glass, shall from Time to Time ard at all Times keep all Spread Window Glass or Crown G'afs respectively in his, her, or their Custody or Pcff ffion, and vvh cli shall not havt been weighed by the Gilt-eros Excffe according to the Directions of this Act. separat# and apMt from all Sort ad Window Glals and Crown Ginla Ttfpeciiveiv, wb»ch shall have been weighed, and from all other Glass Waits whatsoever, upon Pain of forfeiting for every such Offence the Sum of Oik hundred Pounds.

XVIII. And be it further en?& d, That if any Maker or Makers of Spread Window or Crown G!afr, shall for the annealing of any Spread Window Glass or Crown Glass makt uie of any private or concealed Annea'ing Arch, Oven, Utenfd, or Place whatever, other than his, h-r, or their known Annealirg Aich or Arches entered for that Puroofe, or if any such Maker or Makers shall fraudulently remove or co.uvev away' any Spread, Windov G'afs or Crown Glass, before the laine shall have been weiuhed by the proper Officer or Offi; ers of Excise, or shall fraudulently hide or conceal any Spread Window Glals, or Crown Glass, each ard every such Maker or Makers offending, shall for each and tvtry such Offence, iorlut and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XIX. And be it further enacted, that no M.ker or Makers of Spread Window Glass or Crown Glass respectively, shall make or manufacture within the same Glass House or Building, by him, lur, or them erected, or tiled for the making or manufacturing of Spread Window Glass, or m any Glass House or Building adjoining thereto, any other Sort or Species of Glass or Glals Warte whatever, nor shall make or manufacturt within the same Glass House or Building, by him, her, or them entered or used for the making or manufcAurmsr of Crowm Glass, or in any House or Building adjoining thereto, any o»her Sort or Species of Glass or Glass Wares, five and except Plate Glass; and if any tuch Maker or Makers of Spread Glass shall make or manufacture within the same Glass House or Building, by him, her, 01 them entered or used for the making or manufacturing of Spread Window Glass, or in any Glass House or Building adjoining thereto, any other Species of GUfs or Glass Wares, or if any Maker or Makeis of Crown Glass, shall make or manufacture within the same Glals House or Building, by him, her, or them entered or used for the making or manufacturing of Crown Glass, or in any Glass House or Building adjoining thereto, any other Sort or Species of Glass or Glass Ware?, save and except Plate Glass as aforesaid, every such Maker or Makers respectively, shall for each and every such Offence, forfeit and loi« the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XX. And be it further tna&ed, That if any Officer or Officers of Excise shall have cauffi to suspefl that any Spread Window Glass, or Crown Glass respectively, (h<«U have been fraudulently removed or conveyed away before the same shall have been weighed by the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, according to the Directions of this Act, shall be droofiud, lodged, h; d, or concealed in any Place or Places whatsoever, the-n and in such Case, il such Place or Places shall be within the Citiis of London cv H'cjltriwjler, or within the L; mils of the Chief Office of Excise in London, upon Oath made by such Officer or Officers before the CommnTi ners of Excise in England for the Time being, or any Two or more of them, or in case such Place shall be in any other Part of Great Britain, upon Oath made by such Officer or Officers before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding. Division, or Place, where such Officer or Officers shall suspect (he fame to be deposited, lodged, hid, or concealed, which respective Oaths they the said Commissioners ol Excile, or any Two or more of them, and Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively, are hereby authorized and empowered to adm<niiler, setting forth the Ground of his or their Suspicion, it shall and may be lawful to anc for the said Commissioners of Excise, or any Two or more of them, or the Juiiice or Justices of the Peace respectively, as the Calc may require, before whom such Oath shall be made, it they or he dull judge it reasonable, by Special Warrant or Warrants under his and their respective Hands and S.-als, to authorize and empower such Officer or Officers by Day or by Night, but if in the Night Tiitk in the Preftnce of a Conilabie or other lawful Officer of the I5- ace, to enter irto all arid every such Ihace or Places where he or they shall so fufpcdf such Spread Window Glass or Cfouu Glass rrfptdtively to be depoftud, lodkjed, hid. or concealed, and to seize and carry away all such Spread Window Glass and Crown Glass respectively. which he or they shall then and there find so deposited. lodged, hid, or concealed, as forfeited; aui if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall let, obstruct, or hinder any such Officer or Officers so author; zed and empowered, or any other Person or Persons idling in his or thur Atd or Afihbrce in the Execution of Inch Warrant, from entering any such Place or Places where Inch Officer or Officers shall so fulptdl Inch Spread Window Glass or Crown Glass resptCbvely to be so depoficed, iodged, hid, or concealed, or in lc'zing or carrying away the fame, or in the due Execution ofcnv inch Warrant, the Person or PcHons so offending shall for each and every such Offence severally tdrteit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Puffins shall obltiuCi, cr hinder any Officer or Officers of Excise in the Execution uf auy of the Powers or Authorities to hira or them given, or granted by this or any other Act or Acta of Parliament relating, to Glass, the Ptrfoi; 01- Person», fp offending therein, shall

49 Geo. III. '5 C foe

737

Makers fb^II a (Till Officer* in wriidiinij.

Penally 1001.

]\ na'ty on conv< yir>s Olafii from Anwaltnx

An l» i; el<*ve U'lUOl,

<T. : f» shall h.'

k* }»t a; an till if.

IVnouy oof.

Pf nn'.rv oil uC.ng umniU'icii Anin'.Ji?"' or n sr ov 111*5 Olu1> 1.it Hashed, JOOl.

iVnahy on MaV »'i !> nianu-fuTuirin^ »lil* frn-lil Soft* of (iUfs io tl*« fru a Place, 50l.

For r<*rotrrin£ filais traiulw-Icnily couvcje4 a1.'.ay.

Prnfthy* iVrfontf ohllni'A-ttij; tl v Hi.to-vuy, lOOl.

Peoa'ty oa ol*dru<fiinsf Offices»| UOOl*

738

Penalties and Forfeitures shall he levied under Excise Laws.

Powers of former Acts extended to this A<Tt.

Duties shall be carried to Confo-lkkted Fund.

45 G. 3. C. 30.

4t G. a. c. 70.

In what Manner the Accm/nt of the Duties shall W kept.

Commencement

of a a.

Continuanct two Years.

4* G. a. C. 149* id.

0.63, 64. 49 GEORGII III. A.D. 1809.

for each and every such Offence, other than for those for which any Penalty if herein before specially imposed or provided, severally forfeit the Sum of Three hundred Pounds: Provided always, nevertheleft, that nothin# in this Act contained shall extend or be conOruedto extend to make it unlawful to or for any Officer or Officers of Excise, from Time to Time, an 1 at ail Tunes to infptd, examine, gaugr, or otherwise to take an Account of the Metal and Materials mixed and prepared or founded, or founding for the making of Glass in any such Glass House or Building as aforesaid. as well before such Metal or Material* shall be put into any Pot or Pot?, ai after the same shall be put into any Pot or Pots, or to take a Sample or Samples not exceeding Four Ounces in the Whole, out of each such Pot or any other Vessel or Utensil containing such Preparation for making Glass

XXII. And be it further rnad?d, That all FineR, Penalties, and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, shall be filed for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Fire, Penalty, or Forfeiture, is or may be sued for, recovered, leved, or mitigated, by any Law or Law« ot Excise, orbyA&ionof Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster^ or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland* and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, His Hei»sand Suce« flora, and the other Moiety to him, her, or them who shall discover, inform, or sue for the fame,

XXIII. And be it further enedd, That all the Power?, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Direct ons, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Provisoes, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which in and by an Act or Act of Parliament relating to (he Duties on GUIs, or on the Materials or Metal, or other Preparation made ule ot in Great Britain, in the making of Glass* or to the paying or allowing of anr Drawback on the Exportation of Glass, in force immediately before the pafliner of this Act are contained, provided, settled, or established, for managing, assefling, raising, levying, colkd ng, recovering, adjudging, mitigating, ascertaining, enforcing, and securing the said Duties, or for paying or allowing any Drawback of the said Duties, and for preventing, dettding, and punishing Frauds relating thereto, except where the same are expressly altered by this Act, shall be and remain in full Force and Efhd to all Intents and Purposes, and the said Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Direction9, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and Things, (except as before excepted), shall continue and be duly observed, practised, applied, used, and put in Execution, throughout the whole Kingdom of Great Britain, as fully and efft&ually to all Intents and Purposes (except as before excepted) as if the said Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and Things, had been expressly inserted and re-enacted in this present Act

XXIVr And be it further enacted, That all Monies arising by the Duties by this Act imposed (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted) shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain.

XXV. And whereas by an Act passed in the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

An Act for granting unto His Majesty several additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain 5 it is provided, That the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or thf Lord High Treasurerfor

the Time being, shall for the Period of Ten Years from the Commencement of the said Act, causea separate and distinct Account of the additional Duties by the said Act granted, to be prepared and annually laid before

Parliament, pursuant to an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for directing certain Publick Accounts to be laid annually before Parliament, and for difeoniinuing certain ether 1 Forms of Account now in Use 1 and whereas One-third Part of the Duties by this Act repealed, and in Jieu of which other Duties are by this Act imposed, constituted, and made Part of the additional Duties granted by the said Act of the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and it is therefore expedient thit Provision should be made for ascertaining the Produce of One-third Part of the Duties by this Act imposed 5? Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the said First Day of August* One thousand eight hundred and nioe, the Whole of the Duties granted by this Act shall be entered together in One Account; but that the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, or Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them for the Time being shall, for and during the Remainder of the said Period of Ten Years, to be computed from the Commencement of the said Act passed in the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, cause a separate and distinct Account of One-third Part of the Duties by this Act granted to be mide out in such Manner and Form as shall appear to the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, or the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them for the Time being, best adapted to ascertain the Aitaount of One-third Part of the said Duties, which* Account the said Lord High Treasurerfor the Time being, or the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them for the Time being, are hereby required to cause to be laid before Parliament, together with the Publick Accounts directed to be laid before Parliament, pursuant to the Provisions of the said Act passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty*

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Effed, as to alt such Matters and Things thereio contained, in respect whereof no special Commencement is hereby directed or provided, from and immediately after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and nine, and shall remain and continue in force for the Space of Two Years, to be computed from that Day.

CAP. LXIV.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Jiaft Session of Parliament, for enabling the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to grant Life Annuities.

[3d June 1809.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Uft Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for enabling the ComW mifjionert for the ReduBinn of the National Debt to grant Life Annuities, and it was thereby prorided, that the total Amount of any Annuity or Annuities to be granted upon the Continuance of the Life of any One

} 4 Nominee,

A.D. 1809. 49 GEORGII III. C. 64, 65.

Nominee, should not m any Case, except as therein is excepted, exceed the Anneal Sum of One thousand 4 'Pounds, and that the total Amount of any Annuity or Annuities to be granted upon the Continuance of the Lives of any Two Nominees, or of the Life of the longer Liver of them, should notin any Case (except as aforesaid)

exceed the annual Sum of One thousand five hundred Pounds: And whereas it is expedient to enable the granting of Life Annuities to a larger Amount than is limited by the said recited Act; Be it therefore enadid, by the Khg's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this A &, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, to grant under the Provisions of the said recited Act any Annuity or Annuities of any Annual Amount, upon the Continuance either of the Life of any One Nominee or of the Lives of any Two Nominees, and of the Life of the longer Liver of them, so as the fame do not in any Case exceed the Annual Sum of Three tl.oufand Pounds, except in such Cases wherein by the said recited Act an Annuity or Annuities to a larger Amount than is thereby limited, is or are, under the Restrictions and Provisions therein contained, authorized to be granted, in which Cases it shall also be lawful, under the like Reftr d ous and Provisions, to grant any Annuity to a larger Amount than by this Act is provided, any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

II.*And whereas for enabling the Receipt of Half yearly Payments of Life Annuities granted under the Provisions of the said recited Act, certain Certificates and Affidavits are thereby required to be produced to the9 Officer appointed in pursuance thereof, in Proof that the respective Nominees of such Annuities are living at the Time of the respedire Half-yearly Payments thereof becoming due, and such Officer is thereupon required, upon the Production of such Certificates and Affidavit to grant a Certificate in the Form in the Schedule to the said Act annexed, marked (F.) for authorizing such Half-yearly Payments at the Bank of England: And whereas it is expedient to dispense with the Production of the said Certificates and Affidavits in Cases where the respective Nominee shall appear personally before the said Officer, and such Officer shall be satisfied of the Identity of such Nominees* Be it therefore further enacted, That in case any Nominee on whose Life any Annuity shall depend, whether singly or jointly with any other Nominee, shall appear personally before the Officer appointed in pursuance of the said recited Act, on the Day on which a Half-yearly Payment of the said Annuity shall become due, or on any Day subsequent thereto, it shall be lawful for the said Officer, in case he shall be satisfied of the Identity of such Nominee to grant a Certificate in the Form specifiedin the Schedule to this Act annexed, although the Certificates and Affidavits required by the said Act shall not be produced to him, which Certificate to be granted by the said Officer in pursuance of this Act, being produced to and lodged with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall be sufficient to authorize them, and they are hereby required to pay to the Person entitled to receive the said Annuity, not only the Half yearly Payment thereof which shall have become due on the Day on which any such Nominee shall be certified as living, but also all preceding Half-yearly Payments of such Annuity which shall have become due, but which shall cot have been paid, any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully, falsely, and deceitfully, personate any true and real Nominee or Nominees, or shall wilfully, falsely, and deceitfully represent any other Person or Persons than the true and real Nominee or Nominees to be such true or real Nominee or Nominees, or shall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or ad, or assist in forging, counterfeiting, or altering any Certificate or Certificates to be granted by the said Officer in pursuance of this Act, or shall utter any such forged Certificate knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, with Intent to defraud His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, then and in every such Case all and every such Person or Persons so offending, and bting thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

FORM of CERTIFICATE to be granted, in order to enable the Receipt of the Annuity from Time

to Time at the Bank of England.

4 T DO hereby certify to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in pursuance of the Provisions of

4 an Act passed in the Forty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present M j.-lly, intituled, An Act [here insert the Title of this Act] that A* B. the Nominee [or in case of Two Nominees, One of the Two Nominees]

described in the Certificate No. of the Day of granted

for the Purpose of enabling the Transfer of Three Pounds per Ceutvm Consolidated [or Reduced]

Bank Annuities for the Purchase of a Life Annuity on the Life of the said [or of the Lives

4 of the said and and the Life of the longer Liver of their.] appeared

personally before me, on the Day of Witncls my Ham] this

"Dayef 18 .*

739

Lifi* Annuities under rerit*«d Act extended to 3000). &c.

InlWd of the CertificaP's, &c. required by 48 G. 3. c. 142. $ 16 — 1 8. for Payment of Annuities, the Certificate in the Schedule shall be tiled, where the Nominees ajqicar.

Pertbnntnrg Nominees or forging Certificates, Felony,

CAP. LXV.

An Act for giving Jurisdiction to Justices of the Peace to hear and determine Prosecutiom for Penalties incurred by any Offence again! the Laws relating to the Revenue of Customs; and also requiring all Goods, customable and not exciseable, seized by any Police or Peace Officer to be brought to the Custom-House Warehouse in Lcnden, within a certain Period.

[3d June 1809.]

WHEREAS Doubts have arisen as to the Jurisdiction of His Majesty's Justicea of the Peace in Cases of Prosecution for Penalties incurred by certain Offences against the Laws relating to His Majesty's Revenue*of Customs: And whereas it is expedient that the said Justicea should have Jurisdiction in>such Cases; Be it

SC»' GOOgl^efore

Jurisiil'ftion to two Justices lor Recovery of Penalties inrur-cd by Offences asainst the 1 au's relating iUi the Cuitems.

PiHrefs on Non-payment. Imprisonment in default of Distress.

Not to apply to Penalties beyond 50l.

Service of Summons at House shall be fuitiueut.

Justice# may mitigate Penalties to One-half.

Imprisonment expired shall clear from Fines.

Limitation of Tune for Informations, biix Months.

«TC. 3. c. 115.

1.

All (tiftomable and prohibited Goods h'lz/d as subject to Forfeiture, shall be ronveved io the Custom Houe, within Ibrty-ci^ht Hours.

C. 6^.

49° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1809.

therefore enacted -by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the paffig of this Act it shall and may be lawful for any Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for any County, Riding, Division, City, or Liberty wherein the Offcnrc shall arise, or wherein the Offender or Offenders shall be found, to examine into, hear, and determine all Proftcutiooe for Penalties incurred by any Offence against this or any Act or Acts now in force, or hereafter to be made relating to His Majesty's f.rd Revenue of Customs; and the said Justices are hereby authorized and required, upon Information exhibited before them for the Recovery of any such Penalty t.r Penalties, to furr.mon the Ptity accused, and upon his, her, or their Appearance or Default, to proceed to the Examination of the Matter of Pact, and upon due Proof thereof, either upon the voluntary ConKlTun of such Party, or upon the Ouh of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath the said Justicts are hereby empowered to admimller) to convict the Offender or Offenders in the fa; d penalty or Penalties, and in case of the Non-payment thereof the said Justices are hereby authorized and required to cause the fame by Warrant of Distress and Sale urdn their Hands and Seals, to be levied upon the Goods and Chattels of the said Offender or Offenders, and in Defav.lt of Efficient Diflrtfs, to commit the said Offender or Offenders to any of His Majesty's Gaols in the County vhertio the Offence shall have ariftn, or wherein the Offend* r or Offenders shall have been found, there to remain for the Space of Six Months, or until the said Penalty or Penalties shall be paid.

II. Provided always, and hr it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend to or be conflrurd to extend to empower the said Justices to examine into, hear, or determine any Prosecution fer such Penalties as aforesaid, in ary Case wherein the same shall in the Whole exceed the Sum of Fifty Pounds, unless they shall be so empowered by any cither Act or Acts of Parliament now in force or hereafter to be made.

III.*And Whertas Doubts have arisen in Proceedings before Justices of the Peace for Penalties or ForTenures incurred by Offmcc3 against the Laws relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Customs where such.

Justices have issued out Summons for the Appearance of the Party aganill whom such Procudings have beta

mllituted, which Summons hath been left at the House or usual Place of Rtfidence of such P^rty, whether

the fame should be deemed a good and Efficient Summons, and as legal and tffcftuala Notice as if the f-rrtt hai

been personally served upon Inch Party; for the Removal of such Doubts, ' Be it declared and enacted, That ia all Proceedings before any Justice or Justice6 of the Ptace for any Fmt, Penalty, or Forfeiture incurred under any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, or hereafter to be made relating to His Majesty's said Revenue of Customs, every such Summons so left as aforesaid, and directed to such Party by his, her, or their right or assumed Name, is and shall be (except where particular Provision6 are or shall be made for summoning Offender*, or for condemning Sc zures made fr. m Persons unknown) dtennd to be as good and Efficient a Summons, ard as legal and tfFoftual a Nonce as if the fame w'ere perfor.ally served upon such Party, and as if the fame were directed to such Party, by his, her, or their proper Name or Names.

IV. Providrd always, and be it further enacted, That where any Party shall or may be convicted before any Twoormoreof Ili& Majesty's Justices of the Peace, in any Penalty or Penalties incurred by ary Offence agsiuft any Act or Acts relating to His Majesty's said Revenue cf Customs, w herein no Power of Mitigation ILII be given to the said Jnilicts, or where it fhdi be giv^n not fp c.fically by the feme Act or Acts, but oniy by reference to some otl er Law or Laws, it shall and may be lawful fur the said J0ibices, in Cases where upjn Cm-federation of the Circumstances they ffiali deem it expedient so to do, to mirigate the Payment of tht iad Penalty or Penalties, so ns the Sum to be pmd by such Party be not iefs than O ..e-half of the Amount of the Penalty or Penalties in which such Party shall have been convicted.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any f«ch Offender or Offenders shall h-ve been committed to any such Gaol as aforesaid, for Default of such Distress as aforesaid, and Ih?U there rviriain until the Expiration of the Period for which he, she, or they, shall have been commitud, he, she, or they IhJi be wholly discharged from the Payment cf such Penalty or Penalties, m rifptft whereof such Warrant ot D.ilrtfs hath been issuei to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fuli Penalty or Penalties liad been paid by the said Offender or Offenders immediately upon his, her, or their C mvifti- n therein.

VI. Provided always, and be it further tmft.d, That no Information or Proceeding for ary Fire, Piruffr, or Forfeiture incurred by any Offence against any Act or Acts now in force or hercabtr to be made, relating to IPs Majesty's laid Revenue of Customs, shall be exhibited or inffituted before any Justice or JuPccS of the Peace after the Expiration ot Six Months from the Time of committing the Offence whereby such F.r»e, Pi-nalty, or Forfeiture hath b-rtn incurred.

Vlf. 4 And Whereas, by an Act made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intitiW,

sfn All io explain mul amend Two Alls made in the Second, and Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Tear of the Reyn of Hu

present Majesty, for preventing the committing cf Thefts and Frauds by Persons navigating Bum Boats and id.r

Boats upon the River Thames, and for the more cfjtihnu Prevention cf Depredations thereon, so far as relates to tU

Seizure of Kxcfcable Commodities, it is amongst other Things enactrd, that all Goods, Wares, or Merc! anodize, subj- ft or liable 10 a Duty of Excise, which shall be Hopped, detained, or taken by any Police or

Peace Officer or other Person or Persons under and by virtue of the Acts of Parliament therein recited, or

under or by virtue cf any other Authority whatever, for or by reason of the fame having been unshipped,

smuggled, or run on Chore, shall, and the lame are thereby dinfted and required to be earned, conveyed, or

taken to and deposited and lodged in the Chief Office of Excise in London, in order that such Articles* k and the Person or Persons in whose Custody ot Possession the fame were found, may be prosecuted or proceeded against, as the Nature of the Case shall or may require: And whereas it is expedient that ail Goods, Wares,

or Merchandize liable to the Payment of the Duties of Customs, and not to the Duties of Excise on ln>

portation thereof, or which shall be prohibited to be imported, or prohibited to be worn or used in this Country, or which shall be subject to Forfeiture for being unshipped without the Presence of an Officer of the Customs, or for any other Cause whatever under aDy Law relating to the Revenue of Custotni, which shall be

19

A.D. 1809.

49° GEORGII III.

C. 65, 66.. 74*

4 so (topped^ detained, or taken, should be depositel and lodged in His Majesty's Warehouse at the Custom House in London Be it therefore further enacted, That all Goode, Wares, or Merchandize, which by any Act or Acts now in force or hereafter to be made, are or may be liable to the Payment of the Duties of Cudoms, and not to the Duties of Ex cue on Importation thereof, or which are or may be prohibited to be imported or to be worn or used in this Country, or which are or may be subject to Forfeiture for being unshipoed without the Presence of an Officer of the CuA .ms, or for any o'her C.iufe whatever under any L^w re'.atvg to the Revenue of Customs, and which shill be so flopped, detained, or txlun, ftnll, and they are hereby d'rested and required to be carried, conveyed, or t3ken to and deposited and lodged ir His jesty's Ware house at the Custom House in London, within Forty-eight Hours after the same shall have been so taken, flopped, or detained, in order that all Lch Goodr, Wares, and Merchandize, and the Person or Persons in whole C-idody Or Poflrflion the fame were found, may b? prof-ented or proceeded against, as the Nature of the Case linli or may require; any Thing in any Act or Act of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, Tnai in case any such Goo?s, Wares, or Merchandize, which are or may be so liable to the Payment of the Duties of Customs and not to the Duties of Exc-fe, or which are or n ay be prohibited to be imported or to be worn or ufrd in this Country, or w'hich are or m iy be so subject to Forfeiture for being unffiipped without the Prefer.ce of an Officer of the Customs, cr for any ether Cj.use whatever under any Law relating to the Revenue of Customs, shall be flopped, detained, or taken by any Police or Peace Officer or other Person or Persons, on Suspicion of the fanv having been feloniously flo-en, taken, or received, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Po'iceor Peace Offier or other Person or Persons so flopping, detaining, or taking the fame, to ledge and dcoofit a>l such Goods, War.-?, an! Merchandize, as aforesaid, in the Office of the Thames Police, or the Police Office nearcit to the Place where the same shall be so flopped, detained, or taken as aforesaid, there to remain until and in order to be produced at the Trial of any Person or Persons who shall or may be charged with feloniously Healing, taking, or receiving the same as aforesaid.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every such Po'ice Officer cr Peace Officer or other Person or Persons who shall so flop, detain, or take any such Goods, Wares, or Merchacdze as aforesaid, orr Suspicion of the fame having been so feloniously stolen, taken, or received as afo tsaid, fhdl within Forty-eighr Hours after he or they shall have flopped, detained, or taken the same as aforesaid, give Notice thereof irr Writing to the Commissioners for managing His Majesty's Customs, together with the Particulars of such: Goods, Wares, and Merchandize so flopped, detained, or taken ns aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as vhe Person or Persons so charged with feloniously dealing, taking, or receiv-ng any such Goods, Wares, cr Merchandize as aforesaid, shall have been tried for the said Felony, all such Gond3, Wares, and Merchandize as aforesaid, shall be immediately conveyed to, and deposited in His Majesty's Warehouse at the Cnflorn House in London* to be prosecuted or proceeded again A for such Cause of Forfeiture as the lame mny be liable to, or be rrflored upon Payment of such Duties as may be due in resptft of the fame, to such Person or Persons as may prove himfdf to be the legal Proprietor, or otherwise be dealt with in such Manner as the Cde may require.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in calk* any such Goods, Ware?, or Merchandize, which are or may be so liable to the Payment of the Duties of Cadorn, and not to the Duties of Excise, or which arc or may be prohibited to be imported, or to be worn or used in this Country, or which are or may be lo subject to Forfeiture for being unshipped without the Presence of an Officer of the Customu, or for any other Cause whatever under any Law relating to the Revenue of Customs and which Anil be flopped, detained, or taken as aforesaid, shall not be conveyed to and deposited and lodged in His Majesty's Warch mfe at the Custom House in London, in the Manner and within the Time or 'Times resp<-ftivdy by this Act directed, all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, shall and may be ftized or re-seized by any Officer or Officers of H: s-Majesty's Customs, and the Party or Parties neghfting or refilling so to convey to and drpofit and lodge the fame in His Majesty's Warehrufe at the Custom House as aforesaid, shall forfeit and lofc the Sum of Twenty Pounds, One Moiety whereof shall be to His Majesty, His Hnrs and Sruccessors, and the other Moiety to him-or them who shall inform or sue for the same.

CultonwbV and

IJ.nnUioods

{ A* ifiuili-

ouffi fl-l-n.shall

], i (!f jHtliu .1 in

the Thames ur otl»<*r 1'olict*

Oi.k to he pro-

duct'd on Trial ot Uifvndct.

Notice of such Ditt-mion 0 all he piven tn t'.ie Custom lloui'e.

SuJl C<Kk's shall be cam- d to ilvo C \nh : u Vi uic a! ter Ttul.

Goods so seized a-ul noi carried to C uiium House, may be i< i/c.I or rest mil l>\ Od'efiS <>1 ( uP.oms; and tlif Tarty ne-1'iig d-all forfeit 20l.

2 } C. 2. C. 26. §12.

CAP. LX VI.

An Act for the Abolition of certain.Holidays, and for altering and extending the Time for keeping, open the Chief Office of Excise.

[3d June 1809 ].

WHEREAS by an Act passed n the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His bite Majesty King George Vf the Second, amongst other Things, for appointing the Time for which the Excile Office shall be kept open, it is provided that such Office shall be kept open Irom Eight of the Clock in the Morning,

until Two of the Clock in the Afternoon and no longer: Ar.d whereas certain Holidays have been arl are now kept at the said Office, by which the Publick Bufintfs has often been delayed, and Individuals put to Inconvenience: And whereas it would be for the Benefit of the Revenue, and contribute materially to ihe Accommodation of the Publick, to abolish many of the Holidays hitherto observrd, and to extend the Time for keeping open the Chief Office Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the pa fling of this Act, no Holidays Nu HuiHuv* at whatever shall be permitted or allowed to be kept at the Chief Office, or at any other Office of Excise, except tlx* Exriw- 'rx-Christmas Day and Good Friday in every Year, and any Days which shall be appointed by His Majesty's etSunday, Proclamation for the Purpose of a General Fafl or Thanksgiving, and also the Anniversaries of the Restoration*'rii*as L'tlV' of Uk Majesty King Charles the Second, tod of the Coronation of His Majesty $ and the Birth Days of Their 0

Maj cities,

742

Offa* Houn from Eight to Three.

46 G. 9. c. 133.

1263 Benrfices and 208 ( lnri-tics exonerated under Reci*cd A't from I And Tax, amount* ing to

i670l. 6s. 3^d.

[5 3]

Com't»i<Tmner» pj^ointf H under the fireai S*al, may within18 Mouths txoner-ate from the I And Tax foot exceeding feOOol. per Annum) Messuagea he kmging to SiuaII

C. 66, 67. 49" GEORGII III. A.D. 1809.

Majesties, and of His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales; but that all Bufioefs at the said Offices relating to the Revenue of Excise shall be carried on and performed on every Day throughout the Year, Sundays and the Days before mentioned only excepted, any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it also enacted, That from and after the said passing of this Act, the said Chief Office shall be kept open from Eight of the Clock in the Morning until Three o? the Clock in the Afternoon.

CAP. LXVII.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, and to make further Provision for exonerating Small Livings and Charitable Initiations from the Land Tax.

[3d June 1809.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

an Act to amend an Act passed in the Forty second Year of His present Majesty, for consolidating the several Acts passed for the Redemption and Sa.'c of the Land Tax, and to make further Provfton for exonerating fma/l Livings and charitable Institutions from the Land Tax, after reciting that the Profits anting to the Publick from the Redemption of Land Tax by Bodies Politic and Corporate, and Companies and Feoffees and Trustfes for Charitable and other Publick Purposes, by Sales under the Authority of the Commissiontm appointed by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, for the Purpose of regulating, directing,

approving, and confirming such Sales, amounted to a very large Sum, and was likely to be confidently increased by further Sales and Contracts for Sale for the Redemption of Land Tax under the Authority of the said Commi{boners, and that it might be expedient to augment the Income of Small Livings or other Ecclesiastical Benefices, and of Charitable lnftitufions, by exonerating the fame from the Land Tax charged on the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments belonging to such Livings or other Ecclesiastical Benefices or Charitable It ftitutions in the Manner therein mentioned, it was enacted, that it should and might be lawful for the Commissioners appointed or to be appointed by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain for the Purposes aforesaid, at any Time within the Space of Two Yean after the passing of the said Act, to direct the Exoneration and Discharge of the Land Tax charged upon the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and other Hereditaments belonging to any Livings or other Ecclesiastical Benefices or Charitable Initiations in Cases where the clear Annual Income of such Livings or other Ecclesiastical Bcne6cei or Charitable Institutiors should not exceed the Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds, without the Transfer or Payment of any Consideration for the fame, in tht Manner and under the Directions and Rtftridions in the said Act mentioned, provided that the Annual Amount of Land Tax to be exonerated by virtue of the said Act, under the Direction of the said C >mm fiioner6 without the Transfer or Payment of any Consideration should not exceed the Sum of Six thousand Pounds: And whereas it appears from the Proceedings of the said Commissioners in the Execution of the Powtis and Authorities vetted in them by the said Act, of which Proceedings a Statement has been laid before Parliament, pursuant to the Provisions for that Purpose in the said Act contained, that they have directed the Exoneration and Discharge of the Land Tax charged upon MtriTmges, Lands, Tenement, and other Hereditaments belonging to One thousand two hundred and sixty- three Livings or other Ecclesiastical Benefices, and to Two hundred and eight Charitable Institutions in Cases where the clear Annual Amount of such Livings or other Ecclesiastical Benefices and Charitable Institutions do not ex eed the Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds, without the Transfer or Payment of any Consideration in the Manner and under the Directions and Restrictions in the said Act mentioned, and that the 1 Annual Amount ol Lind Tax which has been so exonerated is only Five thousand six hundred and seventy

Pounds Six Shillings and Three pence Three Farthing6: And whereas the Time limited by the said Act, for

transmitting 10 the said Commissioners the Memorials which were required by the said Act, in order to entitle

the Parties claiming such Exoneration to the Benefit thereof is expired: And whereas the Profits arising to

the Publick from the Redemption of Land Tax by Bodies Politic and Corporate and Companies and Feoffees and Trusttes for Charitable and other Publick Purposes, have been considerably inerrafed by further Saks and Contracts for Sale for the Redemption of Land Tax under the Authority of the said Commissioners Price the Time of passing the said reciud Ad, and much Benefit to the Publick may be expected if such Redemption of Land Tax by Bodies Politic and Corporate, and Companies and Feoffees, and Trustees for Charitable and other Publick Purposes, shall continue to be made under the Provisions and Authorities to that Effect. in the said Act of the Forty-fecund Year of His present Majesty's Reign conili ed; And whereas it is rxprdient further to extrnd the Bern fits of the said recited Act of the Forty-Gxth Year of His present 4 M jr-lty, s Reign to such other Livings or other Ecclesiastical Benefices or Charitable Institutions in Cases where the who'.e clear Annual Income thereof doe* not exceed the Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds as have not yet had the Bnefit of the said recited Act; Be it therefore enacted by the King's troft Excellent Majesty by and with the Advice and Confmt of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Convmlimners at any Time within the Space of Eighteen Cilendar Months after the passing of this Act to direct the Exoneration and Discharge of the Land 'lax charged tip in such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments in the Manner and under the Directions and Restrictions, as in the said recited Act of the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty arc mentioned, provided that the Annual Amount of Lind Tax to be exonerated by virtue of this Act, shall not, together with the before mentioned Annual Sum of Five thousand six hundred and seventy Pounds Six Shillings and Three-pence Three Farthings, exceed the Total Yearly Sum of Eight thousand Pounds: Provided also, that Memorials, such as were directed by the said Act of the Forty sixth Ycarof His present Majesty to be transmitted to the said Conamiffioaen, and which must be

verified

e

A.D. 1809.

49° GEORGII III.

C. 67, 68. 743

verified in such Manner at they shall require and direct, and also the Certificate! dirr&ed thereby to be trans- Living and ('so* routed to the said Commissioners, finned by Two or more Commissioners of Land Tax, which Certificates riuUe Instiui-such said last-mentioned Commissionert were by the said Act and are hereby authorized and required to grant, tkm»t «*umUr and shall be so transmitted to the said Commissioners appointed under the Great Seal of Great Britain, within 46(ji.a. c. Twelve Months after the passing of this Act.

H Commissioners may by indorsement on the Certificate of Land Tax, declare the Lands exonerated there- from. $ 3. Such Certificates of Exoneration shall he registered gratis. §4. Proceedings of Commissioners shall be laid before Parliament before Close of the Session 1811. §5. Deeds enrolled or registered at any Tune before the passing of this Act, or within twelve Months after, declared valid. §6. Powers of recited AcU

extended to this Act. §7.

CAP. LXVIII.

An Act to explain and amend the Law of Bastardy, so far as relates to indemnifying Parishes in respect thereof.

[3d June 1809.]

WHEREAS the Provisions of an Act made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, 18Bil C(|(

concerning Bastards begotten-and born out of lawful Matrimony, ire found to be inadequate to the

Purposes of indemnifying Parishe* against the Charges and Expences incurred by the apprehending and

securing the reputed Father, and also by the obtaining the Order of Filiation: And whereas it is expedient

that such Charges and Expences should be borne and discharged by the adjudged reputed Father of such

Ballard Child or Children, at the Discretion of the Justices by whom such Adjudication shall be made, either

in the Court of Quarter Sessions or otherwise, not exceeding the Amount h. rein-after mentioned Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, lUpvird Father That every Person who shall hereafter be adjudged to be the reputed Father of any Ballard Child or Children, of a BaiUrU (h&U shall be chargeable with and liable to the Payment of all reasonable Charges and Expences incident to the Birth be chargeable of such Bastard Child or Children, and also to the Payment of the reasonable Costs of apprehmding and securing such reputed Father, and also to the Payment of the Cods of the Order of Filiation, such Colls of apprehending and securing the reputed Father, and of the Order of Filiation, not to exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds; and all such Charges, Expences, and Cods, shall be duly and respectively ascertained on Oath before the Justices of the Peace or the Court of Quarter Sessions making such Order of Filiation, which Oath such Justices or Court are hereby respectively empowered to administer.

11. And be it further enacted, That if any Single Woman shall declare herself to be with Child, and that such Child is likely to be born a Bastard and to be chargeable to any Parish, Township, or Extra.parochial OathbyWoroe*. Place, and shall, in an Examination to be taken in Writing upon Oath belore any Justice of the Peace of any likely to be de-County, Riding. Division, City, Liberty or Town Corporate wherein such Parish, Township, or Place shall lie, charge any Person with having gotten her with Child, it shall be lawful to and for such Justice, upon mmhenfodhf Application made to him by the Overseer of the Poor of such Parish or Township, or by any substantial House- Wunntvf* holder of such Extra-parochial Place, to issue out his Warrant for the immediate apprehending of such Person Justice amicora-

so charged as aforesaid, and for bringing him before such Justice, or before any other Justice of the Peace of such County, Riding, Division, Liberty, or Town Corporate! and the Justice before whom such Person (Hall be brought, having Authority in this Behalf, is hereby authorized and required to commit the Person so charged as aforesaid to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of such County, Riding, Division, Liberty or Town Corporate, unless he shall give Security to indemnify such Parish or Place, or shall enter into a Recognizance with sufficient Surety or Sureties upon Condition to appear at the next General Quarter Sessions or General Sessions of the Peace to be holden for such County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Town Corporate, to abide and perform such Order or Orders as shall then be made in pursuance of the said Act of the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, unless One such Justice as aforesaid, shall have certified in Writing under his Hand to such General Quarter Sessions or General Srfliona of the Peace, that it had been proved before him upon the Oath of One credible Witness that such Single Woman had not been then delivered, or had been

delivered within One Month only previous to the Day on which such General Quarter Sessions or General Sessions of the Peace shall beholden, or unless Two Justices of the Peace of such County, Riding, Division,

City, Liberty, or Town Corporate, shall have certified in Writing under their Hands to the next, or where such Woman shall not have been delivered as aforesaid, then to the immediately subsequent General Quarter Sessions or General Sessions of the Peace, that an Order of Filiation had been already made on the Person so charged, or that such Order was not then rtquisite to be made, on account of the Death of the Child born a Bastard, or for other like sufficient Reason; in each of which Cases firttly before mentioned, it shall be lawful for the Justices assembled at such General Quarter Sessions or General Sessions of the Peace, to respite such Recognizance to the then next General Quarter Sessions or General Sessions of the Peace to be holden for such County, Riding, Division, City, or Town Corporate, without requiring the Personal Attendance of the Putative Father so bound, or of that of his Surety or Sureties, and in either of the said Two last mentioned Cases it fiaU be lawful for the Justices assembled as aforesaid wholly to discharge such Recognizance.

III. 1 And whereas Pariffics are often put to great Expence in enforcing the Performance of Orders of*Maintenance made on the Filiation of Bastard Children >* Be h therefore further enacted, That if any reputed Father or any Mother of such Bastard Child or Children on whom any Order of Filiation or Maintenance of such Child or Children shall have been made by the Court of Quarter Sessions, or which shall have been made by T wo

Justicet

with Expence* iacident to tits Birth, and with Costs of hi* own Apprehenfioti and of the Order of Filiation.

Men charged on

pelted to give Security to indemnity th* Porith, or to abide the Order ot S» (lions under. 18 Eli*. C.V.

For Maintenance ol Bastard Children,

C. 68

49° GEORGII IH. A.D. 1809.

Father or Mother nrideA-in^ to pnv for Maintenance of F.\ihr<l according to Crrler, may he apprehended and committed by One Justice, for 3 Months, or till, Payment.

'F % pt*nersand O-lU ltd >ject to the OilVieiion of dultieC'i uf Sessions and recoverable as r tinder m El. 1. c.d.

Ap\^cal to tire Quarter Sclfotn, On Notice.and cntriing into tRecugauance.

0 mtteli of (> (ico. 2. c. 31. $ I, -2, as authorizes Jnitiics to commit reputed Father* heftnr- Birth of the Baftaril, rej« a'c i.

F*o future Ap) cal without ISoiice.[^'ic§ =>.]

Justices of the Peace tnd confirmed by the Court of Quarter Sessions, or against: which no Appeal shall hare bren made to the Court of Quarter Sessions, shall neglect or refuse to pay any Sum or Sums of Monty which he or she shall have been ordered to pay towards the Maintenance or other Sulientatton for the Relief of any such Ballard Child or Children by any such Order, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding, Divisiun, City, L'berty cr Town Corporate in which such reputed Father or such Mother shall happen to be, and the said Justice is hereby required upon Complaint made to him by any One of the OverCers of the Poor of any Parish, To wn ship, or Place liable to the Maintenance or Support of such Biftard Child or Children, or where such Ballard Child or Children shill then be, and upon Proof on Oath of such Order for the Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, and of such Sum or Sums of Money being unpaid, and of a Demand of such Payment having been made, and a Refusal to pay the same, or that such reputed Father or such Mother hath left hii or her usual Place of Abode, and hath avoided a Demand thereof being made by such Owrfeer, to issue his Warrant to apprehend such reputed Father or such Mother, and to bring him or her before such Justice or any other Jollier of the Peace of the same County, Ricing, Division, City, Liberty, or Town Corporate, to anUcr such Complaint; and if such reputed Father or such Mother shall not pay such frim-qr Sums of Monty as shall aporaf to the said J11 Rice before whom such reputed Father or such Mother Hull be brought to be due and unpaid, or llnll not flicw to such Justice feme reasonable and fuflieitnt Cause for not so doing, it shall be lawful for such Juli et, and the said Just ice is hereby required to commit such reputed Father cr such Mother to the Publick House of Correction or Common Gaol of the said County, to be there k*pt to hard Labour for the Space of Tnret Moiti.s, ttnlcfs such reputed Father or such Mother shill, before the Expiration of the said Three Months, pay or cause to be paid to One of the OveTfeers of the Poor of the Parish, Townfh p, or Place on whose Behalf Inch Complaint as aforesaid was made, the said Sum or Sum of Money so due and unpaid as aforesaid, and so from Time to Time and as of'en as such reputed Father or such Mother flnll in Manner aforesaid neglect or refute to pay any other Sum or Sums of Money that shill afterwards become due by virtue of and under such Order ahrrthe Expiration of or Discharge from ary such former Imprisomient as aforesaid,

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all such Charges, Expencer, and Colls Hull hewholly fuhjrA to the Discretion of the Justices or Court of Quarter Sessions who fhdl make such Order of Filiation; and the Justices or C >urt of Quarter Sessions are hereby authorized, - if they shill fee fit, to allow and order Payme'it of the Whole or any Part thereof: Provided always, that the Colls of apprehending and fc curing the nputed Father, and of the Order of Filiation, shall not in any Case exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds j and fur fecu ing lhe due Payment of the fame, after such Allowance and Order as aforesaid, all and every the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Cirufes, Matters, and Things contained in the said Act passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, concerning Bastards begotten and born out of lawful Matrimony, fhdl be respectively observed, uftd, and praAiled in the Execution of this Act, and shall be contlrued, deemed, and taken to apply a3 fully and tffeAually, to all Intents and Purpose. % as if the said Powers, Authorities, Proviiicns, Clause, Matters and Things were specially recited and re-enacted in this Act.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons who shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggreved by any Order made by such Justices as aforesaid under the Provisions of this Act, and rot originating in the Quarter Stfiiona, may appeal to the next General Quarter S.-ffions of the Peace to be holccn for the County where such Order shall be made, on giving Notice to such Justices or to One of them, and also to the C.iurchtvardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish 00 whose Behalf such Order shall have been made, or to One of them, Ten clear Days before such General Quarter S.fiions of the Peace at which such Appeal shall be made, of his, her, or their Intention of bringing such Apptal, and of the Cause and Mai ter thereof, ?nd entering into a Recoen zance within Three Days after such Notice before some Justice of the Peace for such County, With fufli uent Surety conditioned to try f«ch Appeal, and abide the Judgment and Order of, and pay such Colls as Ih.vl be awarded by the Julliecs at such Quarter Sessions, which laid Justices at their said S.fiicns, upon Proof of such Notice being given, and of entering into such Recognizance as aforesaid, Hull and they are hereby required to proceed in, hear, and determine the Causes and Matters ol all such Appeals, and shall give such Relief and Colts to the Parties appealing or appealed against as they in their Difcrcpon shall Judge proper; and such Judgments and Orders therein made shall be final, binding, and conclusive to alt Parties concerned, ind to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

VI. And be it further enacted, That so much of an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Parish es and other Places from such Charges as may arift from Bnfiard Children born within the fume, as authorizes the justice or Justices before whom the reputed Father of a Ballaid Child shall be brought, in Cases where the Woman has not been delivered, to commit such reputed Father to the Common Gaol or House of CorrcAion, unless he shall give Security to indemnify the Parish or Place, or fluli enttr into a Recognizance with fufBcient Surety upon Condition to appear at the next General Quarter Session9 or General Srflioas of the Peace, shah be and the fame is hereby repealed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Appeal in any Case relating to Bastardy Hull be broughr, received, or heard. «t the said Quarter Sessions, uuieis such Notice shall have been given, and such Recognizance shall have been catered into in Manner aforesaid, according to the Provisions of this Act.*V-

Commencement of AA, 20th July 1 $or>. §8.

C.

745

A.D. 1809. 49° GEORGII III. C. 69 — 73.

CAP. LXIX.

An Act to indemnify Persons who have inadvertently printed, published, or dispersed Papers or Books without a full Description of the Place of Abode of the Printers thereof, from Penalties incurred under an Act of the Thirty-ninth Year of His Majesty's Reign.

[3d June 1809.]

39 G. 3.^. 79. f, 27. recited. Persons having printed Papers or Books with the Name of the Street of ttieirl Abode, omitting the Name of the Town or City ( -jr vice ver/J), indemnified against Penalties under recited 11 Ad. $ 1. Act shall not extend to Convictions or Judgments had before the passing of the Ad. §2.

CAP. LXX.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Yrear of His present Majesty, to enable His 4sG. 3. c. 45, Majesty's Pod mailer General of Ireland to purchase Premises for the Enlargement of the General Poll Office in the City of Dublin.

[3d June 1809.]

u Pollmaster General of Ireland empowered to contract for the Premifr3 on which the Poll Office in Dublin Hands.

§ i. Powers of former Act extended to tins Act. §2. Money necessary for the Purposes of this and former " Ad shall be paid out of the Duty on Poilage. § j.

CAP. LXXI.

An Act for raising the Sum of Fourteen Millions Six: hundred thousand Pounds by way of Annuities.

[3d June 1809.]

f< Every Contributor of tool, shall be entitled from 5th jipril 1809 to a Principal of 60l. in the Four per 0 Cents. 6cl. in the Three per Cents Reduced; and an Annuity of 8s. 10d. for 30 Years and9Months. § r,

" Duties under 46 G. 3 c. 65. shall not be charged on the first half Year's Dividends. §8. Treasury may remit to Ireland 3, 000, 000l. §24. To be provided for in Ireland. §12: 600 000l. for the Service of the Prince

Regent of Portugal raised in the Three per Cents Reduced, creating a Capital of 897.522l. 7l. C)d. Intertll " 26, 865l. 131. 5^/. Sinking Fund 30.000l. Charges of Management 3C4L 9s. 6All to be provided " for by the said Prince- §§ 13. t6. 25. 800l. per Million may be retained by the Bank as the whole Charges of " Management. §28. Forging Receipts for Contributions, Felony without Clergy. §32. Bank shall remain a 4' Corporation till Annuities under this Act shall cease. §33.

CAP. LXXII.

An Act to continue until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, certain Acts of the Parliament of Ireland, for the Improvement of the City of Dublin, by making wide and convenient Passages through the fame, and for regulating the Coal Trade thereof, and for other Purposes.

[3d June 1809.]

t Injh Act 21 & 22 G. 3. c. 17. (continued by 23 & 24 G. 3. c. 31 5 30 G. 3. c. 19.) further continued to*25th March 1811. Provisions in recited Act respeding ibe Freedom of the Coal Trade, declared to be in (i force. §2. Act may be altered this Session. §3.

CAP. LXXIII.

An Act to grant to His Majesty Duties upon Spirits made or distilled in Ireland, and upon Brit if3 Spirits imported into Ireland, and upon Licences to sell Spirituous Liquors in Ireland in Quantities not less than Two Gallons.

[10th June 1809.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

TT7E Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects (he Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising'he necrffiiry Supplies, have freely ard voluntarily

resolved to give and grant unto Your Mqelly the Duties herein after mentioned, and do most humbly btfeech

Your Majesty that it may be enacted and bt it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con hut of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Common?, in this present P- rlbrnent assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Duty of Excise charged and payable under and by vutuc of any Act or A<5L in force in Ireland immediately before the pnffi ig of this Act, for and upon every Gallon of Aqua Vit: s, Strong Waters, or Spirits, made ordiifilled in Ireland from Corn malted or unmalted or from Sugar, or for which any Distiller in Ireland is chargeable by X^aw, and ado the Duty on the Importation into Ireland from Great Britain on every Gallon of Spirits made or diddled from Corn or Grain, or Sugar, in Great Britain, shall, from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and nine, be charged and paid in Ireland on all such Spirits as shall be of a Strength not exceeding the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof; and that for and upon every Gallon of all such Spirits of a greater Strength than One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, there shall be paid the like Duty as is payable for Spirits not exceeding the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof; and also a further Duty in proportion to the Duty payable for Sprits of the fame Denomination according to the Degree of Strength in which such Spirits shall exceed the said Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and nine, so much of an Act made in the Forty-Eighth Year oi llis present Majesty's Reign, intituled, 49 Geo. III. 5 D ^An

Durv on Spirits, in Inland, or imp rted into Ireland born (ireal Britain ali<T Sept. 20, j soy, lLtall bo charged

according

their Strength*

Thule* mvlef 44 a. -1. c. 4 If on Licence* w

A.D. 1809.

Cell T.iquon from 2 to 50 Gallons, repealed.

Like Duty on licences to fell Spirits from 2 to»oGallops, ason He tail Licences.

Herniations may

be ma«le by < ommissioners of Ex rife and C'nstoms for ascertaining the Strength of Spirits, &c.

48 G. 3. c. 42.

b. as to general Notices by Hearth Money Collectors

and §7> to particular Not ices by them, repealed.

Colleton, &c. shall yearly post general Notices on Church Door?, &c. for Eeturns under 47 G. 3. ft. 1. c»2 2-. from Persons liable to the Duties.

c-73>74>75* 49° GEORGII III.

An Act to repeal certain Duties of Excise in Ireland, and to grant certain Stamp Duties in lieu thereof and also certain other Stamp Duties, and to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties in Ireland, and of the Schedule thereto annexed, as imposes any Duties on Licences to sell Spirituous Liquors in Quantities not Icfs than Two Gallons and not exceeding Fifty Gallons, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and nine, there shall be paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for and upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed any Licence to any Person in Ireland to fell any Kind of Spirituous Liquors in any Place in Ireland in Quantities not less than Two Gallons, the like Stamp Duty as is payable under any Act or Acts in force in Irelandoq a Licence to sell Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail in any such Place respectively.

M Duties placed under the Management of Commissioners of Customs, Excise, and Stamps respectively. $ 4.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them, to frame and make such Rub sand Regulations, and to give such Ordered Directions to the several Officers of Excise and Customs in It eland, and to the several Dilliller* and Persons making or distilling of Spirits in Ireland, for the ascertaining the Strength at which any Spirits shall be distilltd in Ireland, and the Amount of the Duty payable thereon in proportion to such Strength; and in like Mar.ntr it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or any Three of them, to frame and make such Rules and Regulations, and to give such Orders and Directions to the several Officers of Customs in Ireland, and to all Persons concerned in the Importation into Ireland of Spirits made and distdled in Great Britain, for the ascertaining the Strength of such Spirits, and the Amount of the Duty payable thereon, in proportion to such Strength as the said Commissioners respectively shall from Time to Time think fitting and expedient for such Purposes; and all such Rules, Regulations, Orders, and Directions, shall be obeyed and complied with by ail Officers of the Excise and Customs, and by ali Distillers and other Persons concerned in the duelling or importing of any such Spirits respectively.

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and ten, several Acts for granting certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into and exported from Ireland. [loth June 1809.]

c< Recital of Stats. 45 G. 3. c. 185 46 G. 3. c. 62; 47 G. 3.Jl. 1. c. 315 47 G. 3.JI' 2. r. 16; 47 G. 3./. 2. c. 18.

(last continued and amended by 4S G. 3. c. So.) Duties and Drawbacks under recited Acts continued till u 5th July 1810, except the Drawbacks and Bounries on Sugar, &c. provided by 47G. 3*y9. I. e.lQi u (continued by 49 G- 3. c. 30.) Regulations in all the recited Ada also continued to said 5th July 1810. § U I. Duties shall be carried to the Irish Consolid3ted Fund. §2. Ada may be altered this Session. §3.

CAP. LXXV.

An Act to provide for the better Collection of the Duties and Taxes on Carriages, Servants, Horses, and Dogs, in Ireland.

[10th June 1809.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make further Regulations for the Coliedion of the Rates and Duties in t/V respect of Carriages, Servants, Horses, and Dogs, in Ireland? Be it therefore enacted by the KingY most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament affi mbltd, and by the Authority of the same, That so much and such Parts of an Act, made in the Forty-eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to grant to His Majesty certain Duties and Taxes in Ireland, in respe3 of Carriages, Dogs, Fire hearths, Vorses, Male Servants, and Window, in lieu of former Duties and Taxes in respc3 of the like Articles, as enads, That the Collector of the Taxes on Fire-hearths, or some Officer appointed by the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, shall yearly wiihia Sixty-one Days after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nine, and in each and every subsequent Year, cause to be affixed on the Doors of the Church, Chapel, Market-House, or publick School House of every Parish or Place, as in the said Act mentioned, a general Notice to the Persons rclidinjg in such Parish or Place, to make out and deliver the Lifts and Accounts of Carriages, Servants, Horses, and D<m*s, as in the said Act is mentioned, in Manner as by the said Acts directed, and as imposes any Penalty on any Prison who shall neglect or refuse to make out or deliver such Lift or Account in Manner in the said Act mentioned; and also so much and such Part of the said recited Act as directs that the Collectorsof the Taxes on Fire-hearths, or other Officer in the said Act mentioned, shall yearly within Sixty-one Days after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nine, and in each and every subsequent Year, leave particular Notices with the Persons in the said Act mentioned, to prepare and produce and deliver Lifts and Accounts in the said Act mentioned, shall be and the fame is and are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Supervisors of the Taxes on Fire-hearths, or the Collectors thereof in their resptdive Walks or Divisions, or any other Officer appointed for that Purpose by the Commissioners of Inland Excite and Taxes* shall. within Sixty-one Days after the passing of this Act, and yearly within Sixty-one Days after the Fifth Day of January One thousand tight hundred and ten, and in each and every subsequent Year, and at such other Days and Times as the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint, cause to be affixed on the Doors of the Church or Chapel, or Market-House, or publick School House, if any such there shall be^ of every Parish or Place within the respective Walks or

Divhioaf

e

A.D. 1809.

49° GEORGII III.

G. 75*

747

Notices shall alf# be delivered by Officers;

requiring

Returns from Te ions liable t#

Divisionp of such Supervisor, Collector, or Officer, or in such of the said Parishes and Places as shall be prescribed and directed by the said Commissioners (and if any Parish or Place shall not have a Church or Chapel, Market-House, or publick School House therein, then on the Doors of the Church or Chapel, or Market-House or School House of the nearest or adjoining Parish), a general Notice in Writing signed by such Supervisor, Collector, or other Officer, in such Form as shall be directed by the said Commissioners, addressed to all Persons residing in such Parish or Place, who by an Act made in the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled,

/In /til to provide for regulating and securing the Collection of certain Rates and Taxes in Ireland, in ref pell of Dwelling Houses, Iirc-heartbs> Windows, Male Servants, Horses % Dogs, and Carriages, are required to make out, and deliver Lifts or Accounts of Carriages, Servant!, Horses, and Dogs, requiring that such Persons shall make out the Lifts and Accounts required by the said recited Act, and shall deliver the fame dirtfted to or for the said Supervisor or Codeft^r of Taxes on Fire-hearths, or to or for the said Officer appointed as aforesaid, at some H< use or Place within the said Parish or Place to be specified in such Notice, within Twenty-one Days after the Dite of such Notice; and such general Notice shall from Time to Time, when the same shall be affixed, be deemed a Requisition or Demand upon every Person within such Parish or Place, to deliver such Lifts or Accounts within the said Space of Twenty-one D^ys accordingly $ and if any Person within such Parish or Place shall neglect or refuse to make out and deliver such Lift or Account at the House or Place mentioned in such Notice, directd in Manner aforesaid, within the said Space of Twenty-one Days, or shall make or deliver any undue or faife Lift or Account, every such Person shall for every such Offence be subject and liable to the like Penalties and Forfeitures and Payments as Persons neglecting to deliver Lifts or Accounts of Carriages, Servants. Horses, or Dogs, or delivering undue or false Lifts or Accounts of such Matters, are by the said recited Act of the Forty-seventh Year aforesaid subj ft and liable; and ah Persons shall be liable to such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Payments, for rot complying with such general Notices, whether any particular Notice requiring any such Lift: shall have been delivered or left to or for such Person or not; and if any such general Notice so affixed shall be removed or defaced at any Time during the Lid Space of Twenty-one Days, the respective Supervisor or Colbftor, or any Officer concerned in the Collection of Hearth Money, flial), from Time to Time, cause a similar Notice to be f.» affixed, and so from Time to Time as often as Occasion shall require during the said Space of Twenty one Days; and any Person who shall wilfully tear, deface, or obliterate any such Notice so affixed* shall forfeit for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds nor less than Five Pounds.

III. Provided always, 2nd be it enacted, That whether such general Notice shall bepoftedornot as aforesaid, Particular the Collect ir of the Taxes on. Fire-hearths, or any Officer appointed by or acting under the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, to collect or superinteud the Collection of all or any of the Duties and Taxes under the Management of the said Commissioners, shall and may, from Time to Time, give or fervr, or cause to be given or served, a particular Notice or Notices with any Person or Persons in their respective Walks, Divisions, or Distr ft?, liable <>r supposed to be liable to the Duties on Carriages, Male Servants, Dogs, Horses, Mares,

Geldings, or Mules, or any of them, requiring all such Persons respectively to deliver to such Colhftor or Officer Duties, within Ten Days next after such Notice given or served, the several Lifts and Accounts required to be delivered by the Lid recited Act of the Forty-seventh Year aforesaid, in Manner rtquired by the said recited Act; and that it shall and may be lawful for such Supervisor or Collector of the Taxes on Fire-hearths, or other Officer as aforesaid. to cause such Notice to be Lrvtd at the House or Place of Abode of any such Person, by delivering the same to the Owner or Occupier of such House, or to the Wife, or to some Child or S-rvant of any such Person above the Age of Sixteen Years; and every Notice so fervid shall be deemed to be duly given and served within the Intent and Meaning of this Act, and of every Act in force in Ireland resptfting the Duties on Fire-hearths, Windows, Carriages, Servants, Horses, or Dogs; and in case any Person to or on whom, or at whose House or Place of Abode any such Notice ffidl be so given or served as aforesaid, shall neghft or refuse to deliver any such Lift or Account as shall by the said Notice be required, or shall make or deliver any undue or false Lift or Account, every such Person shall for every such Offence be subject and liable to the like Penalties,

Forfeitures, and Payments, a» Persons neghfting to deliver suchtLifts or Accounts, or delivering undue or faife Lifts or Accounts, are subject and liable to by or under the said recited Act of the Forty-seventh Year aforesaid; and all such Persons shall be liable to the said Penalties, Forfeitures, and Payments, for not complying with such particular Notices, whether any such general Notice as by this Act is rtquired shall have been polled in Manner aforesaid or not,

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Notices by this Act required to be given by any Officer in respect of the Rates, Taxes, and Duties mentioned in this Act, requiring such Lift or Account as therein mentioned, and the Lveral L lls or Accounts to be delivered pursuant to such Notices by every Person subject to the said Rates, Taxes, and Duties, or any of them, shall and may be in such Form and Forms, adapted to the particular Lifts or Accounts required, as the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland may from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any Person having or owning any House subject to ?ny I" ahftoieof Tax in respect ot Fire-hearths or Windows, or keeping, using, retaining or employing any Carriage crany Male*

Servant or other Male Person, or any Dog, or any Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, upon or in rifp ft of t, xff.\ibciv^ni*. which any Rate, Tax or Duty is or may be payable as aforesaid, shall be absent from the Place of his Abode at

the Time of the Service of such Notice requiring such Lift or Account with resptft to such Texes as aforesaid, then a List or Account of any and every Carriage, or Male Servant or Male Person, or Dog or Horse, Mare,

Gelding or Mule, kept, uled, retained, or employed by such Person, made out and subsetibed by the Agent,

Steward or Servant of such Person so absent and delivered as aforesaid, shall be to all Intents and Purpos a of the fame Effect as if such Lift or Account were made out and subscribed and delivered by the Person owniiu arid occupying such House, or keeping, using or employing any such Carriage, Male Servant or Male Person, Dog,

orfe, Mare* Gelding, pr Mule respectively, as the Case may be $ and in case such Lift or Account shall be an

5 D 1 >nduc

Notice*. Kr, juav be in I viTu

prescribed by

Coiun&bb'-'ners*

748

Conch makers shall keep Accounts of Second-hand Carriages fuld by them.

Penalty for Neglect 30l.

Books of Coach-makers, &c. shall be kept in Form directed by C'ommissioners.

Penalty 5 oh

Carriatres sold by Coachmakers shall not be removed without Permits.

Penalty 20l.

On Sale of Carriage, 'whether new or fecomi-band, Coach- maker shall fend Copy of Entry of Sale to the Excise Oflice. penalty id.

Sellers of Carriages by Auction, &<. shall five Forty-eight Hours Notice of Sa]e, and alur Sale give 3Vo(ic« of Pure hal er.

Penalty lol.

Private Persons fclllncj Carriage* shall (end IN otic th*cof to the

c. 75.

490 GEORGII III.

A.D. 1809.

undue Lift or Account, the same shall subject such Owner or Occupier, or Person using or employing such Carriage, Male Servant or Male Person, Dog, Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule respectively, to the like Pay menu* Penalties and Forfeitures, as if the fame had been made and subscribed by himself or herself respectively.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages in Ireland, who from and after the passing of this Act shall part with, fell, ordifpoie of any Carriage at second-hand on his or her own Account, whether the same shall have been repaired or altered by such Coachmaker or not, shall enter in a Book to be kept solely for that Purpose an Account of the Number and Kind of each such Carriage so parted with or sold or disposed of, distnguishing the Number of Wheels of each, and if with less than Four Wheels, whether constructed to be drawn by Two Horses abreast or otherwise; and the Names and Descriptions and Places of Abode of the several Persons to whom every such Carriage was fold, parted with or disposed of respectively, and the particular Day whtn each such Carriage was delivered or sent out of the Shop or Concerns of such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages respectively; and all such Books shall be open to the Infptftion of the like Officer?, and Copies of the Entries therein shall be delivered and verified upon Oath or Affirmation in like Manner as by the said recited Act made in the Forty -seventh Year aforesaid, intituled, An Act to provide for regulating and securing the Collection of certain Rates and Taxes in Ireland, in respect of Dwelling houses, Fire hearths, Windows*It I ale Servants^ IIorjest Dogs, and Carriages, is required with respect to the Books in and by the said recited Act required to be kept by any inch Coachmaker or M iker of Carriages; and if any such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages shall negkdt to keep such Bank, or to deliver such Copies of the Entries therein verified as aforesaid, or shall wilfully omit any Discription wh ch ought to be contained therein, or ifcail refuse to admit any such Colkftoror other Officer into the House, M'Jiiuf, dlory, Workshop, or other Buildings of such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, at 1 reasonable Hour in the Day-time for the Purposes aforesaid, such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages shall for every such OtYence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pound*.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Books required to be kept by every Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages for the Purpose of entering the Number and Kind of Carriages which shall be built or constructed for Sale by such Coachmaker, pursuant to the Directions of the said recited Act of the Forty-fevemh Year aforesaid, and also the Books by this present Act required to be kept by every Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages for entering the Particulars of Carriages sold at second-hand, and also the Books required by the said last-rcciied Act of the Forty-seventh Year to be kept by every Person selling Carriages by Auction or on Commission, shall be kept in such Form or Forms of Columns and Headings respectively or otherwise as shall from Time to Time be furnish; d or ordered, appointed or directed by the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes; and if any Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, or Person felling by Auction or on Commission, shall neglect or refuse to keep such Books or any of them in such Forms as shall be so furnifiled, ordered, appointed or directed, such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages or other Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Carriage shall be sold or disposed of by any Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages shall, before such Carriage shall be sent out of or from his or her Shop, Warehouse or Concerns, apply to the proper Officer of Excise in the Dillrift for a Permit to convey such Carnage to the Person to whom the same shall have been parted with, fold, or disposed of by such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, and such Officer shall forthwith without Delay grant such Permit accordingly without Fee or Reward, Hating the Nature or Kind and Description of the Carriage, and the Name and Place of Abode of the Coachmaktr or Maker of Carriages, and of the Person to whom the fame is to be conveyed; and if any Carriage lo sold or disposed of shall be removed out of or from the Shop, Warehouse or Concern of any such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages without such Permit duly obtained as aforesaid, such Coachmaker shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages shall part with, fell, or dispose of any Carriage whatever, whether the lame shall be new or second*hand, every such Coachmaker or Maker of Carnages shall, within Twenty-four Hours after such Carriage shall be sent out of his or her Shop, Warehouse, or Concerns, deliver at the Office of the Collector, or to some Officer of Excise of the Dillrift ia which such Shop or Warehouse shall be situate, a full and true Copy of the Entry made by him according to the Directiors of the said recited Act of the Forty-seventh Year or this Act, with respect to the Sale and Dilpohl of such Carriage, together with the Date of the Permit sent out with the fame; and if any such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages shall neglect or refuse to deliver the Copy of such Entry at the Office of such Collector, or to such Officer within the Time aforesaid, such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages shall for every such Neglect or Rtfulal forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

X And be it further tnaftrd, That from and after the passing of this Act no Auctioneer or Person felling by Ci >mmission, shall fell by Auction any Carriage subject or liable to any internal Taxor Duty in Ireland, u 11 lets such Auctioneer or Ptrion felling by Commission shall have given Forty-eight Hour3 previous Notice of such intended Sale at the Excise Office of the Dillrift in which such Carnage shall be intended to be sold; and that every Person who shall fell any such Carriage by Auction or on Commission, shall, within Twenty four Hours after such S^le, deliver or cause to be delivered at the Excise Office of the District, or to some Officer of Excise in the Distnft in which such Sale shall take place, a Notice ligned by such Auctioneer or Seller as aforesaid, containing the Name, Addition, and Place of Abode of the Person to whom such Carriage shall be sold, and the Day of the Month and the Year when the fame wa3 so fold; and every such Auctioneer or Seller as aforesaid, who shall neglect to deliver or cause to be delivered such Notice, shall for every Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Person who shall be chargeable with any Duty in respect of any Carriage kept by such Person, shall part with, fell, or dispose of any such Carriage to any other Personr> the Person so felling, parting with, or dif poling of such Carriage, ffiaU, within TwentyTour Hours after.

49° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1809.

c-75>76- 749

the fame shall be so fold, parted with, ordisposed of, deliver or cause to be delivered at the Excise Office of Excite Office, or the District, or to f me Officer of Excise in the District in which such Person shall rtfide, a Notice signed with c', n'inue the Name of such Person, describing the Nature or Kind of such Carriage, and the Nnmcc, Additions, and riai°c- e' Place of Abode of the Person to whom such Carriage shall be so parted with, fold, or disposed 0 % and the Day of the Month and Year when the fame was parted with, sold or disposed of j and if any Person who shall part with, fell, or dispose of any such Carriage, shall neglect to deliver or cause to be delivered such Notice as aforesaid, every such Person shall continue chargeable with the Duties in respect of such Carriage &S if the fame had remained in his Custody or PoPiVffion until such Notice shall be delivered in Manner afortfnd.

XII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expiration of One Cdendar Month after the Persons having patting of th'3 Act, if any Person iri Ireland shall receive or have in his or her Custody or Pottl ttion any CiirrU--, <»t the Carriage which shall have been sold or disposed of to such Person at any Time after the Expiration of such 'du*r«nf Calendar Month, and of the Salt* and Disposal whereof due Notice shall not have been given according to the jVavl-Directions of this Act, every such Person fhdl be liable to and shall be charged with and pay Double the Duly^jJuble> which such Person ought otherwise by Law to be charged with in respect of such Carriage for the Year, in any Duty.

Part ot winch such Carriage shall have so been in the Custody or Possession of such Person, without such Notice having been given as aforesaid.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Coach or other Carriage which by Law is liable to any Carnaps Duty under the Management of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, shall be imported imponol into into Ireland, the Entry vhich shall be made of such Carriage at the Port of Importation, dull contain the heLndilull wot Description of Inch Carriage, distiuguittiing the Number of Wheels, and if with less than Four Wheels whether w, 'permIt construdrd to be drawn by Two Horiea abreast or otherwise, so as to ascertain the Inland Duties payable in ir0m Oihcei of respect of such C image by the Owner thereof, and also the Name, Addition, and Place of Abode of the fcxeife.

Person on whose Account such Carriage was imported, and a Copy of such Entry shall forthwith without

Delay be sent and delivered by the Officer of the Customs making such Entry, to the proper Officer of Excise

in such Port of Entry; and such OffTer of Excise shill forth with and without Delay and upon Demand grant a

Permit for conveying the fame from the C iftom house or Place of Entry to the residence of the Owner thereof,

or to such Place as inch Owner or force Person in his Bthalf shall require and direct; and if any such Carriage pena]ly 20L

so imported shall be found without such Permit, after the same shall have been removed from the Custom house

or Place of Entry, and before it shall have been placed in the Custody of the Owner thereof, or according to his

Order or Directon such Carriage may be seized by any Officer of Excise, and shall be forfeited unless the Smtti

of Twenty Pounds shall be paid for the same to the Collector of Excise for the District in which the fame (hill

be so fuzed as aforesaid, for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Boy apprenticed to serve lorany Term not exceeding Seven Years Bov*apprenticed* by the Founding Hospital, the Incorporated Society, the Hibernian School for Soldiers' Children, the Hibernian by t Uamits(halt Marine Society, or any Society or Charitable Inilitution in Ireland \or the Care and Education of Children be rated a» supported in the Whole or in part by Publick Money or Assessment, shall, during the Term of his Apprentice- ^trviinls* fh'p, be deemed a Male Servant within the Meaning of the said Act of the Forty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for granting to His Majesty Duties and Taxes in Ireland in respect of Carriages, Dogs, Fire-hearths, Horlcs, Male Servants, and Windows, so as to induce any Tax or Charge under the said Act for or in respect of such Boy serving any Person; nor flnil any Person whom such Boy shall serve be liable to any Tax or Charge during such Apprentice, ship, for or in respect of such Persons retaining or employing such Boy as a Male Servant; any Tiling in the said recited Act or any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland to the contrary jiotwitiiftandin/.

f' Powers of former Act, 47 G. 3.JI, 1. c. 21. and 48 G. 3. c. 42. extended to this Act. §15.

CAP. LXXYL

An Act for vesting in the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, by Advice of the Privy Council, the Power of prohibiting the Exportation and carrying Coastwise of Gunpowder, Salt-petre, Arms, Ammunition, and Naval Stores. [icth June 1809.]

1 XT WHEREAS it is expedient that the Powers vetted in His Majesty, by an Act passed in the Twelfth

Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, A Sub July granted to the King, of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money payable upon Merchandise exported and imported; by another A a pdf d

in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to empower 4 His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation of Salt petre, and to enforce the Law for empowering His Mafyly to prohibit the Exportation of Gunpowder, or any Sort of Arms and Ammunition, and also to empower His Majesty to refrain the carrying Coastwise, of Salt pdre. Gunpowder, or any Sort of Anns or Ammunition; and by another Act pi.ttl d 4 in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty to refrain the Exportation of Naval Stores, and more effectually to prevent the Exportation of Salt-petre, Arms, and Ammunitionr

when prohibited by Proclamation or Order in Council, for prohibiting the Exportation from Great Br itain, and the carry ng Ccaftwife, of Gunpowder, Salt-petre, Arms or Ammunition, and Naval Scores, should be vdled ' in l: kc Manner, as far as regards Ireland, in the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors there ^for the Time being, with the Advice of His Majesty's Privy Council of Ireland\* Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful, during the Continuance of the said Acts, for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Tune being, by and with the Advice of His Majesty's Privy Council of Ireland,

by

En\lish Atft,

1: C .vr. 2. c. i, §12.

Ihiiilh AeU,

24*0. >. C. 10.

33 G. 3. c. 2.

Lord LicuietvuW ai; <i Louix »1 of Irt'lnii'1 may, by 1'nn Lmatiimi or Ovdrr,

ihr E*jvor 1.1honor im Frying Coiiftwife of Guujiowdrr, Arm-, Aui-muuuwn, &c«

Hesitations in recite. 1 rxU'ml <1 to PiocliiinaUtn* and Opirts under tliU Act.

47 0.5. 11.1,

X.i8.

47 o. 5. ft. 1.

C. 38. § a.

14.

P.r- tm Titter

made ot ( ord^"e, or of M^eriaU fit only for inferior Pa|>er, shall he liable to the Duty of id. per lb. and be of the Se< ond (Jars, Sic.

Penalty, if in

Engine employed for low-priced Prtjvr there fhitM he Materials fit for making higher priced Paper, JUO).

H w Paper MaVtr, shall pay for Vats or \\ it PtcHcs kept by them.

[.'it 4 7 ft. 3. g. t.f. US. §4.]

C. 76, 77, 78* 49° GEORGII III. A.D. 18C9.

by Proclamation or Order of Council, when he and they shall see cause, and for such Time at shall be therein exprtflVd. to prohibit the exporting out of Ireland or the carrying Coadwife, and the attempting such Exportation or carrying Coastwise of Gunpowder, Salt-petre, Arms or Ammunition, Pig Iron, Bar Iron, Hemp, Pitch, Tar, Rosin, Turpentine, Anchors, Cables, Cordage, Masts, Yards, Bowsprits, Oars, Oakum, Oker, Sheet Copoer, and o'her Naval Stores, in the Manner authorized and provided in the said Acts respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That the like Exceptions and Provisoes, Rules, Regulations, and Rcfhi&ions, Penalties and Forfeitures, which are specifkd and imposed in the said Acts respectively, in the C*fe of ary Proclamation or Order of Council for such Prohibition to export from Great Britain or carry Coallwif-, or for attempting such Exportation or carrying Coastwise as discribed in the said Acts, shall be, and shall be deemed and taken to be in force, in the Case of any such Proclamation or Order of Council ilhn-d as aforesaid by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Irelandby and with the Advice o[ His Majesty's Privy Council in Ireland.

CAP. LXXVII.

An Act to amend the several Acts for securing the Duties on Paper made in Ireland.

[loth June 1809.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An 4 sfel to grant to His Majesty certain Inland Duties of Excise and Eases in Ireland, and to allow certain Drawbacks in respect thereof in lieu of former Duties of Excise, Eases, and Drawbacks, a certain Duty ot Excise of One Penny for every Pound Weight is imposed on Brown Paper made of old Ropes or Cordage only,

without any Mixture of other Matena's therewith; and by another Act, made in the fame Srffion of Parlinmert, for amending several Acts for regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Paper made in

Ireland, it is among! other Things enacted, that Brown Paper made of old Ropes or Cordage only, and without any Mixture of other Materials therewith, shall be denominated, deemed, and taken to be Paper of the Second Class; and it is also, by the said lait recited Act, among other Things enacted, that if in any Engine of which

Notice shall be given by any Paper Mak-r as employed in the maxing of Paper, chargeable with a Duty not exceeding One Penny for every Pound Weight thereof, any Materials shall be at any Time found other than

old Ropes and Cordage, then and in every such Case, such Paper Maker shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred

Pound; : And whereas it fomttime6 happens that certain refulr Materials tit only fer making Brown Paper, and

not fit for or capable of making Paper chargeable under the said Acts, with any Duty exceeding One Penny per Pound Weight, is occali naliy mixed with Inch od Ropes or Cordage, for the making of such Brown

Paper Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Brown Paper made of old Ropes or Cordage only, without any Mixture of other Mitcriali therewith, in Manner in the said Act mentioned, or made of such old Ropes or Cordage mixed with such refuse Materials only, as are not tit for making any P iper chargeable with a Duty exceeding One Pdiny per Pound Wci/ht, shall be liable to the said Duty of One Penny per Pound Weight, and shall be denominated Paper of the Second C afs under the said recited Acts; and that lo much of the said lull recited Act a; dirc&s, that if ia any Engine 1 f any Paper Maker of which Notice shall be given as aforesaid, any Materials shall be found other than old Ropes or Cordage, such Paper Maker shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That if in any Engine of any Paper Maker, of which Notice shall be given under the said lall recited Act as employed in the making of Paper chargeable with a Duty not exceeding One Penny for every Pound W ight thereof, any Materials tit for making a higher priced Paper than such paper as old Ropes or C irdage will make, or any Materials fit for making or which can be employed in making any Paper chargeable with a Duty exceeding One Penny fer every Pound Weight thereof, shall be at arty Time found, th?n and in every such Case such Paper Maker shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered and applied in like Manner as any other Penalty of like Amount may be recovered and applied under or by virtue of the said last recited Act.

III. And be it drdarid and enacted, That every Paper Maker in Ireland shall be charged and chargeable with, and shill pay for and in respect of every Vat or Wet Press which-rver (had be mo(t in Number, which shall at any Ti-r.e he kept or uftd by such Paper Maker, the several and respective Sums which by the said recited Act of the F^rtv-ft venth Year aforesaid, for amending the Acts for regulating and securing the CoiicAon of the Duties on P<per np.de in Ireland, are charged and made payable for or in resptft. of any Vat or Wet Prefeof such Paper MAt, whether such Sum is charged and made payable for any Vat or Wet Press kept or uled, or for any V it or Wet Pr fs k pt and used by any such Paper M Aer, at such Time and in such Proportions as i# the said lall recited Act "1 mentioned, specified, and contained.

41 Powers of recited AdL, 47 G. 3. f. I. c. 18. and c 38. extended to this Act. §4.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An Act for rnifing the Sum of One million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, by way of Annuities and Treasury Bills for the Service of Ireland. £ 10th June 1809.]

14 Contributors for every 10c/. (Irish Cu reney, ) shall be entitled to Tio/. in the Irish 3$ per Cents, from 41 25 December 1808; ami to gl.2s.6d. in Treasury Bills payable in Four Years from 25 March 1809, and bearing u interest at 5 per Cent, pet Annum* §1. Purging Receipts or Debentures Felony without Clergy, §19.

A.D. 1809.

49° GEORGII III.

C. 79, 80. 751

CAP. LXXIX.

An Act for raising the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds by Treasury Bills for the Service of Ireland for the Year One thousand eight hundred and nine. [loth June 1809.]

CAP. LXXX.

An Act for allowing Dealers to roast their own Coffee on certain Conditions. [loth June 1809.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the T\.nth Year of the Reign of Kina George the First, among other 1 ThmjS for repealing certain Duties therein mentioned, payable upon Coffee imported, and for ranting % certain Inland Duties in litu thereof, the Commissioners for the fail Inland Duties for the Time btirg, or the

major Part of them, are authorisrd and empowered to pray-de Hmifes for the roasting of Coffee, and to appoint Officers for attending the fame, and One or more Person or Personn well (killed in the reading of

Coffee, to attend at each such Roasting Hmife for that Purpose; and it was by the said Act directed, that from and after the providing of such Roasting Houses, and dur; n g the Continuance of the lame for the

Purposes aforesaid, no Coffee Berries should be roasted, burnt, or dried in Great Britain, in order to make the fame fit for Sale, but in some or One of those Houses, under the Penalties m trie said Act mentioned, and

certain other Provisions were by the said Act made with respect to such Roasting Houses: And whereas it is

expedient to allow ail Sellers of and Dealers in CofFee to roast their own Coffee, under, subject, and according to the Rule3 and Regulations herein after mentioned Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prtient Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act fell Sellers of and Dealers in Coffee fluff be at liberty to roast his, her, or their own Coffee, under, subject, and according to the Rules and Regulations herein after mentioned; that is to say, Every such Seller of and

any

10 G. 1. & io«

§ ) i, &«.

Dealer in Coffee, being desirous to roast. Coffee, shall, before he. (he, or they, shall Drefume to Coffee, make true and particular Entry in Writing at the next Office of Excile, of One or more Rom or Rooms for that Purpose, which Room and Rooms respectively shall rther be adjoining or as near as possible to the Rooms or Places by him, her, or them entered and made use of, for keep ng Raw CofLe j and if any Seller of or Dealer in Coffee shall presume to roast any Coffee in any Room or Place whereof he, she, or they shall not have made such Entry as aforesaid, the Person or Persons so offending ffuli for ev-ry such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pound?, together with all the Coffee which shall at any Time be found in any such Room or Place whereof no such Entry shall be made: Provided always nevertheless, that no Seller of or Dealer in Coffee, who shall at any Time receive into his, her, or their Custody or Pofltffion, any unroafted Coffee, less in Quantity than Fifty-six Pounds, save and except Coffee returned to him, htr, or them, by any Customer for being disliked, shall be at liberty to roast, or put in Operation of roasting, or fluff presume to roast, or put in operation of roasting, any Coffee; and if any Seller of or Dealer in Coffee shall contrary to the Directions of this Act, presume to roatt, or put in operation of roasting, any Coffee, he, she, or they shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds, together with all such Coffee by him, her, or them so roasted or put in operation of roalling.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Officers of Excise, or any or either of them, from Time to Time and at all Times by Day and by Night upon his or their Request (but if in the Night in the Presence of a Constable, or other lawful Officer of the Peace), to enter into all and every Room and Rooms entered or made use of by any such Importer, Seller, or Dealer in Coffee, for the Purpose of roasting or burning Coffee, and to inspect, examine, weigh, or take Account of all the Coffee, either raw, roasting, or roasted, which flull at any Time be in any such Room or Rooms, and to remain and continue in any such Room or Rooms during the Time that any Coffee shall be in the Operation of roasting.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Officers of Excise, or any or either of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to take at any Time and Times a Simple or Samples of any Coffee, either raw, roasting, or roasted, which such Officer or Officers shall at any Time find in any such Room or Rooms paying for every such Sample the usual Price theitof; and in case any Seller or Sellers, or Dealer or Dealers in Coffee, or any Workman or Servant to him, her, or them belonging, shall refuse to permit such Officer or Officers to take such Sample or Semples as aforesaid, upon his or their offering to pay for the fame after the Rate aforesaid, or shall anywise obstruct or hinder him or them in taking such Sample or Samples, such Seller or Sclitrs, or Dealer or Dealers in Coffee so offending, shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

Commissioners may permit the Use of the present roasting Houses till 03. 10, 1809. §4.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Person whatsoever shall affaulr, oppose, molest, obstruct, or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excise in due Execution of this Act, or of any of the Powers or Authorities hereby granted other than in any Case for which a Penalty is herein-before specifically imposed, all and every such Person or Persons so offending shall for every such Offence severally forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

VI.*And whereas the Officers who before and at the Time of passing this Act were employed in the

# roasting of Coffee may, by reason of the Liberty given by this Act, be without such Employment, and may

thereby lose their Salaries, and it is therefore expedient that some Compensation should be made to such Officers for the Loss of such their Salaries Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by Warrant under his or their Sign Manual, to direct during Pleasure the Commissionerj of Excise to pay to such Officers out of the Revenue of Excise such Yearly Allowances as His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, shall judge fits so as no Allowance to any such Officer

x shall

Dealers in CcflTec may rt aft their own Coffee on making Entry at the next Office of Exc.fe.

Penalty for not making Entry 50l.

Dealers receiving unroafted Coffee in lei's Quantity than S6ll>s shall not he permitted to roast C off ee.

Penalty 50l.

Officers of Excite may (Titer the Premises of Dealers,

and may take Samples ot Coffee.

Penalty for refuting Samples, look

Penalty on obstructing Officers, louL

Compensatit r> t«-(Min ers liir IajCb-o! Salary for

roasting Cv&ufe-

I*. cuLie* fli tl! be Wird nmi Tciovn' tl n> vn>: i« r (<>nn(*r 1-JVS6 ot Hi ilc*.

at ct. 3. ft. 2.

c. no. § i j.

rrjr.ilin

34 G. 3. C. 20.

§9.

Inftraft of Prnnl-ty of iool. uruler 34 G. 3. c. 20. Porfotis counterfeiting Murks on l'njur, or having Paper in their JV'ilVflion with such countcrJV it-eil Marks, \<\ ft. ill he guilty of Felonv, and trautjK.'iTc\l for feveu years.

43 G. 3. c. 09.

24 G. 3. c. 41.

Printer*, &<\ ot Silks, shall take out Licences as under $4 G. 3, c. 1.

C. 8o, 81. 49° GEORGII III. A.D. 1809.

shall exceed Three.fourthe of the Yearly Amount of the Salary of which he or they i«, arc, or shall be deprived in consequence of such Liberty as aforesaid being given by this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures imposed by this Act flifll and may be sued for, levied, recovered, and mitigated by such Ways, M: ans, and Methods as 2ny Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture is or rr.ay be recovered or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland; and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture ftnli be to His Majesty, Hii Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall discover, iuform, or sue for the same.

CAP. LXXXI.

An Act to amend several Laws of Excise relating to Paper, Silks, and Salt, and for authorizing the Seizure of Utensils in Cases where Vessels uled in Excise Manufactories are subject to Forfeiture.

[10th June 1809.]

WHEREAS by a Clause in an Act, made in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present 4 XX Majesty, among, other Things to amend several Laws of Exc: fe in Great Britain, so much of zn 4 Ad, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Mi-j-fty, as is recited in the said Clause is r repealed, save and except as is therein excepted, and it is by the said Clauft tnadrd, that if any Prrfonor Persons whatever shall counterfeit or forge, or cause to be counterfeited or forged, any Stamp, Device, or

Label provided or directed to be uftd in purfmnee of the said Act mrde in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, every Person so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be adjudged a

Felon, and shall for such hi, her, or their Offence, he trarsported as a Felon or Fclors for the Space of

Seven Years: And whereig by the said Act of the Thiity-fourth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty,

it was also enacted, That if ary Person or Persons should counterfeit, forge, or resemble the Mark or

Impression of any such Stamp or Device in Manner therein mentioned, or should have in his, her, or their Custody or Pufftffion, or should utter, vend, or (ell any Paper with fv.ch a counterfeit or forged Mark or

Impression as is therein mentioned, knowing the same to be counterfeited or forged, or should upon any

Ream, Bundle, or Quantity of Paper as is therein mentioned, knowingly put or place any Cover, or Wrapper having thereon such counterfeit or foigtd Mark or Impression as is therein mentioned, or any such counterfeit Label, every such Person so offending therein should, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds: And whereas in lieu of the said pecuniary'* Penalty of Five hundred Pounds by the said Act imposed, it is expedient to extend the Provisions of the said Act of the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of His said Majesty to Ptifons guilty of any of the said Offences lastly hereinbefore recited*/ Be it therefore enacted, by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, ?nd Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person or Persons whatever shall upon any Cover or Wrapper of or belonging to or uied with or upon any Label affixed to any Ream or Quantity of Paper, or upon any Paste* boa'd, Millboard, Scaieboard, or glazed Paper, counterfeit, forge, or rtlemble the Mark or Impression, or any Stamp or Device provided or directed to be used in pursuance of the said Act of the Thirty.fourth Year of His laid Majesty's Reign, or shall have in his, her, or their Custody or PoflVfiion, any such counterfeit Stamp or Device, knowing the same to be counterfeited, or shall have in his, fur, or their Custody or Poflrflioo, or shall utter, vend, or sell any Paper with a counterfeit or forged Mark or Impression of ary such St: mp or Device on the Cover or Wrapper of such Paper, or on any Label affixed thereto, or any Pasteboar^, Millboard, Scale-board, or glazed Paper, with a counterfeit or forged Mark or Impression of any such Stamp or Device upon such Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaieboard, or glaztd Paper, or upon any Label affixed thereto, knowing the same to be so counterfeited or forged, or shall upon any Ream or Quantity of Paper which has not been didy entered with the proper Officer or Officers, and charge d with the Duty of Excise imposed for or in resptft of such Paper, knowingly put or place any Cover or Wrapptr having thereon such counterfeit or forged Mark or Impression, or any such counterfeit Label, every Person, so in culler of the said Cases offending, and being thereof duly cr nvidtd, shall, in Hu and instead of the said Penalty of Five hundred Pounds, be adjudged t Felon, and shall for such his, her, or their Offence be transported as a Felon or Felons for the Space of Seven Years.

II. 4 And whereas, by an Act, made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An sW to repeal the Duties of J'xcise payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof, the Duties on Licences imposed by an Act made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majestr, intituled, yin si el for laying certain Duties upon Licences to be talen out by the Mahers of and Dealers in exci/cM 4 Commodities therein nicntwnLII, were repealed, and other l)utic6 ou Licences are by the Lid hrlt mentioned Act imposed in neu of the said Duties on Licences so repealed, and among the Duties so reptaled was a Duty of Ten Pounds on every Licence to be taken out by every Calico Printer, and by every Printer, Painter, or Stainer of Silk«, Liners, Cottons or Stuffs: And whereas by the said Act of the Forty-third Year of the Reign aforesaid a Duty of Ten Pounds is imposed on every Licence to be taken out by every Calico Printer, and by every Printer, Painter, or Stainer of Linens, - Cottons or Stuffs, but by Mistake no Licence Duly is by the said Act of the Forty-third Year of His said Majesty's Reign imposed on any Printer, Painter or Siainer of Silks, and it is therefore expedient to rtdify the said Mistake / Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, every Pnutcr, Painter, or Stainer of Silks, shall take out such Licence, and pay fertile fame such Sum of Money as he, she, or they would have, been subject and liable to if the said Act of the Forty-third Year of the Reign aforesaid had not been made, and shall also be subject and liable to the

like

A.D. 1809. 49° GEORGII III. C. 81. 753

like Penalties for every Neglect to take out or renew any such Licence as such Person or Persons would have been subject or liable to if the said last mentioned Act had not beeu made.

III.*And whereas by the said Act, made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, a 43 G. 3. c. 63.

Duty ia imposed on Salted Beef* Pork or Bacon, brought by Land from Scotland to England, to be paid by [Schedule A.

the Person bringing the same upon Entry thereof at the neared Office of Excise in England, on Pain of the

Forfeiture of such Beef, Pork, or Bacon, or the Value thereof s And whereat it is expedient to make such &e.

Provision as is hereto-after mentioned, for the Forfeiture of such Salted Beef, Pork, or Bacon; Be it

therefore enacted, That the Person or Persons bringing any Salted Beef, Pork, or Bacon, by Land, from to E^Und, $ % Scotland to England, shall immediately on the Arrival thereof in England make Entry thereof at the neared 00c entered »t Office of Excise in England, and in Default of making such Entry, all such Salted Beef, Pork, or Bacon, or the neurst Ek-the Value thereof, shall be forfeited.

IV. 1 And whereas by an Act made in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty* Reign, intituled e

An Act for transferring the Management of the Salt Duties to the Commissionrs if Excise, and for repealing the ?86?' 3* c*

Duties on Sa/tt and the Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties paid thereout, and for granting other Duties,

Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties thereon, the Proprietor or Proprietors of any export Warehouse,

provided and entered for the Purpose of laying, (taring, and keeping Sait for Exportation at the Port of Liverpool or Bristol, is and are for any Deficiency found upon the proper Officer of Excise weighing and taking the Account in the Month of June therein directed of the Stock of Salt remaining in any such Export Warehouse, subject and liable to forfeit and lose at and after the Rate of Twelve Shillings for every Bushel of Salt so deficient, One-Sixth Part of which is by the said Act directed to be to the Officer or Officers

who shall discover such Deficiency, and the other Five Parts to and for the Use of His Majesty: And whereas^|

the Fish-curer or Fish-curers whole Stock of Salt appears to be deficient on weighing and taking Account of and balancing the fame in the Month of May, is by the said Act subject and liable to forfeit and lose at and after the Rate of Twelve Shillings for every Buftid of Salt so deficient, Five-Sixth Parts whereof is by the said Act directed to be applied to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successora, and the remaining Sixth Part thereof to the Use of the Officer or Officers of Excise who shall discover such Deficiency: And whereas the said Sums of Twelve Shillings per Bufiiel respectively were Two Shillings per Bufiiel above the Rate of Duty to which Salt for Home Trade was liable at the Time of passing the said Act, but by the Laws now in force the said Duty has been raised to the Rate of Fifteen Shillings per Bufiiel, and it is therefore expedient to raise the said rtfptctive Sums of Twelve Shillings in Manner herein after mentioned $' Be it

therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Proprietor or Proprietors of any such Penalty for Defi-Export Warehouse shall in lieu and instead of the said Sum of Twelve Shillings for every Bufiiel of Salt deficient in Manner in the said Act in that Behalf mentioned, forfeit and lose at and after the Rate of Seventeen of the ProprictoIa Shillings for every Bufiiel of such Salt which shall be so deficient, and that the Fish-curer or Fish-carers whose of exportWxre-Stock of Salt shall appear to Be deficient in Manner in the said Act in that Behalf mentioned shall, in lieu house* and of and instead of the said Sum of Twelve Shillings for every Bufiiel of Salt deficient, in Manner in the said Act Fish-euren, lain that Behalf mentioned, forfeit and lose at and after the Rate of Seventeen Shillings for every Bufiiel of oadli*

such Salt which shall be so deficient: which said Sums of Money shall be paid and applied by the Commis* c<^iiecd^sioners of Excise in Manner herein after mentioned, that is to lay. Fifteen-Seventeenth Parts thereof to the be 17s. per Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the remaining Two Seventeenths to the Use of the Buihei.

Officer or Officers of Excise who shall discover such Deficiency.

V. 4 And whereas by the said Act, made in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, 38 G. 3. c. «t»

it is enacted, That in case any Salt, or Rock Salt, for which the Duties by that Ad imposed shall have been J.1 »?*, .*

paid, or which shall have been delivered upon Bond, free of those Duties, shall be loll or dtfiroyed through b! JlLj

Strcfsof Weather, or Storms at Sea, or by the accidental or unavoidable cafiing au aj, (inking, or firaoding ConmittMert of any Flat, Boat, Barge, or Vessel, in or on board of which any such Salt or Rock Salt shall be removing of Excise in or transporting from one Place to another, it should and might be lawful for the Owner, Proprietor, or London for Salt Shipper of such Salt or Rock Salt to make application in Writing for Relief to His Majesty's Justices of the ' Peace of the County, Rutaig, Division, or Shire nearest to which any such Accident should happen at the <*of

Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or to the Commissioners of the Excise at the Chief Office of Excise in London, de<trojwUt Sr*, 1 or any Three of the said Commissioners, and thereupon it should and might be lawful to and for such Justices Sec.

4 of the Peace at the Quarter Sessions or Commiluonera of Excise, or any Three of such Commissioners respectively, to receive and admit such Application, and to examine all Parties touching the Matter contained therein, and upon due Proof of the Fad by Two or more Credible Witnesses, one of whom should be the Mailer or Mate of such Flat, Boat, Barge, or Vessel, if such Mailer or Mate be living at the Time such Justice or Commissioners respectively are thereby authorized and required to grant their Warrant in Manner in the said Act directed: And whereas by another Act made in the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's q. j# e, 5

Reign, among other Things for amending an Act, made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of H»s §13.

present Majesty for transferring the Management of the Salt Duties to the Commissioners of Excise, the said Commissioner6 of Excise at the Chief Office of Excise in London, or any Three of them, are authorized to grant Relief in Manner therein mentioned with rclptd to Salt or Rock Salt loft by Capture of Enemies:

And whereas it is expedient to restrid the Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners of Excise at the Chief Office of Excise in London to such Salt only as shall be lost or destroyed on the Coasts of that Part of Great Britain called England, and in Rivers or Inland Navigation thereof* Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall not be lawful to or for the Commissioners of Excise or any of them, to receive or admit any such Application, or to grant any Relief for or in respect of any Salt loft by Capture of Enemies on the Coast of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, or lost or destroyed through Strcfi of 4pGc0.HL f£ Weather

45 O. 3. c. 14. §7?. r,spe<Rin£ J>rs»-ba*k# on salt repealed.

Salt seized and put up to Sale which will not

1>rotiuce the Duty shall be destroyed, and the Coimniffion-eis shall reward the Seltfcf,

Utensil* ufrd with Yctfek liable to FortVi- ture, shall also be lurl'tiud.

Penalties shall be h vied as under Laws.

45 G. 3. C. in.

49 G. 3. C. 40.

46 G. 3. c. 150.

49 G. 3. «. 48.

No SeijemK kc. not on i'er-mai-ent Pay, flmll serve longer than Privates.

Adjutants, &c. shall not train Men for Regular Alii ttia unless or-

C. 81, '82. 49° GEORGII III. A.D. 1807.

Weather or Storms at Sea, or by the accidental or unavoidable calling away, sinking, or branding of any Fiat, ' Boat, Barge or Vessel, on the said last mentioned Coast, or in any River or Inland Navigation in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; any Thing in the said last mentioned Acts, or either of them, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

VI. 4 And whereas by an Act, made in the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of rfis present Majesty, intituled, f An Act for granting additional Duties on Salt m Great Britain, it is enacted, That in all Casts where Duties arc*

granted and Drawbacks allowed by that Act on any specific Quantity of Salt, the fame should in every Case

be understood and deemed and taken to apply in the same Proportion and after the fame Rate to any greater

or less Quantity than such specific Quantity: And whereas it i6 expedient to repeal so much of the said recited CUufe, as rtlates to the said Drawbacks j* Be it therefore enacted, That lo much of said recited Clause* as relates to the said Drawbacks, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

VII. 4 And whereas Silt seized by the Officers of Excise is frequently so foul and dirty that it will not fell

for a Sum equal to the Amount of the Duties, and the Sale thereof at a less Price would be injurious to the*

Revenue, and it is therefore expedient to make such Provision as is herein after mentioned; Be it thtrefore enacted, That if upon the putting up or offering to publick Sale any Salt which now is or hereafter shall be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise, and condemned under or by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, or which shall hereafter be made, no Person or Persons shall offer or bid for the lame' such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be equal to or exceed the Duties by Law imposed for or in rn'pedof Salt made at any Salt Work in England ot* Scotland respectively, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commiflnnera of Excise in England and Scotland respectively, or any Three or more of them respectively, to cause such Salt to be destroyed, and to give the Officer or Officers by whom the lame was seized such pecuniary Reward as they the said Commissioners respectively shall think proper, such Reward not exceeding Five Stillings per Bnfhcl for each and every Bushel of such Salt so destroyed.

VIII. 4 And whereas by several Laws of Excise the VeflVU made Use of in private Manufactories of the ' Excneable Commodities therein mentioned are forfeited, but the Forfeiture does not extend to the UtentiU 4 made use of in such Manufactories, and it is therefore expedient to make such Provision as is herein after

mentioned; Be it therefore eca&ed, That wdiere any Vessels would if found be liable to Forfeiture (or want of E'stry having been made or Notice given thereof, or (or being private or concealed, all the Utcnfi.s uled or employed, or fit or proper to be used or employed, in the Manufacture of any exciicable Commodity in any private or unentered Room or Place where any such Vessel shall be found or have been made Uit of shall be* forfeited, and all such Utensils shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Pena»tie?, and Forfeitures, imposed by this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, or hereafter to be made, relating to the Duties of Excise, shall and may be sued for, levied, recovered, and mitigated, by such Waye, Means, and Methods, as any Fine, Penalty* or Forfeiture is or may be recovered or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise (not otherwise ipcciaily dirt&ed by this or any such other Act or Acts of Parliament), or by any Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, ard that ope Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall be to His Majesty, Hit Heirs and Succefijrs, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall discover, lutorm^ or £uc for the same.

CAP. LXXXII.

An Act to amend several Acts passed in the last and present Sessions of Parliament, relating to the Local Militia. [icz/a June iScp.j

1 T Y ^HEREAS an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for euallitq His Mujjty 1 XX to ejlabiifh a permanent Local Militia Force, under certain Rf/riftious, for the Defence of the Reaur.:

And whereas an Act, passed in the prdent Session of Parliament, in'ituled, An Act to amend and render mere

effectual an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to efhil ish a permanent Loed Militia Force, under certain Rfl riftions. for the Defence of the Realm: And wlurias an Act, pa iL d in the lad

Seffim of Parliament, intituled, An Act for enabling His Majesty to eflabdfh a permanent Local Militia Force in Scotland, under certain R/flriftions, for the Defence of the Realm .* And whereas an Act, passed in the present

StlTnn of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the If I Sfkn of

Parliament, for enubing His Majesty to cflabljh a permanent I me a I Militia Force in Scotland, under certain Rfi rift ions, for the Defence of the Realm: And whereas it is expedient that the said Two recited Acts, paiL d 4 in the preftut Session of Parliament, should be amended, and that further Provisi ms should be made m relation to the Local M.hlia eitabhftied by the said Two recited Acts passed in the last Session of Parliament; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and C nlent of the Lords Spiritna1 and Temporal, and C mrrons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Serjeant or N*>' -comnuflioned Officer, or Diumzner, or Musicun in the Local Militia of Great JJrit.nnt not btir?g on Permanent Pay as such, shall be required or compellable to ftrvc in the Local Militia for any longer Period ot Time than is in : hr said Acts of the last Session of Parliament respectively specified and required as to Private Men ballotted arid enrolled to serve in the Local Militia, notwithstanding any Oath or Engagement into which nny such Serjeant, Non commissioned Officer, or Drummer, or Musician shall have taken or entered into at the Time of his becoming a Scijtant, Non-^ommiffioacd Officer, or Drummer, or Musician, in the said Local Militia.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Adjutant?, Quarter Matter?* or Serjearli, or Non-commissioned Officers of the L^cal Militia of Great Britain, to receive or co umand, or train or cx.rciCe any Men enrolled for the Regular Bliiitia of their respective Counties or Stdwaurics as directed by the Lid

" 5 vccited

0: 82, 83. 756

*t?cited A&«t of the prefisnt SeffHn, unless they shall be ordered and dtre&ed so to do by the Lieutenants, pr

Vice-LicutenantP, or Deputy Lieutenants acting for any Lieutenant of any such County or Stewartry, who are hereby respectively amhorizeed and empowered to make or give any such Orders and Directions to such Adjutants, Quarter Milters, and Non-commiflHned Officers, as they shall see lit in that Behalf.

III. And be it further enacted and declared, That the Provision in the said recited Acts of the present Jxfliop of Parliament contained, as to making Estates of the Value required by the Laws relating to the Mdiiia, good and valid Qualifications for any Officer of Militia, although the same shall not be situate in the County or Stewartry to which the Officers having such Estates respectively shall belong, shall be deemed and construed to extend to the Local Militia only, and not to the Regular Militia.

IV. ' And whereas Doubts have arisen as to the Enrolment of the Local Militia of the Stannaries by the ' Warden of the Stannanes for Remedy whereof, be it declared and enacted, That the Enrolment of the

Local Militia of the Stannaries by the Warden of the Stannaries, and the adxiniftering the Oath to the Persons enrolled in the Local Militia of the Stannaries, shall be and be deemed to be as good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame had been done by any special Deputy Wardens at any Meeting, and the said Warden of the Stannaries shall be and is hereby indemnified for and on account of the fame, and released and discharged from all A&tons, Suits, Penalties, and Forfeitures whatever incurred by him for any Thing done in relation to such Enrolment of the Local Militia of the Stannaries as aforesaid.

V.*And whereas the Quota of Local Militia established for the Cinque Ports, Two ancient Towns, and' their Members, by the said recited Act of the Forty-eighth Year aforesaid, have been found, by reason of the Number of Seafaring M-n residing within the said Cinque Ports, ancient Towns, and Members, to

' exceed the due Proportion of Edablishment of Local Militia according to the Number of Men liable to serve

Be it therefore rnacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty's Privy Council, and they are hereby empowered, to ascertain, settle, and fix the Quota of Local Militia for the said Cinque Ports, Two ancient Towns, and their Members, and for that Purpose to require and have all such Returns of the Number of Men liable to

'serve and ex^umt therein, as shall be necessary to enable the said Privy Council to regulate and fix m proper 'Quota for such Local Militia } any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An Act for the Amendment of the Laws now in force in Ireland, relative to Persons entering into Recognizances in Criminal Cases, in Custody under any Fine, or under such Recognizance.

/, [loth June 1809.]

WHEREAS great Neg1e£b have been committed in the issuing of the Process for ievying the Sums due for forfeited Recogn'/.ancea in Ireland, and for Fines imposed at Affixes, Commissions of O/t-r and Terminer, and General Gaol Delivery and Sessions of the Peace in Ireland, and in consequence thereof many

Recognizances, which have been forfeited by Persons bound for the Appearance or Prokcution of Persons charged with Crimes, or for keeping the Peace, have remained for a great Length of Time in Arrear and

unpaid, and many Fin-s imoofed at Assizes, Commissiona of Oyer and Terminer, and General Gaol D.-livery

and S; fin os of the Peace, have remained unpaid and uncoile&ed: And wherca6 it would not be expedient to ifibe and enforce the Proctfs for levying the Arrears thereof which have been suffered so long to remain due Be it therefore enactd by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Recognizances which have been forfeited by Persons who have become bound therein for the Aopeara^ce or Prosecution of Persons charged with any Crimes or Offence-, HtVh or Petit Treason and Murder only excepted, or for keeping the Peace, and all Fines imposed at Affixes, Commissions of Oyer and Terminer 01 Genefal G*ol Delivery and Sessions of the Peace, before the first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eight, and which now are and lland unsatisfied and unpaid respv&.vcly, shall be heucefurth for ever discharged and vacated to all Intents and Puroofes whatsoever; and from henceforth no P-ocefs or Execution shall issue or be executed thereon from His Mqelly's Court of Exchequer, nor shall the Officer or Officers of the said Court of Exchequer, by whom the Pro cel's ought to have beeu issued for the Lme, be in any Sort aufwerab'e for their Conduct or NegUcl with respt <fl to the fume.

II. And whereas und r and by virtue of several A£l$ passed in the Parliament of Ireland, Perf rs about

to enter into Recognizances in Ireland, as Sureties for others in Criminal Cases, are required to make entain

Oith.* in order to qualify themlclvesto enter i: -to such Recognizances; and, in order to obviate all Doubts, it is expedient that a Form of Oath be provided to be so taken, aui that the Cases in which the fame ijitll be

taken be clearly defined Be it therefore em&ed by the Authority aforesaid, That no Court or Judge, or

Julice of the P.-ace, or other Offi : cr or Person whatsoever in Ireland, shall receive any PtrCun to become a Surety, or be bound for the App-arance of any other Person or Persons charged with any O.Tc'Cc whatsoever. or that any other Person or Persons should keep the Peace, or be of good Behaviour, unltL such Person so offering to become Surety, or be bound, shall have first made Oath before such Court, Judge, Joffice, 3>rother 'Officer or Person in One of the Forms here following, or in some other Form of Word* of the like Import and Effect respectively, that is to say, if such Person shall reside in a County at large, in this Form; (to wit}, '* 1'do swear, That I am a Householder, and have a Hpufe whereiu Indually .reiide

at in the Parish of Barony or Half Barony of n '

and County of and that I support and maintain myself by v an4 that

I am worth the Sum of [here insert double the Sum in which he or she is to fa bound j ever and abfty* my just

'Debit.- 1. i.*-J. .....t: 4', / S9 btlp.mcvCOD., J

-»5 E»And

drrrd by the Lieutenancy. f.S»r 10 G. 3r C. 4 0. § \M ]

49 G. a. r. in.

?f». as to Qil»-

lili< ation-i of OHirers fb-I! rev l.iin to IjO»al Mlliti>ooV. f - J

Indemnity to Warden of Statv* narirs respectinj Enrolment of Local Militia.

[6<r 4 8 G. J. r. ill. §7l j

Privy Conned*cmpo'.vered to fix tnr Quota of Local Militia ibr the Cinque Ports, &c.

{Sec 4 b G. 1. c, ill. § os.]

Itecognimnees tt hi' U have heeo forlcitcJ and Fines iin|x/ctl at any Alfi/cs, ^Cc. in [reland, before July 1, isos, shall 1h- dif-charzcd and va* cated, and no F rocel> or l'\frution to (>o had tljereon.

- , v

Versons enf^rin^ into Urro^nV tiers in Ir»! uitt as >u0 ii> n f« r, ofht rx in Cri-piin; .I C; if--

the fc/U'-winj 1

Oath,

KAA*, asG.a. c.so.

Perfom in Cufi-tody fall not he ftlieveJ from Payment of Fines on Recov-oizancea, unleu no Payment of to tu tick as they can pay.

On Petitions tot Relief, Court shall inquire into tha Circom-suns under which die Recognizances were forfeited.

Presentmentt

for inclosing, fencing, and Improving Post Bonds, maybe either on County or Barony.

Suhjf&to Khe Affidavits, &c. as required by a« G.O. 0.) «.

C. 83, 84. 49 GEORGII III. A.D. 1809.

And if foci* Pet-foo Aa8 reside in a County, County of m City or Town, the Words 11 refidt it99 tod fro* thence to M County of'9 shall be omitted, and instead thereof these Words Audi be inserted; (to wit) " reside u in {naming the Street % Square* Latte* or Place] in the Parish of and County of the City

M or Town of and every such Oath shall be annexed to or written on the fame Piece of

Paper or Parchment with the Recognizance, and shall be signed by the Person making the same, tod attested by the proper Jurat of the Court, Judge, Justice or other Person taking the same as aforesaid, and shall be sufficient in lieu of all and every Oaths and Oath required by any Law in force in Ireland to be taken by any such Surety.

III. And whereas by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-eighth Year of His prefect

Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Collision of Sums arising from forfeited Recignixances* mi9 from Fines imposed at Affixes. Commissions of Oyer and Terminer and General Gaol Delivery and Seffiom of the

Peace and for the future Application of tie fame, it is among ft other Things enacted, that it should be lawful for the Court of Exchequer, or the Judges of Assize, on the Petition of any Person or Personsin Custody of any Sheriff or Sheriffs, for Non-payment of any Sum or Sums due on any Fine or Fines, or Recognizance f or Recognizances entered into in any of the Cases aforesaid, by either a Surety or a Principal, to examine9into the Fa6b of such Petition m a summary Manner, and if they should fee fumcieot Rea font to grant an Order or Warrant (as the Case may be) under their Hands to discharge any Person so in Custody: Aid

whereas it is expedient that the said Provision should be modified, and the Powers of the said Court and Judges extended tn Manner here following / Be it therefore enacted, That if the Petition in any such Cife shall alledge the Inability of the Petitioner to pay the Amount of the Sum or Sums for which he or she Dull be foin Custody, the Court or Judge in examining into such Petition shall inquire whether such Petitioner nay not be of Ability, or have the Power to pay and discharge some and what Part or Proportion of the Sum or Sums for which he or she shall be so confined, and shall not on the said Ground of Poverty or Inability order such Petitioner to be so discharged but on the Payment of such Part or Proportion of such Sum or Sums ss he or she may so have the Power to pay and discharge.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in any Case in which such Petitioner shall have been fined, or shall hare been the Principal in any Recognizance on which be or she shall be so in Custodyf such Court or Judge shall also inquire into the Nature of the Offence for which such Fine shall have been imposed, or of the Charge in consequence of which such Recognizance shall have been entered into, and under what Circumstances the fame was forfeited; tad in case such Petitioner shall be so in Custody under any Recognizance to answer or appear to any Charge, and shall, after the Forfeiture of such Recognizance, have been tried and acquitted of inch Charge, such Court or Judge (halt inquire whether on such Trial all the Witnesset for the Frofecutron attended and were examined, and if not, then, whether by the Forfeiture of such Recognizance, the Attendance of any such Witness was in any Reined prevented 5 and if such Petitioner shall be a Surety, then such Court or Judge shall inquire whether such Surety used due Diligence to make the Principal amenable to the Law; and in all and every of such Cases, the said Court or Judges or Judge of Assize, shall have full Power and Authority, if they or he shall think proper, to order the Discharge of such Petitioner, either generally or after such Length of Time as such Court or Judges or Judge, in his or their Discretion, shall think fit, haring Resped to the Circtimstances of the Case, and to the Lrngth of Time that such Petitioner shall hare bee* so in Custody as aforesaid previous to the making of such Order, and to the Objcd and Purposes of this sad the other Acts relating thereto; and such Order in such Form shall be good and valid to all latent* and Purposes whatsoever.

Powers of Irish Acts 38 Geo. 3. c. 50; 39 Geo. 3. c. 67; and 40 Geo. 3. c. 30. extended to thin 4- Aa. f 5.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An Act for amending the Irlfb Road Acts.

[10th June 1809.]

WHEREAS the providing for the Expence of repairing of Post Roads in Ireland, by Barony Prefect-

merits, may in certain Cases prove unequal and oppressive Be it therefore enacted by the King'* most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confmt of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Grand Jury of any Countr, County of a City, or County of a Town in Ireland, at any Affixes or Presenting Term, to be held after the passing of this Act, to present all such Sum and Sums of Money as may be nfcrfliry for widening, fencing, levelling, repairing, and otherwise improving any Road now made, upon which His Majesty's Mailt are or shall be carried in Four-wheel Carriages, leading from the City of Dublin directly to any Post Town in Ireland, or leading dire£Hy to any Post Town from any Port in Ireland* to which His Majesty's Packet Boats with Mails from Great Britain regularly fail, to be raised either off the County at large, or off any Barony or Half Barony, County of a City, or County of a Town, in which such Road or any Part thereof is or shall be situate.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all and every such Sum and Sums of Money (b to be presented shall be presented, and all Payments on account of such Preferments shall be made on the like Affidavits, ard1 subject to like Regulations and Conditions as are prescribed and required with respect to the prtfenting and paying Money for the like Purposes, by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland'* in the Thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Amendment of Publish Hoads, for dtreSing the Potutr af Grand Juries respecting Preferments, and for repealing several Laws heretofore made for such Purposes, except <0 far as the fame may require to be altered in order to make them conformable to the Provihona of this Art.

III. And for the more fjKtdily repairing hidden Breaches in the said Road*, and the Bridges and Gullets

thereon/ Be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of any County, County of

City,

e

A.D. 1809.

49° GEORGII ni.

C. 84, 757

Grand J«m* (inpowcrad to appoint Soper* viser* of Roads without Salary*.

8uperrifoc may expend yearly not cxeecding la. per Perch. 9nperrifor may* appoint a Deputy with a Salary; and with Powers of Conserva ton under U6 G. 3* (10

Grand Jnry may* prefen t for reimhurfing tht Super? Lfor; and for Paymeoi of Deputy; uyoa.AS&larit*

Grand Varies shall present*, i«t the first Instaoce, for h veiling and forming o«W Roads from MadBrt.li

City, or County of a Tows in Iretami, at any Affixes to nominate and appoint facto and so many Persons possessed of a Freehold or Leasehold Estate of not less than Five handled Pounds yearly Valor, who may be willing to act without any Salary or Allowance, to be Supervisor* of such Roads in the said County, County of a City, or Town, or of such Part thereof at shall be specined by such Grand Jury, not exceeding Eight Miles in Length, for the Purpose of superintending the fame, and of preventing all Nuisances and Injuries thereto-, and from Time to Time to remove any such Supervisor, and to appoint another in his Stead*; and it shall and may be lawful for every such Supervisor to expend and lay out in each and every Year any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding One Shilling by the Perch for each Perch within the Distri&of such Supervisor, in repairing, cleenfing, and otherwise improving such Roads or Part of them, and the Bridges and Pipes thereon, and in removing all such Huifances as may occur thereon; and it shall and may be lawful for every such Supervisor to appoint One or more Deputy or Deputies, with a Salary by the Year not exceeding for the Whole of such Deputy or Deputies a Sum to be calculated after the Rate of Two-pence for each Ptrch of the Road, to the Care of which such Supervisor shall be so appointed; and such Supervisor and his Deputy or Deputies shall have all such Pbwers and1 Authorities with respect to such Roads or Parts thereof as aforesaid, as are given to Overseers and Conservators of Roads under and by virtue of the said recited Act of the Thirty-sixth Year aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Grand'Jury of any County, County of aCity, or County of a Town, where such Supervisor* shall be nominated and appointed as aforesaidi and such Grand Jury shall and they are hereby required at any Assizes to present such Sam and Sums of Money as (haR be necessary to re4mburfe and defray alt Sams so advanced and laid out by any such Sapervisor, and for the Payment of any such Deputy or Deputies, to be levied either off the County at large, or off any Biroay or Half Barony wherein such Road is situate: Provided always, that an. Affidavit made and (igfted before some Justice of the Peace by such Supervisor shall be laid before such Grand* July, dating that the Work has been property executed, together with an Affidavit made and figucd in like Manner by the Deputy employed in such* Work,

Raring that the Money has been fairly and honefUy expended, and if a reasonable- Charge to* the best of hit*

Knowledge nod Belief, with the Particulars of the Expenditure.,

V. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Grand Jury of toy County, County of a Gty, on County of a Town in Ireland, dull at any Affixes or Presenting Term have presented any new Rbad to be laid out and made between any Two Market Towns, or fromany Market Town to the Sea, pursuant to the Directions of the said recited Act of the Thirty-sixth Year, and shall deem it expedient to make a Present men t for forming, levelling, and draining the fame distio£b from the Presentment for gravelling or making it with small Stones, it dull be lawful for such Grand Jury to present all such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be necessary for levelling and forming, or draining the fame, to be raised off the Barony or Half Barony, or County of a City, or County of a Town, in which such Road shall be Glutted Provided always, that an Affidavit (worn by Two credible Witnesses who can read and write, before a Justice of the Peace for such County, in Fora*'following, shall have been first laid before such Grand Jury; (thatixto say)».

e COUNTY of of

v and of do fWear* that the

Stun of will be necessary to form, level, and to drain [as tbs Cast

may be']. Pfcrches of the new intended Road from:

to between. and

all in the Barony or Hats Bfcrony of tn this County, Feet

a wide in the clear of all Ditches, Banks, Drains, and Fences, being at the Rate of s by the Pbrch* and that the said Sum is a reasonable Charge to the best of their Jpdgment and Belief/*

VI. And be it further ena&sd, That no Money shall be paid by the Treasurer of any County on account of any such Presentment, until an Affidavit of One of the Overseers appointed by the Grand Jury, sworn before a Justice of Peace for such County, tn the Form following, be first allowed by the Grand Jjsry. and the Court

f OUNTYof Whereas the Sum of

was presented at Affixes, in the Yfeatv

expendedin forming, levelling, or draining £asthe Case may be]

new intended Road from to between*

*and all'io the Barony or Hfclf Barony oP

County* Fret wide in* the clear of all Ditches, Banks, or Fences: N5w T

do swear, that T have faithfully and honrftly expended, the Sum of in forming*

levelling, or draining [as the Case may be*} Perches of the said Road, and that every.'

Part of the said Parches is- Feet in the Clear between*

the Ditch?*, Banks, or Fence*, and is level throughout the Whole of the said Width; and that there i* not'

adjoining to either Side of the Road so formed, levelled, and drained; any Grip, Trench, or Drain, without

a Wall or other fuffcient Fence between it and the Side of the Road; and that thfe annexed Account it true in

every Part, and contains the Whole of the Expenditure of the said Sum of

and that every Part of the said Work* was finished on the Day oP /*

VII. And be it further fnaded, That it shall and may be lawful for the Grand July of'auy Comity in which- Omd JSvyffiJt such Road shall have been so far formed and laid out, at any Assize* which shall be holden for such County, present for to present any such Sum or Sums as may be necefiairy for making and finifiriofg of such Road with Gravel or* {L*J*6 forb shall Stones; and all such Sum and Sums of Money shall be presented and paid upon the Hke Affidavits, and subject to the like Regulations and Condiriona as are prescribed and required for prdfenting and paying Money _ % £rib'4by foi making new Roadt by the said recited A&of the Thiny»(tyh Year aforesaid, Sea a. «* eat.

Form of Affidaeir for pyefeating.

AflE* dn?it for AccouoSi before Payment. Of Moaey bj Tieafoies^.

to be Parches of the

in this

Cirand Jude*

empowered to rait'e Sum* for repairing Foot-piths instead of the Sums stated in U6 G. 3. c. 5.

Increased

Vrefeniment for Court lloule Keepers, iuttcad of that tindvr 3* G. 3, C. 55.

Th pairs of Bn*laments of Bribes.

Grtml Juries

may prei*nt for the paving of & "Road by the fcr.nre Yard inHead of the Perdi, &c.

Pr, fenunenu for

tfp*.

rresentments for Nile Stoner, by c. 53.

iuorcafei.

Affidavit of BiUmite.

TruTlresof Turnpike lloads shall eie& Mile Stones and l inger Pulls,

fn default of Traitors, Grand J uries shall jprefuat.

Amount shall be recos'ered by Trustees by Civil Hill.

WtvPresentnoent > thr.'ie allow ed in Utf ire naidi does uut ftne on Tilt? fa»: e of it eh* l^ew troia w«igh Grat'd. J nries derive JLb'.vr AuthortUy.

VIIIw And be it further enacted, That lVlfeu of the Sm« allowed and required by the said recited Act of the Thirty*Gxth Year aforesaid, for the makitvg and repairing of any Foot-path on any Road, it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury at any Affixes or Presenting Term after the paffin r of this Act, to present any Sum not exceeding Three Shillings by the Perch for making, and One Shilling and Sixpence hythe Perch (or repairing Foot-paths; and the said respective Sums shall be presented and paid under the Provisioni, Rc; r> lationr, and Affidavits prescribed by the aforesaid Act, with respect to Money presented for Foot-paths undtf the said recited Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, that in lieu of the Sum allowed and required by the said recited Act of the Thirty-sixth Year aforesaid, to be presented by Grand Juries for Court house Keepers, it shall and m*y be lawful for any Grand Jury at any Affixes or Presenting Term after the passing of this Act, to present snv Sum, not rxcecding Eight Pounds in each Year, for the Court-hoiifc Keeper of any County, County of a City, or Town, subject to the like Affidavit and Regulations prefcnbtd by the aforesaid Act of the Thirty sixth of His present Majesty.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Grand Jury, in Cases where the

Bitdeuunts of Bridges shall have been lately built or repaired by Presenttnenr, to contract for keeping the fame in Repair for any Term not less than Seven Year9; provided that no larger 3 .ml than One Shilling shall be paid annually for every Perch in Length of such Bntlcment*, and provided that no Money shall be pa'd, onlef# it shall appear to the Grand Jury, by the Affidavit of the Contractor, and the Certificate of the Conferrator of the Road in the Barony in which the Bridge is situate, or of a Migiltrate, that the said Battlements are and have been kept in good and sufficient Repair since the Affixes preceding. 1

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for act, Grand Jury of a County, County of a City, or County of a Town, in such Cases where they may deem it arivifeable to prefen: for the paving of t Road or Street by the square Yard, irdlead of making or repairing the fame by the Perch, with Gravel or fmatt Stones Provided always, that all and every Sum and Sums of Money so to be presented shall be so prefrnted# and all Payments on account of such Presentments shall be made on the like Affidavits, and fttbjeft to like Regulations and Conditions as are prescribed and required with respect to the presenting and paying Money for the like Purposes by the aforesaid Act of the Thirty-sixth of His present Majesty, except fd far as the famemay' require to be altered in order to make them conformable to the Provifmrs of said Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every Affidavit upon which any PresentmeU for any Pipe, Gullet, or S^wer. shall be granted, shall specify the Dimensions of such Pip.-, Gullet, or Sewer.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, its lieu of the S'm which

Grand Juries are allowed to present for Mile Stones and Fin/cr Poll* by the said recited Act of the Tfiirty* sixth Year aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury to present, to be raised 01T the County at large for each and every Direction Poll, Mile Stone, or Mile Poll, any S im or Sums of Money not exce?d*ng Twenty Shillings for each Mile Stone or Mile Poll, and not exceeding Thirty Shillings for each Finger Puft: Provided always, that an Estimate upon Oath be previously laid before such Grand Jury, (fating the Expenco of procuring and.erecting such Mile Stones or Mile Polls or Finger Polls, dating the Dimensions thereof, and the Size of the Letters and Figures to be inscribed thereon respectively..*

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees, Over leers tr Commissioners, or Directors for the Tims being of the several Turnpike Roads in Ireland, shall and they are hereby required to erect or cause to beere&ed upon and throughout the Line# of the respective Roads under the Care and Management of such Tru'tfea respectively, within Two Years after the passing of this Act, proper and f iffi icnt Mile Stones or Mile Polls at, exact and-due Didances from each other, on each of which shall ba legibly iufenibed the.Number of Mae# such, Miie S'one or Milt* Pod is di.'lant from the C.'ty.of Dahlia, if the Road leads to or from Dublin direct, and also the Nutnb-r of Mies the fame is di'lant from such Town, on each S de thereof, on the LYe of speh Rend, as they shall think proper f and also to ere51 or cause to he erected at all Publick Cross Roads wYch occur in the Line of any such Road, proper and sufficient Finger Pods, on each Side of which shall be legibly inscribed the Number of Miles such Finger Polk is did ant from any Town or Village to which such Finger Poll shall point or direct; and in case the Tradees, Cnimrffi mens, or Directors of any Turnpike Road shall nrglcft to c-eft proper and sufficient Mile S'onra and Finger Pods in and throughout tl\e respective L'nes of their Road# within the Term of Two Years? aforesaid, then and in such C*fc it shall be lawful for the Grand Jury of any County, County of a City, or County of a Town wherein any such Neglect shall take place, at any Assize# of P tfenting Term after the Expiration of the said Two Years, to present such Sum or Sums as may be neccifrry for procuring and crefting Inch Mile Stones or M: !c Po.ls and Finger PolL, not exceeding Twenty Shillings for each Mile Stone or Mi e Polk, and Thirty Shillings for each Finger Poll; and it (hdl and may be lawful for the IYeafurer of such County, County of a City, or County of a Town in which the Grand Jury shall hate cauLd M; le Stones or M le Polls and Finger Polls to be procured and jSrccLd as affirefai I, jto fne the Trulletf of the Turnpike Road on which the same shall have been ercfled, by One or more Civil Bill or Bills (in which

B.iit cirher the Treasurer or Secretary to the Tru (lees of such Roads (shall be made the Defendants) and to r cover frm them the full Amount of the Sum so expended by order, of the said Grand Jury in treding Mile Stones and Finger Polls as aforesaid, together with the Cods of Suits, and also a Sum of TwO Shilling# ill llio Pound upon the Amount recovered, as a Reward for hi# Trouble.

XV. And be it further enaA*d, That on every Presentment for the raising of any Publick Money whatsoerer# wb'^h shall be made by any Grand Jury apooi-ted by the Court at any Affixes or fYefeming Term, for any County, County of a City, or Town in Ireland, the Title of the particular Act of Parliament und«r whicl\ such Presentment shill be made and fiated, shall be ft-ited on the Face of such Presentment: and th*t every such Presentment shall be entered in the County Book, dud Qnerc Book, with a Marginal Note of inch Aftj foecifying the Year of the King* Reign, artd the Chapter attdSeftion (if Toch'Act as printed'by the K*n^« Ig iqtjr; and that all Preferments not made according to the Directions foregoing (halt be null and void,

*'1*

e

A.D. 1809.

49° GEORGII III.

C. 84.

759

Not to «xiend to )U ad3»

Briars, S» fliOll Houses, £*c,

Affidavits a» to gravelling Road*

Affid§rli for s accounting loe lUpa'rs ot Kc*iJ# ftiuii Haie iliat Hack* oi Ditches arc uirn*d to the Road.

Grand June* may prrfent for filling uj> r Grips on Affidavit.

XVI. Provided iierertheleO, and be it further rnofted, That the foregoing Regulation shall not extend or be construed to extend to any Prefintment for forming, levtiling, fencing, draining, widening, making, repairing, or otherwise improving any R ad, or to the building, repairing, or otherwise improving any Bridge,

Sessions House, Gaol, or other Maf n Woik.

XVII. 'And whereas Doubts have arisen whether the Words contained in Affidavits accounting for the c Repai'S of Roads, dating that Part of the Width of such Roads is made with Gravel or small Stones, do uot

imply that in every Perch to be repaired the whole Width has been Honed or gravelled anew; Be it further enacted That the Repairs of Roads may be tllimated, presented, and accounted for, without specifying any particular Breadth in each Prrch to be newly Honed and gravelled; any Thing in any such Affidavit so required to hr madt as aforesaid notwithstanding. 1

XVIII. And be it further enacted, that from and after the End of the several Lent Assizes which shall be held in Ireland in the Year One thousand eight hundred and t*-n, no Affidavit for the accounting for the Repairs of any Road shall he allowed by the Grand Jury, or by the Court at any Affizts or Presenting Term in or for any County, or County of a City or Town in Ireland. unless it Avail be specially Hated in such Affidavit that there is not on either Side of any Part of the Road ipeeif»ed in Inch Affidavit, any Grip, Trench, or Diain, without a Wall or other sufficient Fence between Inch Grip, Trench, or Drain, and the Side of inch Road.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be hwful for any Grand Jury of a County, County of a City, or County of a Town, at any Assizes or Prtfeiiting Ttrm, to present any Sum that may be nectfiary for filling up Grips on the Sides of Road, provided an Affidavit be first laid before them, Hating the Length,

Breadth, and Depth of such Grips proposed to be filled up, and that the Sum is a reasonable Charge $ and provided also, that no Money on account of such Presentment shall be paid until an Affidavit is hi (I laid before the Grand Jury, Hating that the Money has been fairly and honcllly expeaded according to such Prtfcntment, with the Particulars of the Expenditure.

XX. And be it further crafted, That whenever snd as often as any Sum, by way of Compensation for Grand Jure*

Damage, is awarded (under the Provisions of the said recited Act) to any Owner or Occupier of Land from may presentfor whence any Gravel, Stones, Sand, or other Materials have been taken by any Overfter for filling up Grips, as Drawee done well as for the other Purposes therein fprcified, it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury to present the fame, to

to be levied off the Barony or Half Barony, County of a City, or County of a Town in which the Materials jc*

have been expended, provided it shall appear to them that the Appraisers have viewed the Land both before and Barony, &c.

after the Damage has been committed, and that all the Stipulations containtd in the said Act for the like Purposes

have been duly complied with and perfo-med.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no Words in any accounting Affidisit, required by the said recited Act of the Thirty-sixth Year, or this Act, importii g that the Account annexed to such Affidavit is true in every Part, shall extend or be conlfrucd to extend to prevent the passing of the Accounts for any Road which shall have been or shall be repaired by Conlraft: Provided always, that the Time of such Contract shall be specified in such Account, and that it shall be Hated in such Affidavit that the said Contract was fairly made and entered into, upon the belt and muH advantageous Terms that could be procured, without Favour or

Partiality to the Contrail or, and that such Contraftor has given Security to the Overseer for keeping the Road

ifl repair for One Year from the Date thereof.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That no Affidavit for the accounting for the Expenditure cf any publick Accounting Money for any Road, or for any publick Work, shall be allowed by the Grand Jury, or by the C »urt at any A i 1 -

Assizes or Presenting Term or Odoler Session, in any County, County of a City or Town in Ireland, urh-fs it shall be Hated in such Affidavit that the Road or Wo: k therein mentioned was completed on iomc Day, being not less than Six clear Days previous to the Commission Day of such Assizes or Presenting Term, or Six clear Days pievioua to the First Day of such October Siffionr, as the Case may be; nor unless such accounting Affidavit shall be lodged with the Secretary of the Grand Jmy, previous to the Commission Day of Inch Assizes, or the First Day of such Odoler Svffi: nf, of which Lodgment so rrii.de the fa: d Secretary shal make Oath m open Court.

XX11J.*And whereas in the aforesaid Act of the Thirty sixth cf His present ALjesty, it is enactrd, That in every V/arrant to be issued by the Treasurer of the County to the several Prisons who, under the Prov.lions of the said Act, are to be the Colltftors for levying cr colUfting the Sums of Money to be raised cfl each Barony or Half Barony, there shall be inserted the Names of the several Manors, P*rishes, or Denominations,

contained in that Portion of the County which such l\ifonis to co.ltft from, as the fame i* contained in the County Book, and also the whole Sum to be collected, and the Portion thcrcot which each Manor, IV.ith, or Denomination is to pay, according to it* Contents in the County Book, or as it has been usually ratid at:

And whereas there are feme Counties which either have no County Book, or in which Book no Manors,

Pandits, or Denominations arc inferred, or in which the Contents cf all or tome of the Manors', P«iijLcs, or.

Denominations are not specir.ed, and no ufuel or regular Rate has prevailed, so as to gUe official Knowledge to the Treasurer, and enable him to iufert, agreeable tbcruo, the Portion which each Manor, P*nlh, or*Denomination is to pay p Be it therefore enacted That in all or an) of such Counties, it fhr.li be lawful for the Grand Jury, at the next Assizes after the peifing of this Act, or at any subsequent Assizes, to form a Table of the Names of the several Parishes, Manors, and Denominations, and the Contents of each in any Barony or Half Barony, the Manors, Parishes, and Denomination whereof, with their Contents, ate not contained in the County Book, and the Treasurer of such County shall cause publick Notice to be given thereof throughout such Barony or Half I>arony, by ordering the Collector, High Conitanlc, or Sub-ConHable, to* post a Copy of such Table on the Door of each Church within such Barony or Half Barony, and on the Door of every Market House therein, Thirty Days at the lead previous to thq then next ensuing Assizei, requuing all Persons who may think themselvco aggrieved by fu$h Table to appear before the Grand-Jury.at such then, -

Acecn>im»g

Affidavit win n Rqwir* of Rond are touuj&ed for. i

Affidavit for pukick Work livtiil ft ate that d, c Work vcsfmilKd fcix 1l.IVS Lm.11 /re Adati, Lc*

Grand Jur'c*

shall foiiuTabtSi' of the Nainf*-ot iiK-h 1 Willie*, -, &c, ami the ( omenta'lierwfr u gre not;

contained in to*CouuijBowIu-

76©

'Prvfeutroeut* shall give Security before the Grand Jury,

Affidavit of ColWiori Ivefora Prefrtitwem foe sheir Poundage.

Before Prefrotmenfs for Salary to Treasurer, Certificates of their Securities ihallJbe tpruducad.

Affidavits for Fn-fenunent,

shall be lodged 15 Days before vhe Conuniiiiofl Pay of each Jiffize, &c«

Yx pan re of

printing .Schedule, of Affidavits (had

pr denied.

Presentmettfs and Quere Books shall be primed after each A£k4

Privets, Paflenpers and Travellers of all P^fenptiona stall take the

left-hand Side

C. 84. 49° GEORGII nL A.D. 1809.

next enftitng Affixes, and ftoch Grand Jury it such Assizes shall proceed, if they shall think proper, to uaauae 'such Persons at shall so appear upon Oath, (which Oath such Grand Jury k hereby empowered to adminiBcr, ) respecting such Table, and any Objections thereto, and it shall be lawful for such Grand Jury, at such Uft« mention'd Assizes, to amend such Table aafhey shall think fit, and to present such Table, either at originally formed or amended as aforesaid, to be the Table by which the several Manors, Parishes, and Deoominstioni in duch Barony or Half Barony, shall in future be proportionably rated for the Purpose of levying all Money to be raised thereon under Presentment of Grand Juries, and the Names of such Manors Parishes, and Deaoaioa* tions, with the Contents of each, shall be insertrd in every Warrant to be issued thereafter by every Tretfurt? of any such County to any Collector as aforesaid, in like Manner as if the fame had bees contained ifi the County Book or otherwise, according to the Provisions of the said recited Act.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no High Constable or Collector shall be authorized to colkft aay Presentment, Cess or publick Money, unless the Security required by the said recited Act of the Thirty-sixth Year, to'be given by him, shall be duly entered into before the Grand Jury by whom such High ConfUbk or Collect or shall have been appointed, by Bond and Warrant of Attorney, without Sump, cooditioced as in the said recited Act is speciried and set forth; any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary not with ftmding.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That no Presentment for Poundage shall be made for collcding any publick Money by any Grand Jury, or fiated by the Court, under the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Thirty-sixth Year aforesaid, unless the Treasurer's Warrant under which such Collector has proceeded to levy the Cess be annexed to such Presentment, nor unlefafuch Collector and his Deputies shall make Affidavit before the said Grand Jury that such has been fairly and impartially levied, and that no more than the Sum authoriz'd <by the Treasurer's Warrant, with the customary Collector's Fees, has been collided, to the bell of his sod their Knowledge and Belief.

XXVL. And be it further enacted, That no Presentment for any Salary, Poundage or Allowance, to any Treasurer of any County, Cou nty of a City or Town in helandp shall be made by any Grand Jury or fiated by any Court or Judge, unless there shall be previously produced to such Judge by the acting Clerk of the Crova at the Affixes or Presenting Term in which such Presentment shall be required to be made, a Certificate signed by the proper Officer, dating what Securities for the due Performance of his Office such Treasurer has given and entered into, and that such Securities have been duly recorded in the proper Office, and such Certificate (hill date the Dates when such Securities were entered into, the Names of the respective Sureties, and the Sums for which such Sure lies were severally bound*

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Affidavits for Presentments for forming, levelling, fencing, draining, widening, making, repairing, or otherwise improving any Road, and for the building, repairing, or otherwise improving, any Bridge, Session House, Gaol, or other Mason Work, shall be lodged Fittcen Days at the lead before the Commission Day of each Affixes, with the acting Secretary of the Grand Jury, whoic belt by required to keep an Office open for the Purpose, in the Manner pnfenbed by the aforesaid Act of the Thirty-sixth of His present Majesty, and such Secretary shall forthwith after the Receipt thereof, (provided he shall be ordered by the Grand Jury at the previous Affixes so to do) cause Copies of the Schedules of such Affidavits to be p'inttd and ready for Delivery at his Office, Three clear Days before each Affizts, to such Magittratci and Overfrers of Roads, or other publick Works, as may apply for the fame, provided that the Number so to be printed shall not exceed Twenty-five for each Barony or Half Barony, and Twenty-five for each County of a City, or County of a Town*

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Grand Juries of Counties, Counties of Cities, or Counties of Towns, shall at each Assizes or Presenting Term, present such Sum as shall be necessary for defraying the printing of the Schedules of the Affidavits as aforesaid: Provided always, that an Affidavit of the Printer dating his Charge to be usual and reasonable, be first laid before the Grand Juries, and that no such Presentment for the printing of such Copies shall be made, unless they are ready for Delivery at the Secretary's Office Three clear Days before eath Assizes as aforesaid*

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the Crown for every County, County of a City, and County of a Town in Ireland, shall within Twenty-one Days after every Assizes or Presenting Term, dehtcr to the Treasurer of such County, County of a City, or County of a Town (in addition to the Copies of the Preferments which be is by the said recited Act of the Thirty-sixth Year aforesaid required to deliver) an sccuntt Copy, signed by himself, of the Queries which remained unaccounted for at such Assizes; and such Treasurer or Grand Jury Secretary, or Chief Clerk, as the Grand Jury shall think fit, shall forthwith after the Receipt thereof, cause a Number of Copies of such Preferments and such Quere Book to be printed and distributed to the Magift rates and principal Overseers, not exceeding Twenty-five for each Barony or Half Barony, sod not exceeding Twenty-five for each County of a City or County of a Town; and the Grand Juries of such Counties, Counties of Cities, and Counties of Towns, shall at the Assizes or Presenting Terra next following, present to be levied off the County, County of a City, or County of a Town, such Sum as shall be necessary for defraying the Expence of printing and distributing such Copies: Provided atways, that so Affidavit of the Printer, dating his Charge to be usual and reasonable, be first laid before such Grand Jury; and that no such Presentment for the printing and distributing of such Copies as aforesaid shaft be made unless the printed Copies of such preceding Presentments and Queries shall have been printed and distributed within Six Weeks after such preceding Assizes or Presenting Term*

XXX*And, for the Safety and Convenience of Passengers and Travellers upon the Publick snd other Roads, and in the Streets of Towns in Ireland/ Be it enacted, That from and after the First Day of January so the Year One thousand eight hundred and ten, all Drivers of Waggons, Carts, Cars, Coaches, Chanotc, Curricles, Gigs, Chairs, and of every Kind and Species of Carriages, and all Persons riding on Horseback, or driving any Animals# other with or without Burdens, on any Road, or in the Street of any City or Town ia

S Irtlmdt

A.D. 1809.

49° GEORGII III.

0.84, 85, 86. 76r

St

2i:

tfc

fir':

'js»

am

as

rfl-

itr.

ips*

Jt2&

A

ot*

J

Half to the Informer anti Halt to Para liial Ciiarity.

Copies of all PrelVntmoiH* shall he yearly ftmarried l»y 'J real'ur« r t<» ihc C hies Secretary of lord Lien*erant, to be Lid before Parliament.

Ireland, shall be obliged and they are hereby required to keep their Left Hand Side of the Road or Street in of the Poad, it) going and coming or travelling thereon, and shall leave the other Side free to all other Drivers of such Carriages alleafcsashcm* or Animals, or such Travellers; and all Drivers of Carriages or Animals, and Travellers of every Description, fp^died. who shall have Occasion to pafa by the Drivers of other Carriages or Animals, or Travellers of any Descri prior, going in the fame Direction, shall in all Cases where it is prgfticable, take and go on the Right Hand of the Driver or Traveller by whom they shall so have Occasion to pass; and if any Person shall wilfully refuse or neghft OnVndermaY h« to drive and pass in Manner and according to the Regulations aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for any apprehended and Magistrate. Constable, Canfervator, or Turnpike keeper to it-ip and detain such Offender, and the Carriage and <l'*'l foritii to*. Horse or Horses or other Bead on or with which such Offender shall be, and forthwith to carry or convey such &c.

Offender before any Justice of the Peace for the County, County of a City, or County of a Town where such Offence shall be committed, or for any Person whatsoeverto lodge an Information against such Offender before such Magistrate, and upon his being convi6led thereof upon the Oath of One credible Witness, every such Person so offending shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender, or by Distress and Sale of the Carriage or Horse or Horses or other Beasts, and the Goods therein or thereon wherewith such Offender shall have been travelling at the Time of such Offence, such Dill refs to be made by Warrant under the Hand and Sralof such Justice, rendering the Overplus (if any) after dednfting the said Fine and the Expences of such Distress and Sale to the Owners or Owner on Demand;

One HiU of the Amount of the Penalties so levied to be paid to the Informer, and the remaining Half to the Minister or Curate of the Parish in which such Offence shall be committed, for the Use of the Poor of such Parish; and if Distress sufficient for such Penalty or Penalties shall not have been seized or found, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice, and he 13 hereby empowered and required to commit such Offender so convicted to the Common Gast, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month, unless such Offender shall sooner pay and satisfy the said Penalty or Penalties; and every Person offending as aforesaid shall JikewiL be liable to pay and satisfy all Damages which shall happen in confluence of any such Neglect or Default as aforesaid.

XXXI.*And. for the procuring Returns to be made annually to Parliament of all Preferments made by Grand Juries in Ireland, Be it enrdled, That the Treasurer of every County, County of a City, and County of a Town or Place in Ireland, shall on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of December in each and every Year, cause a true Copy, signed by himself, of all Preferments which shall have been made by the Grand Jury, and Bated by the Court at any Affixes or Presenting Term in such Year on the County, County of a City or Town or Place whereof he is Treasurer, to be forwarded to the proper Officer in His Majesty's Castle of Dublin, to be from thence transmitted so soon as may be to be laid before Parliament; and in case any Treasurer of any County,

County of a C'ty, or a Town or Place in Ireland, shall neglect to make such Return as aforesaid, he shall forfeit his Office, and he for ever after incapable of acting as Treasurer of any County, County of a City, or County of a Town or Place in Ireland.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend or be construed to extend to the County of Dublin-, except so far as relates to the obliging of Trustees, Overseers, Commissioners or Diricltrs extend u> Duff, 'a of Turnpike Roads to ere 61 Mile S'ones, Mile Polls and Finger PolL, and except so far as relates to the Treasurer («>tn»tyf except making Returns to Parliament annually of all Presentments made and fiated by the Court; any Thing in the §$ 14.31.

Lid Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIII. And be it fmther enact d, That all the Powers, Provisions, Rules and Regulations of the said recited Act of the Thirty-sixth Year aforesaid, (h all be extended to this present Act; and that this Act and the Lid rcc'ted Act, so far as the said recited Act is not repealed or altered by this Act, rr by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, shall be construed togethcras one Act, to all Intents and Purposes.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall take Etfecl from and after the First Day of January in the Year O le thoul'and ei^rh t hundred and ten, 2nd not at any earlier Period; any Thing in trie said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LXXXV.

An Act for defraying, until tire Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland; for holding Courts Martial on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, for Offences committed during the 'Time such Militia thall not be embodied; and for making Allowances in certain Cases ro Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace. [ 10th June 1800.]

[See 4.; G. 3. c. 88. to which this Act is similar, mutatis mutandis. J

CAP. LXXXVI.

An Act to make Provision, in certain Cases, for the Wives and Families of bnKotted Men, Snhffirutes, and Volunteers, serving in the Militia of Ireland.

[10th June jScq.J

WHEREAS it is expedient to make some ProriJion for the Families of Seriesn's, Corporals, Dnimnu:,

?.r»d Privates serving in the Militia of Ireland, when called out into sftual Service; and the Law* at present in force are inefficient for the Purpose p Be it therefore enacted by the King's moll Excrilent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Commencement of this present Act, an Act made in the Forty-third Year of pnrfrnt Majesty's Reign, intituled, An A Li to make Pr wifi ok

Provisions of recited Act at* (i. c. 55. extended 10 this Acb ^2 1. Commencement ot ihc Act.

49 Geo. III.

40 G. t.e. 142.

44 G. 3. c. 34. repealed, except a* to A<9s done mnder them.

Allowances to

the l-Vn'd-es of Milrt; Men man hed our of their ( oimties, on Ortifirate of Comma luting Oliver,

Allowance

payable only for Wife and Two Children, or Is. in the Whole. Famines of Suhllitutes marrying without Content of Oihccn not tntnled to Relief.

T»n> Justice*, on

Freni urTun of Certificate, mav order Allowance V) be paid.

S'w-h Orders of Justices shall he Trntwed every Three Months.

in certain Cases for tie Wives and Families of Militia Men, Substitutes, and Volunteers, frying in the Militia of Ireland; and also an Act made in the Forty-fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to amend the said recited Act of the Forty.third Year, shall be and the same are hereby repealed, fate so far as the fame or either of them repeal orreptala any former Act of Parliament, or any Charge, Matter, or Thing therein: and also fare-as to the Payment and Allowance on account of any Sum or Sums of Money which shall have become due before the said Time under or by virtue of the said Acts or either of them, and the obtaining the proper and necessary Voucher for receiving or vouching any such Payment; and also save as to any Offence which shall or may before that Time have been committed aerainst the said Acts or either of them. and any Proceeding to be taken for the Punishment of the Offender or Offenders, or the recovering or levying any Penalty for or by reason of any such Offence; and also save as to any Allowance to any Father, Mother, Brothers, or Sifters of any Mchtia Man who shall he ferviiiir in the said Militia at the Time of the passing of this Act, and which Allowance shall continue to he paid under the Provisions of the said recited Acts; and also save as herern-nfter mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Militia of any County, City, or Place in Ireland, shall be embodied and called out into actual Service, and any Man serving or enrolled therein as a Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer, or as a ballotted Man, Substitute, or Volunteer, shall have left a Family less able in conference of his Absence to support themselves, and the Colonel or other Commanding Officer shall give a Certificate in Writing in the Manner and Form herein after contained and set forth, which shall be countersigned by the Adjutant of such Regiment or Battalion, then and in such Case every such Militia Man's Family, the Requisite* herein after men'ioned being first duly performed, shall be entitled to and shall receive during his Absence on actual Service the Weekly Allowance following, (that is to say), after the Rate of One Shilling for every Child born in Wedlock, and under the Age of Ten Years, not exceeding the Numbers herein after mentioned respectively; and of Two Shillings for the Wife of such Man, if he shall be a bafto'ted Man; and of One Shilling for the Wife of any such Min who shall not be a ballotted Man; the said Allowance to the Wife io either of the said Cases to be paid whether such Man shall or shall not have any Chi d or Children, provided (lie does not follow the Regiment; and the Form of the aforesaid Certificate shall be as follows:

T Colonel [or Commanding Officer, as the Case may he] of the

4 M'litia, do h-reby certify* That A.B. a Serjeant [Cmporal, Drummer, or Private, ballotted Man,

Substitute, or Volunteer, as the Case may be'] in the said Militia, was called out into actual Service, and did;

on the Day of march from and is now absent on Service from the said County [Town, City, or Place, as the Cnf may he] and that lie hath declared to me that his Family

resides at and consists of and that by his Absence they are rendered less able to support themselves; and I do certify that the said A*B, never deserted from the said Militia, '

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Wife of any Militia Man so ordered on actual Service shall not be entitled to theaforefud Weekly Allowance of One Shilling for each Child, for more than Two Children; and in case there shall be no Wife of such Mibtia Man living, the Weekly Allowance to the Children of such Mditia Mm shall not exceed the Sum of Four Sellings in the Whole.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Allowance under this Act shall be given or ordered to be given to the Family of any SubfVtute or Volunteer who shall have married after the Time of his being calbd out into aftusl Serrice, unless such Marriage shall have taken place with the Confect of the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the R- gi-nent, Battalion, or C rps to which such Man shall belong, and that such Conftnt shall have been certified ui der the Hand of such Colonel or other Commanding Officer, and no Inch Certificate as aforesaid shall be granted to any such Substitute or Volunteer who shall have (o married while on actual Service without such Consent first had and obtained as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful fer any Two Justices of the Peace sfting in and for the B irony or Half Barony. Town, City, or Place in which the said FaT.fty shall rtfide, on the Production of any such Certificate, to inquire into the C'rc\: mftanc<"S ov ihe Family of the Militia Man to whom such Certificate shaft have been granted, whether they relidt in the P.«rifii or Place mentioned in the Declaration of such Militia Man; and if on tuch It quay they shall find that such F; miiy do so rtfide, and if such Jullicts Hull be of Opinion that frch F.-mi y is IcU able to support itftlf in corftquence of the Absence of such Militia Min, they Hull then mc'orfe fuel) their Opinion in Writing under their Hards, on the B-ick of the said Certificate, with the Ikve of the Month and Year, and (had subjr.n thereto ail Order, requiring that the ftvvral Ad vances herrin mentioned, altrr the Rate nfortsaid, shall be paid to such Family, specif\ir g in such Order the Names and Acts of each Person of the said Family entitled to receive the same; and such Cmifica'cs, with the Opinh as and Ordtra of such Justices 'hereon, ill? 1 be forthwith deposited by the Person or Persons fec-king Benefit thereby, or(axeof them, cr lo.ne Person or Ptrforison their, h: v, or h^r Behalf, with the Collecctor of the publick Geo. ra such Barony or Hail B irony, or the Treasurer of such City or Town.

VI. And be it further enachd, That at the Expiration of Thr e Calendar Months next after the Date of ary such Order of lu h Just.-os, Application (hah be made by such Baronial Collector or Treaftircr to the Julhcti who (hrl. have made loch Order, or to any other Two Justices of the Peace aftintr in af d for such Barony or Half Birony; and on Production of th° o iginal Certificate afunDid, and of the Otter so first made thereon, it shall be lawful for such Justices to make a (reih Irq-iiry into the C'rcumftar.ces of such Family; aid if tu: tv C'.rcnmftaiiccs are not altered, such Justices shall on the Back of such original Certificate, and at the Foct of such First Order, sign their Names in AlTn m?.nce aid Renewal of the fame, with the Date of the Month and Year; or if it shall be made appear to such Justices that the Cii cun. fiances of such Family are any Way altered, such Justices shall make a new Order for such Allowance as aforesaid, specifying the Names acd Apes ot each Person of such Family entitled to the fame at the Time of such Order; and so after the Expiration of every Three Calendar Mouthe a like Inquiry and Order shall from Time to Tune, be made asd renewed or altered by

Two

4.9* GEORGII III.

C. 86.

J6S

Two Justices of such Barony or Half Barony, so long as any such Allowance shall be made on Behalf of such

Family,

VII. And be it further enacted, That every such Baronial Collector or Treasurer shall, from Time to Time, Baronial CoI-within Three Days after any such Order or Orders shall be made by Inch Justices, prepare and sign an Ab(lr«cl lector, &c. Ai^tl of every such Order, and Hull forthwith deliver or ftnd such Abfiract duly dated by him to the Collector of His \hilra5l dicnif Majesty's Excise for the Didrid in which such Barony, Half Barony, Town, or City shall be situate, together with t*0 Collector ut every such Certificate and Order thereupon; and inch Ccllc&or of Excise having compared such Abfira£l with Kadie, who flwU

t mimrili^n due Order, atui isle the Aldlradh

Baronial Colic '.for shall pay Allowances accordingly.

AllowstJct'ji shall be pud Y\ cekly.

Allofranres shall be repaid Quarterly by Colice-tors ol Eacife.

such Order shall, if the fame shall agree therewith, countersign every such Order, and forthwith reltore die fame to such Baroniai Coile&or or Treasurer, or to the Person by whom the fame was sent, and shall then courtcrlign and file such Abllraii, and shall keep the same as a Voucher for his future Payments in Manner herein after nun-tinned.

VIII. And be it ena£Wd, That every such Baronial Collector or Treasurer, on obtaining any such Order so countersigned by such Collector of Excise, shall from Time to Time pay the several Allowances mentioned in such Order to such Family, save a? herein after mentioned, until the Expiration of Three Calendar Months uext after the Date of such Ord: r, except in the Cases herein after mentioned.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Allowances under and by virtue of this Act shall be claimed and paid weekly; and that no Wife of ary such Militia Man, nor any other Person on Behalf of such Wife, or of the Family of any such Militia Man, shall be entitled to receive at any one Time more than Two Weeks Arrears of any Allowance to such Wife and Family-under or by virtue of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That every such Weekly Allowance to be paid under this Act by such Baronial Collector or Treasurer rtlp: 6tively to the Family of any Militia Man, shall be repaid Quarterly to such Baronial ColUdlor and Treasurer respectively by the Collector of His Majesty's Excise for the Distndl in which such Barony, Town, or City shall be situate out of any publick Money in his Hands; and the Sums so paid by such Collrdlor of Excise shall be allowed to him in his Accounts, on such Coile&or of Excise producing the Receipts of such Piaronial ColUdl >r or Treasurer resp, dl: vcly for the fame, and also producing the several othei Documents by this Act required to be kept by him.

XL. Provided always, a^.d be it enacted, That if such Baronial Collector or Treasurer shall not at the Time ffBaronial Col-when any Application shall be made to him to pay any Allowances under this Act, have in his Hands sufficient le^or, &c. has Money for Payment of the fame, such Collector or Treasurer shall and may and is hereby required from Time to !*!>l 'Y°, nC<vu Time as OccalTon shall nquire, to certify the same to the Collector of the Excise for the DHridt, and it shall v*c* !lme*to thereupon be lawful for the said Collector of the Excise, and he is hereby authorized and required to remit or pay C'htAor of Ex-out of such publick Monies as may be in his Elands, to the said Baronial Collrdtor or Treasurer respectively, at rife, who Ml lead Once in every Month, a Sinn sufficient to satisfy and pay the Monthly Amount of the Sums which shall thereupon pay then be payable under and by virtue of the several Abstracts which shall then be in his Possession under the Pro- Allo'Vttncr5i* visions of this Act.

XII. And be it further enr.dlt d. That every such Baronial Collector shall transmit to the Clerk of the Peace Abstract of all of the County, Town, '"or C'ty within which the Barony for which he is Collector shall be situate, and the Trea- Orders shall be surer of any Town or City shall transmit to the Clerk of the Peace there. Three Days previous to tach Quarter Sifibns, an Abtlradl of all Orders which he shall have received as aforesaid lir.ee the last preceding Quarter Sd-fions, to be by the said Cicrk of the Peace laid b-.so-re the Justices at such SdTi >ns, ?.rd it shall be lawful for the Justices there to set aside or alter any such Order of any such Justices, which upon due Inquiry in open Court upon O : th shall appear to have been fraudulently obtained, or not to be warranted by tins Act; and in any such Case, such Julliccsat such SdTi ms shall make an Order that such Baronial Collector or Treasurer fh-dl bring in or cause to be brought in the Order of such Ju(Tices, and deliver the same to the Clerk of the Peace for such County, C ty, Town, or Place; and such Collector or Trealm er (hdl, within Sr veil Days after the Service of fuc Order on him, bring in and deliver, or cause to be brought in and delivered, the said Order of such Justices accordingly, to such Clerk of the Peace, who shall then caned the said Order, if the lame shall be wholly set aside, or if the same shall be altered, he shall write under the fame a Copy of the Older for altering the fame, and shall in that Case reltore the lame to such Baronial Collector or Treasurer, who (h ill proceed thereupon, and the fame fh til be counltrsigned in the same Manner in all Respcdts as i? hcrem-bt fore d redled with respect to any such Order.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if such Baronial Collector or Treasurer respectively shall have Reason to btlitve or shall receive Notice from the Co.ledlor of Excise of the Ditlrict, that he Iia9 Reafoti to believe that by the Death of any of the Family of any Militia Man, or by any other Circumstanee, the Allowance to Inch Family ought to be flopped or lcfiei.cd in Amount, then and in either of such Cases it fh-dl be lawful for such IWonial Collector or Treasurer, and he is hereby required to Hop or lelTcn such Allowance accordingly, until Two JnlTices of the Peace (halt direct him otherwise by Writing under their Hands and Seals.

XIV. Provided also, and be it flirt her enacted, That no Allowance shall be ordered or paid under this Act to the Wife or Family of any Person frrving in the Militia for any longei Period than such Person shall continue to serve ard remain embodied in adiual Service; nor in any Case in which the Wife, in resptcl of or by whom any such Relief is demanded, shall follow the Regiment, Battalion, or Co: ps in which her Husband shall serve.

XV. And, in order to prevent Frauds in any of the Matter* aforesaid, ' be it enacted, That the Adjutant of

every Regiment or Battalion of Militia shall keep a Regifier of all Certificates which shall from Time to Time be granted by the Colonel or other Commanding Officer as aforesaid.

XVI. And be it further rnacled, That every Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer, and Private, to whom such Certificate shall have been given, shall on some Day between the Seventeenth and Twenty-fourth Day of every Month, deliver or cause to be delivered to the Adjutant of his Regiment, or to the Person acting as such, a Return in Writing subscribed by himself cither with his Name or Mark, and dating whether, fmee the obtaining such Cer-^M to u tificatcor since his last Return, any, and if any, then how many, and which of his Family, and of what Ages Sute^fthci

transiniued by ( < .Ilf*'or to the Clerk of th-iVice,n l Or-d' n may be o.'.n-r riled or vurirrl by the Seilhuu.

Baruilal Collector ilia.ll th*p Allowance in case of Death, Ike.

5 Fa

AlluwAnre shall continue only during the Service ut .Mu.ii i» Mau.^Adjutant shall re^liter Certificates.

Militia Men ft all make Monthly Returns to A dpi-ants as to tivfc M

respectively, Vuuil>«.

764

Adjutant shall tuakff Monthly Hot urns to Colleger of Excise, of Promotions, Vacancies, &.C.

f)o11e<fU>rof Ex-eife shall acknowledge and note the Adjutant'* Returns, and trai limit them to the Baronial C ollector, &c.

In Default of receiving Monthly Returns and Quarterly Order ot Justices, the Allowances dull be Hopped.

Allowance shall paid according ao lit turns.

Certificates and Orders under former Acts, shall he proceeded tm as if made under tins Act.

Crand Juries fiu.il make lVe-fco tiuent* for ulledbir* Trouble.

Penalty on (Xhtrrs for Ncgictft, $oh

Penalty on Baronial Co!l*'£tor, &c. not paying Allowances, ol*

C. 86. 49° GEORGII III# A.D. 1809.

respectively, have or hath died, or have or hath received or become entitled to any and what Maintenance, Provision, or Property, and to what Amount, and whether his Wife, if he be married, follows the Regiment; and every Change that shall take place in any of the said 'Respects in the Family of any such Militia Man shall be noted by such Adjutant in his Register aforesaid, according to such Return, or according to the Truth, if the same shall have come to his Knowledge by any other Means.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Adjutant of every Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of the said Militia, shall within Seven Days after the Twenty-fourth Day of every Month during the Time the Militia to which he shall belong shall remain embodied or in actual Service, make a Return to each and every Collector of Excise within whose District the Family of any Militia Man in his Regiment entitled to any of the said Allow* ances shall relide, and shall in every such Return set forth a particular Lilt of such Promotions and Vacancies, and of such Deaths, Desertions, and other Casualties, if any, as may have occurred among such of the Militia Men of the said Regiment as shall have declared their Families to be resident within the DillriA of the CoilcAor to whom such Return is so made, and of all such Alterations as may have taken place in the Family of any of them in Manner herein-before mentioned; and if no such Promotion, Vacancy, Death, Desertion, Casualty, or Alteration shall have happened, then such Adjutant shall by such Return certify to that Effect.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That every such Collector of Excise (had immediately on the Receipt of ary such Return, transmit to every such Adjutant a written Acknowledgment of the Receipt thereof, specifying the Date thereof, and (tail forthwith enter at the Foot of each Abstract so filed by him as aforesaid, all new Matters respectively which shall be noted in such Return as aforesaid, and shall thereupon sign the said Return, and fend or deliver the same to the proper Baronial Collector or Treasurer as aforesaid, who shall also enter the said Mattrri at the Foot of the Orders made by Justice of Peace so kept by him respectively, and shall then sign the said Return, and return the same to the said Collector of Excise, who shall file the fame together with the Abttrish aforesaid.

XIX. And be it enacted, That from and after the First Day of every Month no Payment shall be made by any such Baronial Collector or Treasurer to the Family of any Militia Manuntdfuch R-turn as afort said for the preceding M >nth shall have been so received from the Adjutant of the Regiment to which such Militia Man shall belong, or the Person afling as such, and so sent or delivered to such Baronial ColltAor or Treasurer as afcrc-said; and that from and after the End of every Three Calendar Months from the Date of any Order of Two Justices as aforesaid, no Payment shall be made by any such Baronial Collector or Treasurer to the Family of any Militia Man until a new Order of Two Justict6 of the Peace shall have been received by such Baronial ColicAor or Treasurer in Manner aforesaid.

XX. And be it further enacted, That when any such Entry shall be duly made at the Foot of any such Order or Abstract, or any Alteration shall be made in any such Order, then and from thenceforth such weekly Sum, and no other, shall be paid and payable to the Family therein mentioned, a* would have been payable to the said Family by the Provisions of this Act if an Order for Payment had been made and given by Two justices, according to the Circumstances of such Family at the Time of making such Entry or Alteration.

XXI. Provided always, and be it eua&ed, That all Certificates granted under the said recited Acts of the Forty-third and Forty-fourth Years of His Majesty's Reign, and all Orders made by any Justices thereon in Manner provided by the said Acts or either of them, shall stand and be good, valid, and effectual as if made under this Act; and that the several Baronial Collectors and Treasurerg with whom the said Certificates and Orders shall have been depofued, or who now have the Custody thereof respectively, shall immediately after the Commrner-ment of this A A. fend the fame, together with Abstracts thereof, to the Collt&ora of Excite of their rtfptChve Dillricl6 in Manner herein-before mentioned, and as if the fame had been granted and made under this Act; a^d all fui ther and subsequent Proceedings shall be taken thereon, and all Sums which shall afterwards become due thereunder shall be paid in the same Manner in all Refpr&s and subject to all the fame Restrictions, Conditions, Rules, Regulations, and Provisions as are herein contained, in the same Manner in all Respects as if the fame had been granted and made respectively under this Act and not otherwise.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in order to recompense the said Baronial ColltAors, Treasur^rsof Counties or Cnies, for the Trouble and Expence which they may severally incur by virtue of this Act.it shall be lawful for the Grand Jury of each County, Town, or City, at each Assizes, and for the Grand Juries of the County of Dublin, and County of the City of Dublin, at each Presenting Term, to present any Sums they shall think r^afonuble to be raised off the County at large, to be applied and paid a* such Grand Juries shall dried, to the said rc(pc£tive Collectors ard Treasurers, over and above all Sums or Allowances to which the\ or aryofthrnv are or may be entitled by virtue of any other Law or Laws then in force, as a Ri ward (or ituir Trouble and Expence in carrying the Provisions of this Act into Execution: Provided always, that Inch Grand Jury shall be fathtnd by the O ithsof such CoHc&ors and Treasurers resptclively, or otherwise, that such Collectors and Trca* furtrs have duly pan] the several AH 'wances to the Families of Militia Men, in Manner directed by this Act.

XXII L Ard be it further enacted, That if any Collector of a Baronial Ceft, Treasurer, Clerk of the Peace, Officer of the Peace, or Collector of Exciser shall wilfully neglect or refuse to carry the Provisions of this Act or any of them into Execution, and shall be thereof convicted by Preferment or Indictment at the Assizes, or, if in the County or City of Dublin, in the Court of King's Bench, every such Person so offending shall be fined* at the Discretion of tiic^Court, any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if ary Collector of the Batooial Cefa, or Treasurer of a County or City, ftull on Demand duly made, refuse or negltdt to pay and satisfy any Sum or Sums of Money then payable to the Family at any Militia Man by virtue of this Act, every such Collector or Treasurer so refusing or neglect* ing to make such Payment, (hah for evciy such Neglect forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, to be recovered upon Conviction of the said Offender before any Just ice of the Peace for the County, City, or Place, where the Orfince shall be committed \ which said Justice is hereby authorized and required, upon Information exhibited; or Cor.

fba*

A.D. 1809.

'49 GEORGII III.

C. 86, 87. 765

plaint made by the Party aggrieved in that Behalf, to fumtnon the Party accused9 and to examine into the Matter of Fa&, and upon Proof thereof, on the Oath of one Witness, not being the Party entitled to receive such Sum or Sums of Money, to give Judgment for such Penalty, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, in case the same shall not be forthwith paid, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, causing the Overplus (if any), after deducing the Charges of such Di(lref6 and Sale, to be rendered to the Party, and the Penalty so adjudged shall be paid to the Use of the Party so aggrieved as aforesaid.

XXV. And be it enacted, That every such Conviction shall be in the Form here following, or in some other Form of Words of the fame Import 5 (that is to say);

J^E it remembered, That A.B. Collector of Cess in the Barony of in the County of

[or Treasurcrof the County of the Town of or County of the City of as the Case

may is convicted before me C.D. one of the Justices of the Peace for the said County, of not having paid

the Wcekty Allowance due on the Day of lait past, to the Family of

4 a Serjeant, [Corporal, Drummer, or Private, as the Case may le- actually serving in the Regiment

4 of Militia, although the fame was duly demanded of him on the Day of lad past. Witness

4 my Hand and Seal this Day of in the Year .*

And every such Conviction on the said or any other Form of the fame Import shall be good and sufficient in Law* 44 Act may be altered this Session. §26* Commencement of Act One Month after passing. §27.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia and Local Militia in Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and nine.

[10th June 1809.]

WHEREAS it is necessary that Provision should be made for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Regular Militia (when disembodied) and Local Militia in Great Britain, for One Year from the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and eight* Be it thtrefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in every County, Riding, or Place in England^ and in every County, Stewartry, City, or Place in Scotland, where the Regular Militia or Local Militia is or shall be raised, the Secretary at War for the Time being is htreby authorized and empowered, and required to cause to be issued and paid the whole Gum required for the Regular Militia (when disembodied) and Local Militia respectively, in the Manner and for the several Uses herein after mentioned; (that is to lay), for the Pay of the said Regular Militia or Local Militia at the Rate of Eight Shillings a Day for each Adjutant, where an Adjutant is appointed; and at the Rate of Five Shillings a Day for each Quarter*Matter, where a Quarter-Master is appointed; and at the Rate of One Shilling and Sixpence a Day for each Serjeant resident at the Head Quarters of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, wfith the Addition of Two Shillings and Sixpence a Week for each Serjeant-Major, where a Serjeant-Major is appointed; and at the Rate ot One Shilling and Two-per.ce a Day for each Corporal so resident as aforesaid; and at the Rate of One Shilling a Day for each Drummer so resident as aforesaid, with the Addition of Sixpence a Day for each Drum-Myjor, where a Drum-Major is appointed; and also at the Rate of Four-pence Man for each Private Man and Drummer, for defraying the contingent Expences of each Regiment, Battalion, or Corps; and also for the Clothing of the Regular Militia (when disembodied) or Local Militia for such County, Riding, Stewartry, City, or Place, at the Rate of Four Pounds Ten Shillings for each Serjeant-Major, Two Pounds for each Corporal, Four Pounds One Shilling and Nine-pence for each Drum-Major, Three Pounds One Shilling and Nine-pence for each Drummer, and One Pound Nineteen Shillings and Sixpence for each Private Man; and that such Serjeant-Majora, Drum-Majors, Corporal?, and Drummers who may be retained on conlLnt Pay, and resident at Head-Quarters, shall be clothed Once in Two Years; Provided always, that when any Serjeant, Corpora), or Drummer shall be absent on Furlough or Licence, such Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer shall, during such Absence, receive Pay at the following Rates indead of those above-mentioned; (that is to fa\ ), every Serjeant the Sum of One Shilling a Day, every Corporal the Sum of Eight-pence per Day, and evrry Drummer the Sum of Sixpence per Day respectively, and no more; and it shall be lawful for the Secretary at VIar to cauie any such Pay to be from Time to Time issued in Advance, for any Period not exceeding Four Months from the Time for which such Advances shall be made.

II. And it further enacted, That there shall be granted to the Surgeon of each Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Regular Militia when disembodied, and Local Militia, a Sum ot Money in addition to his Pay, after the Rate of One Guinea for every One hundred Mm of each such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, for the Expence of necessary Medicines for the sick, Non-commiAtoned Officers, Drummers, and Private Men of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps during the Period or Periods of Assembly for annual Exereifc or Training; and Sixpence

per Month for each of the Non-commissioned Officers and Drummers of any such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps on conilant Pay at Head-Quarters, for the Expence of nectlTary Medicines and Attendance given to the Non-com miffijned Officers and Drummers on conflart Pay at Htad-Quarters, while such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps is not called out for annual Training and Exercise

III. And be it further enacted, That the Quarter-Master or Battalion-Clerk to each Regiment, Battalion, or Corps cf Militia, or I-ocal Militia, shall have the Charge and Care of the Aims, Accoutrement, Clothing, Necessaries, and other Stores, under the Sr.perintendance of the Colonel or Commandant; and shall, out of the Money hereby directed to be issued and paid for defraying the contingent Expence of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, from Time to Time issue out and pay such Sums of Money as may be necessary for the Repair of Arms, upon an Order in Writing signed by the Colonel or other Commandant, and after Payment of such Sums as shall be drawn upon him by the Colonel or other Commandant a aforesaid, he shall Three Time in the Year make up. Accounts of all such Money, and the Expenditure thereof, and the Balance remaining in his Hands;

Form of Cim-riftion fox fu.ll Offence.

Secretary at War shall issue die Sum necessary fur the Pay of the Regular and Local Militia, according to tlift Rates herein mentioned.

Rates of P.i) tm ivTjrants, Corporals, and

Drummers when abseni ot# I urlough.

Allowance t Surreuus.

Quarter-Mafia* or Battalit 11-Clerk shall luive the Char e of Arms, Clothing, Rc. and account luce Tunes a Year f >r m.tin-gem ?* looey issued to lffm»

j66

'Bahru* shall form a St< -t k 1'uriV for the liniment, &c.

Pay to Militia

(whrMi V.Ot m bodiedi shall only during flit* Periodvlu*n rail* <1 out for annual ('heretic or Training, &c. A'l Money ft'ill hr i'Vu' t\ mi i« r Direct ion> of the Secretary At War.

49 G. 3. C. 37.

A'l G. 3. c. 90.

amr Rates shall he paid to 1 tinker j»t rs f, »r h llftit'a the

'Militia a. fire ajfowrd fir the

T'utuU shall be provided I>y Secretary at War.

Persons on H.ilT-pay fervinu in the i.i>cal M.litia mav receive the Pay aUuvml l>y das Act.

But when mlxxlieil the Half-pay ftull raft.

M IkiiMen may mtinue to receive Lbelie* PeuGotu,

C. 87. 49° GEORGII III. A.D. 1809.

which said Balance shall form a Stock Purse for the Use of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, and transmiuhe

fame to the Colonel or other Commandant of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, to be by him examined, allowed, and signed; ard the said Account*, so allowed and signed, shall be and are hereby directed to be the proper Vouchers and Acquittal of such Quarter-Mailer or Battalion Clerk, for the Application and Disposal of such Money.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Officers and Non-commissioned OfHcers and private M?n of the Regular Militia and Local Militia, when oot drawn out and embodied, shall be entitled to the fame Pay and Allowance as the Regular Militia when drawn out and embodied: Provided always, that the said Pay and Allowances shall only extend to such Period or Periods for which the said Regular Militia or Local Militn Hull be called out for the Purpose of annual Exercise or Training, or when called out for suppresshg Riots or Tumults, exclusive of the Days of arriving at an I Departure from, and marching to and from the Place appointed for Exercise; any Thing in at y Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Sum of Money granttd for the Pay, Clothing, and contingent Expences for the Regular Militia (when disembodied), and Local Militia as aforesaid, shall be iflurd and paid under the Direction of the Secretary at War, who is hereby empowered to issue such Regulations as he may deem it expedient to adopt, from Time to Time, in that Behalf.

VI. 4 And whereas in pin fuance of an Act onfLd in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act fa incmfing the Rates of Suh/i/ience to hr paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers, certain incrcaicd Rate!

are allowed for the Payment of Innholders and others on whom Non-comnuifioneJ Officers and private Soldiers ' miy, by virtue of an Act passed also in the present Session of Parliament, for piinifliing Mutiny and Desertion,

and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, be quartered in that Part of the United Kingdom 1 of Great Britain and Ireland called England, the Dominion of IBales, and the Town of Berwick upon-Tweed:

' And whereas by an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of the R-tgn of His present Majesty, intituled, An act' Atl for amending the Laws relating to the Militia in England, and for augmenting the Midiia; the Officers, Non- commi ffniud Officers, Drummers, and private Men of the fam Militia, when called out to annual Exercise, 'arc required to be quartered and billetted in Inns, Livery Stables, Alehoufis, Victualling Houses, and all ' Houses of Persons felling Brandy, Strong Waters, Cyder, Wine, or Methe^lin by Retail; Be it enacted, That the Innholders and others on whom the said Non-commissi oned Officers, Drummers, and private M<n of the Regular Militia (when disembodied), or Local Militia ffi.ii be so quartered and billetted, shall be entitled to and nceive the fame Rates of Allowance for each Serjeant-M jor, Drum-Maj , r, Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer, and private M.in so quarttrednd billetted noon them, during the Time of their remaining assembled for Exercise as aforesaid, and under the same Rules and Regulations as such Innhoiders or others may now, by the above* mentioned Afd for the Relief of Innkeepers, demand and receive lor the Non comm fli- ned Officers, Drummers, and private Soldiers of the Regular Infantry, in the respective Cases of their furnishing them with D; ct and

5 nail Derr, or supp'yine them in lieu thereof with the Articles specffitd in the said Art for punishing Mutiny and DcLrtion; and the Secretary at War is hereby authorized and required to supply the nccettdry Funds to defray tke Charge of the Allowances so to be made to the said Innholders and other.": Provided always, that each of the Non-commissioned Officers, Drummer*, and private Men who shall be fnrmshed with Dirt ai d Small Beer as aforesaid, shall contribute towards the Expence thereof, the like Proportion of his Pay and Bier Money as is or ffia'l be contributed in the like Case by the Non-comnulTioned Officers, Drummers, and Soldiers of the Regu'ar Infantry.

VII. Provided always, and be it further en«£D<l, That any Person being on Naval o- Military Half-pay, or being entitled to any Allowance aa having letvrd in any of His Mnjt.ilv'* Forces, or Navy or Marines, and frrving in the Local Miitri, shall and may, and he is hereby empowered, to receive and fake the Sub fill cnee Money by this A A directed to b? paid to Field Officers, Captains, Lieutenants, Eufign*. Adjutants, Quarter-Matters, Surgeons; and the receiv; ng and tnk'ng any such Sublittc ncc-Money by any such Field Officer, Captain, Lieutenant, Eufign, Quarter Matter, Surgeon, llu.l not be deemed receiving or taking of Pay so as in any Manner to prevent such Person on Half-pay, or being entitled to any such Allowance, from receiving his Half-pav or such Allowance; and such Person shall take the following Oath before some Jutliceof the Peace, whoil hereby empowered to administtr the fame:

I A.B. do swear, that I had not between the and the

any Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty, besides my Allowance of Hilf*

Pay as a Reduced in Hi* Mqttty's Navy, [V, in the Marines], [or, in

1 late Regiment of ], cr> Allowance as in late

Troop of Horse Guards], [or, Regiment of Horse Reduced], save arid except my

' Subfititnce [as a Field Offi : er, Captain, Lieutenant, Enfigu, Adjutant, or Quarter-Matter, Surgeon, as the Case may for serving in the Local Militia of the County of

Aud the taking the said Oath shall be sufficient to entitle such Prfon to receive his Half-pay or the said Allowance, without taking any other Oath; any Law, Usage, or Culloin to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Regiment, B-ttahon, or Corps of Re^isis Mditia, or Local Militia, shall be drawn out and embodied, then and during such Time on y as such lit Id Offi 'er, Captain, Lieutenant, Enlign, Adjutant, Qjjarter-Matters Surgeon, entitled to any such Hvf-piv or Allowance as aforesaid, shall receive the full annual Fay of their resp c\ive Comnuffivjns or Situations in the Regular Militia or Local Militia, such Half pay and Allowances as aforesaid shall craic and determine.

IX. Provided always, and be it further coatled, That no Non commissioned Officer or private Man in the Regular Militia or Local Militia entitled to receive any Chef a Petitions or Allowance, shall forfi.it or lofc his Right to the fame by reason of his ftrving and receiving Pay in the Regular Militia or Local Militia.

e

A.D. 1809.

49° GEORGII III.

car- 76?

X. # And wherea* Persont appointed to act as Adjutants 10 the Regular Militia may by Age or Infirmity be rendered incapable of doing: the Duty thereof; and it is expedient that some Provision should be made for

them in consideration of their former Services; Be it enacted, That if any Adjutant of Regular Militia, who shall have Prved faithfully either in His Majesty's Regu'ar Forces or in the Regular Militia, for the full Term of Thirty Years in the Whole, Fifteen of which he shall have served as an Adjutant of Regular Militia, shall by Age or Infirmity be rendered unfit for further Service, he shall, on producing to the Receiver-General of the Land Tax for the County, Riding, or Place to which such Regular Militia shall belong if in England, or to the Receiver-General for Scotland if in Scotland, a Certificate of fufti Service of Thirty Years as aforesaid, from the Commanding Officers of the different Corps to which he shall have belonged, be entitled to receive, and the Receivers-Genera I aforesaid respectively shall be, and they are hereby authorized and required, to pay to such, Person producing such Certificate as aforesaid, an Allowance at the Rate of Six Shillings per Day: Provided always, that no Person shall be entitled to receive such Allowance as aforesaid, who fiiali have served for a less Term than Fifteen Years as an Adjutant of Regular Militia, or who shall hold any Oince or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty, except as Regimental or Battalion Clerk of any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Regular Militia.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Regiment, Battalion, Corps, or Indqpendant Company shall have already ceased and determined, or been reduced in its Efiabkfhimnt, or shall cease and determine, or be reduced in its Establishment, during the Continuance of this Act, the Sum of Three Shillings per Diem shall be paid to such Person as has actually served as Adjutant to such Regiment, Battalion, Corp9, or Independant Company, from the Twenty-fi/th Day of March One thonfnnd eight hundred and nine, or from the Time such Regiment, Battalion, Corps, or Independant Company shall cease and determine, or be reduced in its Ella* blishment, as the Case may be, to the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand tight hundred and ten.

XII. ' And whereas Persons appointed to act. as Surgeons in the Regular Militia may by Age or Infirmity

be rendered incapable of doing the Duty thereof, and it is expedient that some Provision should be made for

them in consideration of their former Services / Be it enacted, That if any Surgeon of Regular Militia, having faithfully served in the Militia for the full Term cf Thirty Years, shall by Age or Infirmity be rendered tonfit for further Service, he shall, on producing to the Receiver-General of the Lmd Tax for the County, Riding, or Place to which such Regular Militia shall belong if in England % or to the Receiver-General for Scotland if in Scotland, a Certificate of such Service of Thirty Years as aforesaid, fresh the Commanding Officers of the different Corps to which he shall have belonged, be entitled to receive, and the Receivers-General aforesaid vespectively shall be, and they are hereby authorized and required, to pay to such Person producing such Certificate as aforesaid, an Advance at the Rate of Three Shi-lings a Day: Provided always, That no Person shall be entitled to receive such Allowance as aforesaid, who shall hold any Office or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in every County, Riding, or Place in England, where the Regular Militia or Local Militia is or shall be raised, the Receiver or Receivers-General of the Land Tax for such County, Riding, or Place respectively, end in every County, Stewartry, City, or Place in Scotland, where the Regular Militia or Local Militia is or shall be raised, the RrCtiver-Gentral /or Scotland shall i/fiie and pay the whole Sums required for the respective Allowances to the Clerks of the General Meetings, and Clerks of the several Sub-division Meetings in England, st the Rates following; that is to far, to the Clerk of the General Meetings, at the Rate of Five Pounds Five Shillings for each Meeting; and to the several Clerks of the Sub-division Meetings, at the Rate of One Pound One Shilling for each Meeting; and such further Allowance finll he made to such respective General and Sub division Clerk*, for their Experces and Trouble in amending the Returns of Persons returned liable to serve in the Regular Militia or Local Militia, by taking out the Names of all Persons who may appeal, and whose Appeals or Claims of Exemption have bttn al-owrd, and inserting the Names of any Persons that shall have been omitted to be insertrd; and in numbering the Returns and making out the Tickets for the Ballot, after the Rate of One Pound F steen Shillings for every One thousand Names of Persons returned liable to ftrve; and also for the actual Expences incurred by such respective Clerks, and for Printing and Stationary ubd for the Purpose of this Act, as to the Lord Lieutenants or Deputy Lieutenants of the respective Counties, Ridings, Cities, or Places, (Ball appear reasonable and proper; and in case the Orders made by the Lord L entenants or Deputy Lieutenants for the Payment of such further Allowances as aforesaid, shall bt confirmed at a General Meeting confiding ofot)efs than Five Deputy Lieutenant0, but not otherwise.

XIV. And be it enacted, That the Receivers General in England shall pay to the Clerk of the General Meetings his Allowance, at the Rate of Fiv- Pounds and Five Shillings for each Meeting, or such further Allowance as may br made a6 herein before dirtft.d, upon his producing an Order or O/ders for that Purpose from His Mcjrfiy'fc Lieutenant, or from Three Deputy Lieutenants a/Temhlcdat some General Meeting or Meetings; and shall also p*y to each and every of the C'tik« of the Sub-division Meetings, their several Allowances at the Rate of One Pound and One Shilling for c*ch Meeting, or such further Allowance as may be made as hereinbefore directed* upon his or their producing an Order or Orders from One or more Deputy-Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, afTtmbled in the several Sub-division Meetings; which bid Order or Orders, speebying the Day or Days of Meeting, at what Place or Places and for vvi.at Purp; fe or Purposes the said General and Sub-division Meeting or Meetings have been alLmblrd and held, together with the Clerk's Receipt or Receipts for the Sums so claimed, shall be to the Receivers-General iu England respectively. a sufficient Discharge for the Payment of such Allowances, and be allowed in their Accounts; and that the several A'-lowances to Cleik9 of General and Sub-division Meetings, for their Trouble and Expences in the Execution of this Act in Scotland shall be paid and defrayed in the same Manner in which Schoolmasters, Constables, and other Persons employed* in the Execution of an Act, passed in the Forty-fecund Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, 4v.A8.tQ raise and establish q Militia Force in Scotland, arc directed to be paid for their Trouble and Expenres.

VjiOUV It

Allowance ter

Adjutants in the Regular Militia after; U>' Year* Service,

(1 r> thereof in the Militia, ts. per Bay--

Allowance Adjutants of reduced Regiments Ss. pet*

Day.

Allowance t* Surgeons afire'

U 0 Years Scrvioc^ 0*. p*i Day.

Heceirers-

G'tncml of the*-hand Tax shall' pay the Allow- ances to the Clerks of trie'Clemral itnd Sub-ilo ihoiXi Meetings-

Clerks /Kilt' produce ibe (JrdcT lor teething Payment*.

Stamp Duty

on C'ommissions in the I*oeal Militia shall be repaid.

Bills, See. for Pay, fee. exempt from Stamp Duty.

No Fees for Warrants.

Ttroovery of Penalties, &c.

W G. 3. c. 89.

recited and rc-pc.Vetl: Except §22. ref|ie£ting the Qualiluation and Appointment of Deputy-J.tcutenams for Bute and Sutherland. and $21. ai to SuHfKttutes not having more ifnn two Children.

Families of Militia Men in Scotland called cut into a< tual Service, fluid receive a weekly Allowance.

of Allow-wtiee shall hr. fx -d hv Julitccs at Michaelmas ^Cft artt rSep win*.

C.?7 — 90.' 49« GEORGII III. A.D. 1809.

XV. Provided alwtyt, mnd be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Agent»Genml of Volunteer! and Local Militia, and he is hereby required to re-pay any Sum of Money yrhich may have been paid for the Stamp Duty, on any Commission of any Officer in the Local Militia, under such Regulations, and in such Manner, as the Secretary at War shall appoint.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all Bills, Drafts, and Orders drawn for the Pay or Allowance of the Regular Militia (when disembodied), or Local Militia under this Act, may or shall be drawn upon undamped Pnp?r; and no such Bill, Draft, or Order shall be void, by heafon of being so drawn or written on undamped Pup'T.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Fee or Gratuity whatsoever shall be given or paid for or upon account of any Warrant or Sum of Money which shall be issued in relation to or in pursuance of this Act.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Penalties and Costa and Charges of Suit, and all Sunu of Money for which any Person or Persons is or are by this Act made answerable, may and shall be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Scotland, according as the Case may require, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Wager of Law, or Protection, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed*

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An A£fc for making Allowances In certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain % while disembodied. [loth June 09.]

Continuance of Act 25th of March iSxo. $ 10.

[/« all Respects the same as 48 G. 3. 51*!

CAP. LXXXIX.

An Act to revive and continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of Ad arch One Thousand eight hundred and ten, and amend so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of England, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament.

[10//; June 1809.]

[See 42 Geo. 3. c. 64. to which this Act isfmilar, mutatis mutandis.J

CAP. XC.

An Act for providing Relief for the Wives and Families of the Militia RIen in Scotland, when called into actual Service.

[10th June 18C9.J

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

Art AH for providing Relief for the Families of Militia Aim in Scotland, when aided into actual Service:

And whereas the said Act requiring to be amended, it is expedient to repeal the lame, in order that the whole Provisions for such Relief may be consolidatrd in one Act; may it therefore please Your Majesty that

it may be enacted And be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That after the Expiration of Two Calendar M intbs after the passing hereof, the said Act shall be and the fame i3 hereby repealed (excepting in so far as the fame relates to the Qualification and Appointment of Deputy Lieutenants for the Counties of Bute and Sutherland; and also excepting in so far as it prevents a Substitute from being received for any fcalbtted Man in the Militia of Scotland, which Substitute shall have more than Two lawful Children at the Time he shall be produced to be enrolled); and from and after the Expiration of such Two Months, wherever the said recited Act shall have been referred to in any Act or Acts of Parliament, this Act shall be deemed and taken to be the Act so referred to, in the same Manner as if this Act had been therein referred to.

II. And be it enacted, That if any Person serving or enrolled in the Militia of Scotland as a Non-commifluned Officer or Drummer, or as a ballotted Man or Substitute, hired Man or Volunteer respectively, Hull, when embodied and called out into actual Service, leave a Family unable to support themselves, the Fanny of every such Non-commissioned Officer, Drummer, ballotted Man, Substitute, hired Mm, or Volunteer rdpeclively, shalli receive in the Manner herein after directed a weekly Allowance, by the following Rule; that is^to say, a Sum nut exceeding the usual and ordinary Price of one Day's Labour in Husbandry within the County, Stewartry, Div.fion, Dill rift, Parish. or Place where such Family shall dwell, nor hfs than One Shilling for each am' every Child born in Wedlock, and under the Age of Ten Years; and for the Wife of such Non-comrriffioned Officer, Drumm r, ballotted Man, Substitute, hired Man, or Volunteer, whether he shall or shall no' have any Child or Children, a Sum not exceeding the Price of one Day's such Labour, nor left thin One Shilling.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace of any County or Stewartry, in Scotland, raising any Militia, assembled in Quarter Sessions, either upon the Day on which the irlicbaelmas Head Court is held, or on the Day on which the Commissioners of Supply meet to afL-ls the L<*nd Tax, and they are hereby directed to settle, ascertain, and regulate the Rate of Allowance to he under th a Act to the Families of Militia Men resident within such County, Stewartry, Divisirn, or riace, and every such Rate of Allowance so settled, ascertaiued, and regulated as aforesaid, shall be bindirg

VtjOO^IV-

769

A.D. 1809. 49° GEORGII III. C. 90.

0

upon all Justices of the Peace making any Order for the Payment of Allowances under this Act in such County, Stewartry, Division, or Place, until another or new Rate of Allowance fb-aLi be settled by them as aforesaid.

M Former Rate of Allowance continued till new Rate made. $ 4.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Allowance shall be ordered or paid under this Act to the Wife or Children of any Person serving in the Militia, until such Person shall have joined the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps to which he belongs, or for any longer Period than such Person shall continue to serve and remain embodied in actual Service; nor in any Case in which the Wife in respect of or by whom any such Relief 19 demanded shall be in the same Parish or Place wherein the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps in which her Husband shall serve shall be for the Time, or shall leave her Chi'd or Children (if any) or depart from her Home or Place of Residence specified in the Declaration herein after mentioned, unl-fs under Certificate of any neighbouring Justice of the Peace, or the Minister and One or more Members of the Kirk Srffion of the Parish in which such Relief shall be given, authorizing such Departure for a Time specified therein, not exceeding Ten Weeks, for the Purposes of Harvest, or obtaining by Work a better Support for her Family.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Allowance under this Act shall be given or ordered to be given to the Family of any Substitute, hired Man or Volunteer, who shall marry after and during the Time of his being called out into actual Service, unless such Marriage shall have taken place with the Consent of the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps to which such Militia Man shall belong, and such Consent shall have been certified under the Hand of such Colonel or other Commanding Officer previous to such Marriage.

VII. And be it enacted, That previous to the granting of any such Certificate, such Commanding Officer shall satisfy himself that every such Substitute, hired Man, or Volunteer, was not previously married; and every Commanding Officer granting such Certificate shall keep or cause to be kept, a Regiiler thereof, and of the Marriage, in the Manner appearing from Schedule (F.) hereunto annexed.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Wife, Child or Children of any Militia Man shall be entitled to any Allowance under this Act, unless such Militia Man shall make and sign a Declaration before the Commanding Officer of the Regiment to which he belongs according to the Schedule (A.) hereunto annexed, and unless such Commanding Officer shall certify that such a Declaration has been made before him according to the Form appearing from Schedule (B.) hereunto annexed, and unkfs such Commanding Officer shall transmit such Declaration and Certificate to the Clerk of Supply of the County or Stewartry wherein such Wife or Children reside, which he is hereby required to do.

IX. And be it enacted, That any such Declaration and Certificate shall remain in force for Six Months, and no longer.

X. And be it further enacted, That upon such Declaration and Certificate being transmitted to the Clerk of Si pply of the County or Stewartry where such Wife or Children reside, he shall enter the fame in a Regiiler to be kept of such Declarations and Certificates, in the Manner appearing from Schedule (G.) hereunto annexed, and such Clerk of Supply shall transmit every such Declaration and Certificate within Six Days after he shall have received the same to the Minister of the Parish wherein such Wife or Children reside; and any Clerk of Supply receiving any such Declaration and Certificate, and failing or reglefting to register and transmit the fame in the Manner herein directed, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pjunds for each Default, to be recovered with Expences or Colls of Suit, by a summary Complaint to be made to the Sheriff or Stewart-Dcpute of the County or Stewartry by any Person or Persons, One Half of which Penalty to be applied to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Half to be paid to the Person or Persons suing for the same.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Minister upon receiving such Declaration and Certificate, shall lay the fame before the Kirk Session, and the said Miniller and Kirk Session shall inquire into the Situation of the Family, and if upon such Inquiry it shall appear that they are unable to maintain themselves, such Minister and Kuk S.ffion shall thereupon sign a Certificate in the Terms appearing from the Schedule (C.) hereunto annexed, and shall transmit the same to some Commissioner of Supply refilling within the Parish, or in the Event of no Commissioner of Supply residing within the Parish, to some Heritor pofltfled of Land within the Parish to the Amount of at least Fifty Pounds of valued Rent, or some Person occupying Land within the Parish, and paying Rent of not less than Fifty Pounds Sterling per sfr: num; and in Cities or Towns Corporate, to one of the Magistrates thereof; and if such Comnrffioner or Heritor, or Person or Magistrate resptftivtly, shall be satisfied of such Inability, they, as well as such Miniller and Kirk Session, shall sign such Certificate.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if upon such Inquiry it shall appear that such Wife or Children may be enabled to maintain themselves with a smaller Allowance than the Rate hereby directed to be paid to such Wife or Children, such Minister and Kirk Session are hereby authorized to ascertain and specify the Amount of such smaller Allowance to be paid to such Wife or Children in such Certificate as a fore said, and every smaller Allowance, so ascertained and specified, shall be paid in the same Manner as if the fall Allowance authorized by this Act were to be paid to such Wife or Children,

XIII. And be it further enacted, That such Certificate shall remain hi force for Three Months imd no longer; and if at the Expiration of such Period the Wife or Children shall Hill be unable to support themselves, they shall again apply to the Minister, who shall again lay their Application before the Kirk Session, and such Minister and Kirk Session shall again inquire into such Inability, and if fneb Inability shall appear to continue, another Certificate shall be granted according to the Form and in the Manner before directed, and so at the

49 Geo. III. $ G*End

Allowance shall nor I. made until Militia Man shall havf joined hi* Coq>§.

Not to Family of any Swbtiitute, &c. marrying without (Jon!cnt of Commandiryj Otfccer.

Commanding OtVuers Hall rc-jjiftet Certish ate* of such Content, fcc.

No Family to he entitled to Allowance unlefj I Inf-hand uiAc* a Declaration*

To remain in

force only Six Months.

Declaration and Certificate shall be transmited t« Clerk of Supply

Miniller and Kiik So(fion shall enquire into State of the Family, and there-U|>on c; rant Of: tificate.

Smaller Allowance m^y Ik* fu| in oertaiu Case*.

Certificat* fhnJl be renewed everj Three Mouths

On Production of Certificate, Justices shall make an Order for Allowance.

To be in force for Three Montlis,

Order shall be tMnfraitted by Justice to Clerk of Supply, who flail transmit it to Collector of Ccfii.

Colle^or of Cess shall remil for Allowances to Kirk Treasurer.

Treasurer of Kirk Stifionfhafl pay upon an Order from the J uf tier, and tranl-mit Account to Clerk of Supply.

Certified Copie* oj A' C 'ums fl ail be tninfmi'tfd to Collector of the CwJ,

i

C. 90. 49° GEORGII IIl. A.D. 1809.

End of every Three Months as often as any such Application shall be made$ provided that a Return shall not have been made in the Manner herein after directed, of the Death, Desertion, Removal, or otherwise from the Regiment of any Militia Man, in Behalf of whose Wife or Children any such Application (hill have been made.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That upon the Production of such Certificate to a Justice of the Peace of the County or Stewartry where such Family resides, such Justice shall, if he be satisfied therewith, make as Order in the Form appearing from Schedule (D.) hereunto annexed, for the Payment of a weekly Allowaace, according to the Rate which shall have been settled by the Justices of the County or Stewartry as aforesaid, for each and every Child and the Wife named in such Certificate, or where a smaller Allowance shall appear to have been ascertained, and shall be specified in such Certificate, then for the Payment of such smaller Allowance.

XV. And be it further enacted, That every such Order shall remain in force for Three Months, and 00

ion err.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That every such Certificate upon which any such Older shall have been made shall forthwith he transmitted by the Justice of the Peace making the same to the Clerk of Supply of the Coun'y, Stewartry, City or Place in which such Families shall dwell, who shall record the fame, and Hull forthwith trar.smit Copies of so many of such Certificates as relate to Allowances to Families of Militia Men serving for any other County, Stewartry, City, or Place, to the Clerk of Supply of such other County, Stewartry. City, or Place, and shall also transmit the Originals of all Certificates transmitted to him by a Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, to the Collector of the Cess for his County or Stewartry, City or Place; and any Clerk of Supply f tiling or neglecting for the Space of Six Days after the Receipt of any such Certificates, to record and transmit Conies and the Originals thereof in the Manner herein directed, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for each Needed, to be recovered with Expences or Costs of Suit, in the same Manner that any Penalty ajainst Clerks of Supply is herein directed to be recovered. One Half of which Penalty to be applied to the Use of H13 Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Half to be paid to the Person or Persons suing lor the same.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for such Collector of the Cess, and he is hereby authoriz' d and required to remit or pay out of such publick Monies as may be in his Hands, to the Treasurer of the Kuk S flbn of each Parish, and where there shall be no such Treasurer, then to the Mintfter and Kirk Session of such Parish, at Icaft once in every Month, a Sum sufficient to satisfy and pay the Amount of the Allowances spectfied in such Certificates so transmitted to such Collector; and any Collector failing or neglecting to remit such Sum in the Manner herein directed, shall forfeit and pay a Sum equal to twice the Amount thereof, to be recovered with Expences or Costs of Suit, by a summary Complaint to be made to the Sheriff or Stewart-Depute of the County or Stewartry, by any Person or Persons, One Half of which Penalty shall be paid to the Kirk Treasurer, or to the Minister and Kirk Session where there is no Kirk Treasurer, to make good the Sum which ought to have been remitted to him or them by such Collector, and the other Half to be paid to the Person or Persons suing for the same.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Treasurer of the Kiik Session or Minister and Kirk Session, (as the Case may be, ) to whom such Sum shall be remitted, shall give a Receipt for the fame; and such weekly Allowances shall be paid by the Kirk Treasurer, or the Minister and Kirk Session, upon Production of the Order made by a Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, to the Persons entitled to receive the same, provided such Persons are actually residing in the Partfti where such Allowances are demanded at the Time, but not otherwise, unlessupon Permiffiju for a limited Time, and upon a Certificate thereof in the Manner herein-before directed, and Receipts shall be taken from the Persons to whom such Allowances shall be paid; and the said Kirk Treasurer, or Minister and Kirk Session, shall transmit an Account once in every Month to the Clerk of the Commissioners of Supply, to be by him preserved and kept, shewing the Monies received and paid pursuant to this Act, in which the Persons to whom the same shall be paid shall be specially described by Name, Age, Residence, and as the Wife or Children of the Militia Man, declared and certified in the Manner herein directed; and any Treasurer of the Kirk Session, or Minister and Kirk Session, to whom Money shall hare been remitted or paid as aforesaid, (as the Case may be, ) who shall refuse or delay to pay such weekly Allow, ances in the Manner herein directed, shall forfeit and pay a Sum equal to twice the Amount of each Sum so refused or delayed to be paid, or who shall fail or neglect to transmit an Account in the Manner hereby directed, (had forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for each Negied, to be recovered in a summary Manner, with Expences or Coils of Suit, upon Complaint made to any Justice of the Peace of the County or Stewartry in which such Treasurer, Minister, and Kirk Session reflde, by the Person or Persons to whom the famr ought to have been paid, or by the Clerk of Supply, to whom the fame ought to have been transmitted, One Half of which Penalty to be applied to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Half to be paid to the Person or Persons suing for the same.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That every Clerk of Supply receiving such Account, shall within Ten Days after the Receipt thereof fend a Copy 01 every such Account, certified by him to be a true Copy, to the Collector of the Cef3 of his County, Stewartry, City, or Place, and where any of the Allowancesappearing to have been paid by such Account shall have been made to the Family of any Militia Man serving for toy other County, Stewartry, City or Place, a Copy of so much of such Account, certified as aforesaid, shall within Ten Days after the Receipt thereof be transmitted by the Clerk of Supply, who shall have received the fame, to the Clerk of Supply of every County, Stewartry, City, or Place, for which any such Militia M»a shall be serving, who shall record the fame; and any Clerk of Supply failing or neglecting to transmit Accounts in the Manner hereby directed, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for each Default, to

7 be

A.D. 1809. 49 GEORGII III. C. 9o> 77*

be recovered by any Person suing for the fame, with Expences or Cods of Suit, in the Manner in which any other Penalty is directed to be recovered by this Act.

XX. And be it enacted, that in the Month of January in every Year, Accounts shall be flated by and Annnsl Acrounti

between the Collector of every County or Stewartry, with each Kirk Treasurer, or Mmifttr, and K«rk ftaicil by

Session, within his County or Stewartry, shewing the Amount of all Monies remitted or paid by such Collector 'he Collector, to such Kirk Treasurer9, or Ministers aid Kirk S (Hons respectively, in the Year preceding the First Day of the said Month of January in which such Account is dated, and also shewing the Allowances paid by such Kirk Treasurers or Minister? and Kirk Sessions for the Year preceding such First Day of January, and such Accounts shall be settled by such Collector with such Kirk Treasurers or Ministers and Kirk Sessions respectively, who shall thereupon deliver up to such Collector the Receipts taken for the Payment of such Allowances; and any Collector of the Ccfs failing or neglecting to settle or to get settled such Accounts in the Month of January in every Year as aforesaid, shall not be allowed to take Credit in his Accounts with the Receiver General for Scotland for any Monies remitted or paid by him under this Act.

XXI. And be it enacted, That every such Account shall on or before the Fifteenth Day of February in Accounts stall be every Year, be examined and compared with the Vouchers thereof by the Clerk of Supply of the County, examined by Stewartry, City, or Place, in which the same shall be made up, and shall thoeupon be dccquctted and Clerk of Supply, signed by him.

XXII. And be it enacted, That such Clerk of Supply shall make up from such Account, Accounts shewing Accounts of AI-the Allowances paid in his County, Stewartry, City, or Place, to Families residing therein of M 'itia Men lowanc* paid for serving for other Counties, Stewartries, Cities, or Places respectivtlr, and shall on or before the Twenty fifth

Day of February in every Year transmit such Accounts, ligntd by him, to the Clerks of Supply of such n^tted to them. Counties, Stewartries, Cities, or Places respectively; and any Clerk of Supply failing or neglecting to make up and transmit such Accounts to the Clerks of Supply of such Counties, Stewartries, Cities or Places, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for each Offence, to be recovered and applied in the same Manner as any other Penalty may be recovered and applied under this Act.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in the Month of March in every Year, an Account shall be made Accounts shall be up by the Clerk of Supply of every County, Stewartry, City, or Place, dating the Allowances paid previous dated by Clerk to the First Day of January preceding, to the Families of any Militia Men serving for such County, Stewartry, of Supply \ early. City, or Place, whether redding in such County, Stewartry, City, or Place, or in any other County, Stewartry. City, or Place.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That such Account may be examined by a Committee of the Commissioners AfiVflTinent shall

of Supply, from Time to Time to be appointed by them for that Purpose, and shall be Lid before the said bo made there-

Commissioners of Supply at the next Annual Meeting at which they assemble to assess the Land Tax, and at U1XJU#

such Meeting the said Commissioners of Supply shall make an Assessment equal to the Amount of the Allowances appearing from such Account to have been paid to the Families of Militia Men serving for such County,

Stewartry, City, or Place, in the following Manner; that is to say, upon Land according to the valued Rent

of the fame, and upon Houses according to the Rent or Yearly Value set on such Houses by the latest

Assessment of the House Tax, and in the following Proportions; videlicet, for every such Assessment to the Amount of One Shilling Sterling upon One hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, an Assessment shall be laid upon the Rent or Yearly Value of Houses so ascertained, at the Rate of One Penny Sterling in the Pound of furh Rent or Yearly Value, and so in proportion for any greater or less Sum. Houses not rated

XXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no such A(Tc(Tment shall be laid upon any House which to House Tax

shall not be rated for the House Tax. exempted.

XXVI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be affrffed in respect of his, her, No person Aiall or their House or Houses, and also in respect of hit, her, or their Lands in the same County or Stewartry, be aflVfied for but it shall be in the Power of the said Commissioners to lay such Assessment upon such Person or Persons, either both Housej and in respect of such House or Houses, or of such Lands, as to such Commissioners shall seem calculated to band, produce the highest Assessment.

XXVII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That for all Sums so assessed upon Land, the Proprietor shall OncHulfot'

have Relief againik the Tenant or Occupier thereof for One Half of such Assessment, and everr such Assess- Assessment shall ment upon Hous .s shall be paid by the Occupier or Occupiers thereof, who shall be entitled to deduct from his, )*' ?aul l, y her, or their R at One Half of every such Assessment so paid by such Occupier or Occupiers. uum*'

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That at the Time every such Affrffment is made, an Account in the Account of Pate Form in the Schedule (E.) hereunto annexed, shall be Hated, shewing the gross Amount of the Sums for ^dl! be made up. which it is nu de; and also the Rate at which it is to be levied upon the valued Rent of I.and and upon the

Rents of H uses, in the Manner directed by this Act, which Account shall be iigm-d by the Clcik of Supply, and by the Tracies of the Meeting of the Commissioners of Supply at which such Assessment is made, and the same shall b transmitted to the Collector of the Cess as his Authority for ltvyinsr such Assessment; and such Account so authenticated, shall, if required, be shewn by such Coilcftor to every Person paying his Proportion of fuh Assessment.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Commissioners of Supply shall omit, neglrft, or refuse On Failure of to make any such Assessment. according to the Directions of this Act, then the Clerk of Supply of such AUVUment

- County, Stewartry, City, or Place shall and be is hereby required, within Fourteen Day* after the Meeting at be lnad^io the which such Assessment ought to have been made, to certify to His Majesty's Attorney in Exchequer ia Scotland, Exchequer to such Neglect, Omission, or Refusal of such Commissioners, and the Names of such Commissioners, who shall compel fame, be present at such Meeting; and His Majesty's Attorney in Exchequer is hereby required, on Receipt of such Certificate, forthwith to proceed by all such legal Means as shall be moll effectual and expeditious to compel

5 G 2 such

How AflVfltnents shall lie levied in Edinburgh and Glasgow,

In those Cities, t. militate*, &c. shall be tr«ml-juitted to'loa n Clerks.

Adjutants shall make Monthly Returns of Va-f&'d'-UI.

ttflmvanee for (Trouble to Kirk JCreafuxer,

Ifflowances to

l-olledon and jUcsfcl of Supply.

No Collet Of shall take Credit for Sums remitted, without Voucher*.

Account of Money remitted ami lined shall be transmitted by Collector to jix-che^ucr.

C. 90, 49° GEORGII III. A.D. 1809.

such Commissioners to pay due Obedience to this Act, and to cause such A (Te Ament to be made, and the Money raised, collected, and paid*

XXX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in the Cities of Edinburgh and Glasgow, the Magistrates thereof shall and they are hereby authorized to levy from the Heritors, BtirgcfTes, and Inhabitants of such City, their Proportion of the Assessment to be made pursuant to this Act, to raise the Sum necessary to afford the Relief hereby provided to the Families of the Militia serving for the said Cities, in such Manner and in the fame Proportions as the Cess Stent and other publick Burdens and Contributions are in Use by Law to be a At fled and levied in the said Cities,

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in the Two Cities aforesaid, all Certificates of Inability shall be transmitted from the Parishes within the same to the Town Clerk of the said Cities respectively, who shall and he is hereby required to do all Matters and Things directed by this Act to be done by the Clerk to the Commissioners of Supply in any County or Stewartry.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Adjutant of every Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of M iitia, or where there shall be no Adjutant the Serjeant-Major thereof, shall within Seven Days after the Twenty-fourth Day of every Month during the Time that the Militia to which he shall belong shall remain embodied and io actual Service, return to the respective Clerks of Supply of the County, Stewartry or Place to which such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps shall belong, a particular Lift of all Promotions and Vacancies, and all Death* Desertions, and other Causes of Vacancy, that (halt have occurred among the private Militia Men serving for the several and respective Subdivisiona of the County, Stewartry, or Flacc to which such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps shall belong, in the Calendar Month preceding each such Twenty-fcurih Day as aforesaid, and shall specify the Christian and Surname of each Man so returned, and whether ballotted Man, Substitute, hired Man, or Volunteer, and the Parish or Place for which he was serving; and such respective Clerks of the ComnvflioDcr* of Supply shall within Six Days after the Receipt of such Return, transmit proper Extrads of lo much thereof as relates to Militia Men whose Families reside within their own County, Stewartry, City, or Place, to the Kirk Treasurers, or the Miniftcra and Kirk Session* of the respective Pari/he9 or Places therein, and proper Extrads of the Remainder of such Returns to the Clerks of Supply of the other Counties or Stewartries io which the Families of any such Militia Men receiving an Allowance under this Act, shall be thm residing, sod such Clerks of Supply of such other Counties or Stewartries shall, within Six Days after the Receipt of the fame, transmit proper Extrads thereof to the Kirk Treasurers, or the Ministers and Kirk Sessions of the respective Parishes within their Counties or Stewartries, in which the Families of any such Militia Men receiving au Allowance under this Act shall be then residing.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the CommiflbncrB of Supply of aoy County or Stewartry, assembled at the annual Meeting at which they meet to assess the Land Tax, and they are hereby empowered to grant such Allowance to such Treasurer of the Kirk Session as they shall think sufficient for his Trouble in paying and keeping the Accounts of such D*(burfemcots, and such Commissioners of Supply shall be and they are hereby further empowered to allow a Sum equal to what shall appear to them to be the necessary Expences incurred by such Treasurer of the Kirk Session, or by the Minister and Kirk Session, in discharging the Duties hereby required of him or them, which Allowances (halt be paid by the Collector of the County or Stewartry upon the Order of such Commissioners, who shall include the Sum spe-ciried therein in the Amount of the Assessment directed to be made pursuant to this Act: Provided always, that no such Allowance shall be granted to any such Treasurer, or Minister, or Kirk Session, who shall fail or omit to settle their Accounts in the Manner directed by this Act.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Supply of any County or Stewartry assembled at such annual Meeting as aforesaid, and they are hereby empowered to grant an Allowance to the Collector of the Cess and to the Clerk of Supply of their County or Stewartry for their Trouble in doing and performing the various Matters and Things required by this Act to be done and performed by such Collector of the Ccfs and Clerk of Supply, not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds per Annum to any Collector of the Ccfs, and Thirty Pounds per Annum to any Clerk of Supply; and every such Allowance shall be satisfied and paid upon the Order of such Commissioners by being included in the iiril Assessment made under this Act after such Order shall have been made; and the Collector of the Ccfs levying such Assessment shall account for and pay such Allowance to the Clerk of Supply as he shall be entitled to by such Order.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That no Sums paid or remitted by any Collector pursuant to this Act, shall be allowed in his Accounts with the Receiver-General of Scotland\ unless he shall produce, as the Vouchers thereof, the original Certificates of Inability, directed by this Act to be transmitted to him by the Clerk of Supply, of his County, Stewartry, City, or Place, and the Receipts transmitted or delivered to him by the K»rk Treasurers or Ministers and Kirk Sessions, pursuant to this Act, and also the Accounts, annually settled in Manner herein directed, with the Vouchers thereof.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That each Collector of the Land Tax, remitting and paying Money as directed by this Act, shall on or before the Fifteenth Day of April in every Yea', transmit to the Lord Chief B: ron and other Barons of His Majesty's Exchequer in Scotland, an Account, with the Vouchers, of all the Money so remitted and paid by him previous to the Full Day of January preceding, and of all the Money levied by him pursuant to any AikfTment made in Terms of this Act, or otherwise received pursuant to this Act, previous to the Date of such Account; and any Collector of the Land Tax failing or uegleding to transmit such Account in the Manner herein directed, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds Sterling, to be recovered upon the Application of His Majesty's Advocate to the said Lord Chief Baron and Barons aforesaid, be Tides being otherwise reTpoufible for such Default as accords of Law.

773

A.D. 1809. 49° GEORGII III. C. 90.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That the Clerk of Supply of ever* County, Stewartry, City, nr PI. e, shall and is hereby required, within Fourteen Days after the annual Meeting of the Comnrrffioners of S 1

at which theyaflVmblc to assess the Land Tax, to transmit to His Majesty's Attorney »n Exchequer a Copy of the Account made up by him in the Month of March preceding, as directrd bvthis Act, and shall at the same Time certify to His Majesty's said Attorney io Exchequer, wheth r an Assessment has been made thereof pursuant to tbia Act, and shall further certify to such Attorney in Exchequer the gross Amount of all the Allowances made to the Families of Militia Men redding within his County, Stewarfry, City, or Place, pursuant to this Act, previous to the First Day of January preceding j and any Clerk of Supply failing or neglecting to transmit such Account, or to certify to His Majesty's Attorney in Exchequer in the Manner hereby directed, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, to be recovered in the same Manner «s any Penalty against any Collector of the Cess may be recovered.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That such Accounts and Vouchers so transmitted by the Collectors of the Cess and Clerks of Supply to the Court of Exchequer shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the Receipt thereof, be examined by His Majesty's Remembrancer in Exchequer, who shall report to the Lord Chief Baron and other Barons of the Exchequer, whether the Directions of this Act have been complied with, and whether it appears that the AiTrffments have been made and levied which ought to have been made and levied in Terms of this Act, and whether such Collectors have rendtred due Accounts, wiih proper Vouchers thereof, and have accounted for every Sum of Money which ought to have come to their Hands pursuant to this Act; and the Lord Chief Baron and other Barons aforesaid shall make such Order, and give such Directions as shall appear to them necessary and proper to be made and given thereupon.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Chief Baron and other Baron3 of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, and they are hereby empowered, if they shall think proper, to order and direct the respective Coiltdlors of the Cess of the Counties* Stewartries, Cities, or Places in which Allowances shall appear to have been paid for Families refilling therein of Militia Men serving for other Counties, Stewartries, Cities, or Places, to recover from the respective Colkdlirsoi the Cess of such other Counties, Stewartries, Cities, or Places, such Sums of Money as shall appear to have been paid for Families of Militia Men serving for such other Counties, Stewartries, Citit3, or Places as aforesaid.

Accounts under former Act shall be transmitted before the First of January 1810. f 40. Orders and* Certificates shall accompany such Accounts. §41. General Accounts under recited Act shall be made up 4t before 15th February 1810. <J 42. Assessment (ha', 1 be made accordingly, if necessary. $ 43. Any Excels u of Assessment upon such Account, shall be dedudLd from the first Assessment under this Act. §44.

XLV. And be it cna£Td, That so much of the said recited Act as relates to the Qualification and Appoint* ttiem of Deputy Lieutenants in the Counties of Bute and Sutherland, and also so much of the said Act as prevents a Substitute from being received for any ballotted Man in the Militia of Scotland, which Substitute shall have more than Two lawful Children at the Time he shall be produced to be enrolled, shall not be repealed, but such Act, so far as regards the fame, shall remain in force in the same Manner a6 if this Act had not been made: Provided always, th>t no Allowance under this Act shall be ordered to be paid to the Family of any Sublliute, hired Man, or Volunteer to be enrolled after the passing of this Act, who ffnll at the Time of his Enrolment have more than Two lawful Children, or who shall have fraudulently represented and declared that be had no Wife at the Time of his Enrolment, or who shall have fraudulently and falsely represented and declared at the Time of such Enrolment, that he bad not more than Two lawful Children.

Act may be altered tlm Session. §46.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

DECLARATION to be made and signed by a Militia Man, bating-a Wife or Family in a State of Indigences

I. Where the Wife is living.

I A.B. a Militia Man serving in [speefy the Corp.*-] do declare. That C.D. is my lawful Wife, and has been so iince the Day of, and that I have by the said C.D. [One,

Two, or more Children, as the Case may be] under the Age of Ten Years [Specifying the Name and Age of etch Child] and that the said C.D. resides (with such Child or Children) in the Parish of [Name of PanJF\ and is unabie to support herself [and such Child or Children] by reason that [state the Reason\ j and it a bublliuite, that I had not more than Two lawful Children born in Wedlock at the Time I was produced to be enro led: And these Things I the said A.B. do solemnly aver and declare to be true.

Dated this Day of A. B*

2. Where the Wife is dead leaving a Child or Children.

I A.B. a Militia Man serving in [Specify the Corps] do declare, That C.D. deceased, lately residing [Specify A where] was my lawful Wife, and that we were married Persons since the^Day of

and that I have by the fa: d C.D. [One, Two, or more Children under the Age of Ten Years Specifying the Nime and Age of each Child] and that such Child or Children reside with [speclfy with whom they reticle] at [fpccjy the P^ce] and that such Child or Children are unable to support themfc.ves by reason that [fate the Reason]; and if a Substitute, that I had not more than Two lawful Children born in Wedlock at the Time I was produced to be enrolled: And these Things I the said A.B. do solemnly aver and declare to be true.

Dated lhit Day of'"

Act-Mints shall In- r., nfnitted Im C erk of Supply to Exchequer.

Accounts transmit tod to Exchequer Hull br ext mined there.

Barons of Exchequer may

direct Collectors of ( eft to recover from tack oilier.

Saving of §21. and 22. of 43 G. 3. C. 89.

No A Tinware W'

to Substitutes having more titan Two CLII-tken, &c.

77+ C.go

A.D. 1809.

49° GEORGII III.

SCHEDULE (B.)

CERTIFICATE by Commanding Officer.

1. Where the Militia Man is not a Substitute, hired Man, or Volunteer, or being a Substitute, hired Man, or Volunteer, was married previous to the Time at which he was called out to aA'iai Service.

T E. F. commanding the [spectly the Regiment] do certify, That upon the Day of

A.B. a Militia Man serving in the said Regiment for the Parish of io the County

or Stewartry of t, fpfCtly whether a ballotted Man, or a Substitute, hired Man, and

if a Substitute, for whom serving, and for what Parish or Place] came before me, and made the Declaration hereunto annexed. Witness my Hand this Day of £. F

X. Where the Militia Man, being a Substitute, hired Man, or Volunteer, was married subsequent to the Time

at which he was called out into actual Service.

J E. F. commanding the [spectly the Regiment] do certify, That upon the Day of

A.B. a Substitute, hired Man, or Volunteer [\cu the Case may be] serving in the said Regiment for the Parish of in the County [or, Stewartry] of

was married upon the Day of with the Consent of [specify Name]

then commanding Officer of the said Regiment (certified under the Hand of the said Commanding Officer previous to the Marriage) to [Specify the Name of the Wife, and the Parish or Place where (he now resides] ? And I further certify, That the said A.B. came before me, and made the Declaration hereunto annexed. Witness my Hand this Day of E. F

SCHEDULE (C.)

CERTIFICATE by the Minister, Kirk Session, Commissioners of Supply, or other Person.

TXyE A.B. Minister of the Parish of and C.D. E* F» and G. H. Members of the

Kirk Session thereof, do hereby certify, That in consequence of a Declaration and Certificate transmitted to the said Minister, pursuant to an Act passed in the Forty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, [Here insert the Title of this Act-] We did inquire into the Situation of [mention Wife or Children] and found her [or, them] to be unable to maintain herself [or themselves] by reason [fate the Reason] and wc slfo inquired whether the Wife had departed from her Home or Place of Residence speciikd in the said Declaration, and found that (he had not done so, (or that Ihe had done so with the Permission and upon a Certificate thereof, in the Manner provided by the said Act) and we reported these Things to [mention Name of Justice, Heritor, Person or Magistrate] of which he also satisfied himself. In Witness whereof the said [Justice, Heritor, Person, or, Magistrate] has with us set his Hand hereto this Day of

Where the Wife or Children shall be enabled to maintain themselves with a smaller Allowance than the full Rate, then after the Retfon of Inability, these Words will follow: — " But we found that upon receiving an Allowance of per Week, such Wife or Children will be able to

maintain themselves/'

SCHEDULE (D.)

ORDER to be made by a Justice of the Peace for Payment of Allowances.

T A. One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County [or, Stewartry] of

in consequence of a Certificate produced to me, of which a Copy is annexed, do hereby order [mention Name of Kirk Treasurer or Minister, and Kirk Session] of the Parish of [mention Parish] to pay to the therein named [mention Name of Wife or Children] a Weekly Allowance of to the

said ( Wife) and for each of the said (Children.J For which this Order shall be t

sufficient Authority. Witness my Hand at this Day of E. F

SCHEDULE (E.)

An ACCOUNT shewing the Amount and Rate of AfTcITnents made this Day of

pursuant to AA Forty-ninth George III. Cap.

1. For the Amount of Allowances paid to Families redding in this County or Stewartry of Militia

Men serving for this County or Stewartry -

2. For the Amount of Allowances paid in other Countiesor Stewartries [viz, spectly the Counties]

to Families therein residing of Militia Men serving for this County or Stewartry J. For the Amount of Allowance* for Trouble and Charges in Terms of the AA x. To Officers, specifying to whom -

2. Charges incurred by them -

£> /. i

A.D. 1809. 49° GEORGII III. C. 90, 9l. 775

I. Amount of valued Rent within the County [or StewartryJ J. Amount of Rents of Housea -jT £ r* d.

Rate of Assessment; on each ^ioo. of valued Rentm9m

in the Pound of Reut or Yearly Value of Houses, according to the latest Assessment for the House Tax -

SCHEDULE (F.)

REGISTER of Substitutes, hired Men, and Volunteers, belonging to the Regiment of [deferihe the Regiment] married with the Consent of the Colonel or Commanding Officer,

Name of Substitute, &c. For what Parish serving. Name of Woman. Where then residing. Date of Certificate. Commanding Officer by whom granted Date of Marriage.

SCHEDULE (G.)

REGISTER of Declarations made by Militia Men serving io the Regiment [deferihe the RegimentJ and of Certificates granted by the Commanding Officer, to enable their Wives and Families to receive the Allowances granted by Ad 49 Geo. III. Cap.

Name of Declarant. Parish for which serving. Name of Wife. Name of tbtir Child or Children under Ten Years. Where residing. Date of Certificate. To whom transmitted. When transmitted.

CAP. XCI.

An Act to empower the Judges to try Civil Causes in their own Counties in England.

[loth June 1809.

WHEREAS by a Statute made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of King Richard the Second, it is s R. a. c.a.

amoog other Things enacted, That no Man of Law shall from thenceforth be Justice of Assizes in his

own Country: And whereas by an Act made in the Thirty-third Year of King Henry the Eighth, intituled,

An Act that none shall he Justice of Affile in hu own Country, it is enacted, That no Justice nor other Man on Hen. s. c.«.«learned in the Laws of this Realm shall use nor exercise the Office of Justice of Assize within any County [>Ve Stat.

where the said Justice was boro or doth inhabit: And whereas a Compliance with the aforesaid Provisions has 12 <?-2- c 27«

been attended with very great Inconveniences; for Remedy whereof/ be it enacted by the King's most 0 Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, Xermmcu]

in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful from Anv justic<of Time to Time and at all Times hereafter, to and for the Chief Justice and Justices of either Bench, and.to and either Bench

for or Baron of th»

77

'Fxchocupr, or other Persons

appointed, may

he JuiHres of Aflizr in any ( oumy although liiry were horn Or do inhabit therein.

46 0.3. c. 05.

43 G. 3. c. 91.

46 G. 3. c. 39.

47 0.3. ft. 1. c. 55.

Duties of Excise granted hv 43 G. 3. c. 81. and 16 G.3.

C. 39. further continued.

To defray the < har^e fxca-fioned by 1 1, 000, 0001. of the Loan under 49 0.3. c. 71-and the funding of 7, 9-32, 1 ool. Exchequer Kills sunder 49 G. 3. r. Qi. there H ail he appropriated out of the Produce of the Duties granted during the War, (except the Duties granted by 46 G. 3. c. 65. i the annual Sum of J, 040, 00ul.

C. 91, 92. 4-9° GEORGII III. A.D. 1809.

for the Chief Baron and other Barons of the Court of Exchequer, and to and for any other Person or Persons learned in the Law, who shall be appointed Justice or Justices of Assize in any County or Counties within that Part of Great Britain called England\ to use and exercise the Office or Offices of Justice or Justices of Assize, and to act under any Commission of Nisi Prius in any such County or Counties, notwithstanding they or any of them shall have been born or do inhabit within any such County or Counties; and that they shall not be liable for so doing to any Forfeiture or Penalty whatsoever, any Thing in the faiil recited Laws or either of them, or any other Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. XCII.

An Act: for charging the Sum of Eleven millions, raised for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and nine, and the Sum of Seven millions nine hundred and thirty-two thousand one hundred Pounds in Exchequer Bilfs, funded pursuant to an Act of this Session of Parliament, upon the Duties granted to His Majesty during the Continuance of the present War, and for certain Periods after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.

£roth June 1809.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that a Part of the Loan or Loans raised for the Service of Great Britain for the present Year, and also the Sum of Seven millions nine hundred and thirty*two thousand one hundred Pounds in Exchequer Bills, funded pursuant to an Act of this Session of Parliament, should be charged upon the several Duties granted to His Majesty during the Continuance of the present War, and until certain Periods after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, except the Duties granted by an Act of the Forty-sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majfiy dur ing d e 4 present War, and until the Sixth Day of April next after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty oj Peace, further additional Rates'and Duties in Great Britain on the Rates and Duties cn Profits arising from Property, Pruj\jy\s % 4 Trades, and Offices; and for repealing an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty % for repealing 4 .certain Parts of an Act made in the Forty.third Year of His present Majesty, for granting a Contribution on the 4 .Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices, and to consolidale and render more effectual the Jdrovifjons for collecting the said Duties: And Whereas the several Duties of Excise granted to His Majesty by an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, an Act for granting to His Mijrfly, until Twelve Months after the Ralif cation of the Dfnitive Treaty of Peace, certain additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain; and by another Act passed in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Meetly, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty, until Twelve Months after the Ratification of a Dfnitive Treaty of Pea: e % 4 adtlitional Duties of Excise on Tobacco and Snuff; were, by an Act passed in the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for charging the Sum of Twelve millions, Part of the Loan of Twelve millions two hundred thousand Pounds raised for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven, upon the Duties of Ctfloms and Excise granted to His Majesty during the Continuance of the present I Tar, and for certain Periods after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace; and for providing a 4 Sinhing Fund for the Redemption of the Stocks or Funds thereby created, further granted and continued for such further Term or Terms, and in such Proportions, after the Expiration of the said Pciiod, as is directed in the said last recited Act: And for making an effectual Fund for defraying the Charge occasioned by such Part or Parts of the said Loan or Loans, and by such Sum of Seven millions nine hundred and thirty-two thousand one hundred Pounds, as is or are or shall be charged thereon, it is expedient that the said last-mentioned Duties should be further granted and continued for such a further limited Term, and in such Proportions and Manner as in this Act is directed Be it therefore enacted by the King*3 most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afT; mb; ed, and by the Authority of the same, That the said several Duties of Excise shall be, and the same are hereby further granted and continued, and shall be payable to and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for such further Term or Terms, and in such Proportions, after the Expiration of the said Periods, and in such Manner as herein after is directed concerning the same.

II. And be it further enacted, Tnatin order to defray the Charge occassioned by the Sum of Eleven miilHn* six hundred thousand Pounds, Part of the Loan of Fourteen millions six hundred thousand Pounds, contracted to be raised for the Service of the present Year, except the Charge of Eight hundred and ninety-two thousand five hundred and twenty-two Pounds Seven Shillings and Nine-pence, capital Stock in reduced Annuitize, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum in respect of Six hundred thousand Pounds raised for the Service of His Royal Highness the Prince Regent of Portugal; and also to defray the Charge occasioned by the Sum of Seven nvllions nine hundred and thirty-two thousand one hundred Pounds in Exchequer Bills, funded pursuant to an Act of this Session of Parliament, there shall, during the Continuance of the present War, and until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, be set apart at the Receipt of the Exchequer in England, and appropriated to the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, quarterly, or otherwise, as the said ^Charge may from Time to Time be incurred or become due out of the Produce of any of the Duties granted to His Majesty during the Continuance of the present War, and until certain Periods after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty Ui Peace, which may from Time to Time be remaining in the Exchequer, except the Duties granted by an Act passed in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty during the present IVar, and until the Sixth Day of April next after the Ratif cation of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, further additional Rates and Duties in Great Britain on the Rates and Duties on Profits arising from Property, Proffijions, Trades, and Offices; and for repealing an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of His prej: tit.M< jrfly, for repealing certain Parts of an Act made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty fsr granting a

1 Contribution

A.D. 1809. 49° GEORGII III. C. 92, 93, 94. 777

Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices, and to confofidate and render more tJfeSual the Pnroifions for collecting the said Duties \ not with (landing any other Appropriation of the said Duties by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, but subject to the Charge created thereon by the said recited Act passed in the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, the clear annual Sum of One million and forty thousand Pounds, which annual Sum shall be deemed an Addition made to the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Act or Acts passed or to be passed in the present Session of Parliament, in respect of the said Sums of Eleven millions six hundred thousand Pounds, except the Charge in respect of Six hundred thousand Pounds raised for the Service of the Prince Regent of Portugal, Part of the said Loan of Fourteen millions six hundred thousand Pounds; and also for the Purpose of defraying the annual Charge occasioned by Seven millions nine hundred and thirty-two thousand one hundred Pounds in Exchequer Bills, funded pursuant tp an Act of this Session of Parliament.

III. And be it further enacted, That if no other Provirton rtiall have been made by Parliament for defraying the annual Charge occasioned by the said Sum of Eleven millions six hundred thousand Pounds, except the Charge in respect of Six hundred thousand Pounds raised for the Service of the Prince Regent of Portugal, and also for defraying the annual Charge occasioned by Seven mi-liona nine hundred and thirty-two thousand one hundred Pounds in Exchequer Bills funded as aforesaid, from and after the Expiration of the said Period of Six Months from and after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, the Duties of Excise granted or continued to His Majesty by the above recited Acts, or so much and such Part or Parts or Proportions thereof respectively as rtiall not previously have been repealed or discontinued by any Act or Acts of Parliament, shall thenceforth be further continued, and be payable to and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors; and so much thereof as shall amount to the Sum of One million and forty thousand Pounds shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue, for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by the said Sums of Eleven millions six hundred thousand Pounds, ' except the Charge in respect of six hundred thousand Pounds raised for the Service of the Prince Regent aforesaid; and also for the Purpose of defraying the Charge occasioned by Seven millions nine hundred and thirty-two thousand one hundred Pounds in Exchequer Bills funded as aforesaid, until some other Provision shall be made by Parliament for defraying the said Charge; and in case there shall be any Remainder of the Monies arising by the said Duties, after de*ray'ng the said Charges, such Remainder Or Surplus rtiall, until the fame rtnll be discontinued or specially appropriated by Parliament, be applicable and may be applied to such Uses and Purposes as the Monies compofrag the Consolidated Fund may by Law be applied.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the several Clauses, Powers, Provision?, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, in any Act or Acts of Parliament contained, in relation to the said several Duties of Excise thereby respectively granted, and the Drawbacks or Bounties of Excise allowed thereon respectively, shall remain and continue in force, and be respectively applied, practised, and put in Execution in resptft of the said several Duties, Drawbacks, and Bounties respectively, or such Parts or Proportions thereof respectively, as shall from Time to Time be continued by virtue of this Act, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the said Clauses, Powers, Provisions, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures were respectively repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall forge or counterfeit, or caofe or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or shall wilfully aid or aflfift in the forging or counterfeiting any Certificate or Certificates, Order or Orders, made forth by virtue of this Act, or alter any Number, Figtire, or Word therein, or present for Payment, utter, vend, barter, or dispose of any such forged, counterfeited, or altered Certificate or Certificates, Order or Orders, (knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, ) then and in every such Case all and every such Person and Persons being thereof convicted in due Form of Law, rtiall be adjudged -a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

If no other Provision be made after the War Du tire shall crafe, the said Duties of £x«ife shall be further continued for defraying the said annual Charge of 1, 040.0001. until further Provision shall be made.

Power of recited Acth in relation to the Excise Duties extended to this Act.

Forcing or uttering Certificate, or Oder*, I'olany without Ben; fit of Clergy.

Cap. xciii.

An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and nine. 1 [10th June 1809.]

Treasury may issue Exchequer Bills, in Manner preferred by 48 G c. i. chargeable on Supplies of 1809,

and payable at any Time on Fourteen Days Notice. §1, 2. But not to issue Exchequer Bills on the 4t Credit of 49 G. 3. c. 1. in any other Manner than they are authorized by that Act, &c. §3. Interest on such 4i Exchequer Bills not exceeding 3 % d. per Centum per Diem. §4. Such Exchequer Bills may, at the Expiration of Four Months after Date, be taken in Payment of the Revenue. $ 5. Bank of England authorized to* advance 6, 000, 000l. on Credit of this Act. §6.

j 1.'

CAP. XCIV.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries.

[10th June 1809.]

41 Number of Tickets 60, 000. §1. Amount of Prizes at a Rate not exceeding ioI. per Ticket. §4.

XI. And be it enacted, That the said Managers and Directors shall on each Day of Drawing, as soon as Lift of the conveniently maybe after the said Drawing is over, canfe to be printed and published complete numerical Lilts of all the Tickets, as well Fortunate as Blank, which shall be drawn on each Day; and if any Contention or Dispute shall arise in the adjustirig the Property of the said Fortunate Tickets, it shall be wholly in the Judgment pjfputeAo b+. of the major Part of the said Managers and Directon* to determine to whom it doth or ought to belong; And if ar)juste4 by th* 49 Geo. III. 5 H any

778 C. 94>95* 49° GEORGII III. A.D. 1809.

Penalty on foruiuu Tickets, 8tc. Felony without Clergy.

P-'rfons (haring Tickets, ike. contrary to Licence shall forfeit iool. Lottery Offices to he open fivm

Ei^ht till Eight. Penalty 50l.

liOtteTy to he drawn in One Day, to prevent Insurances.

Counterfeiting Shares, &c. Felony without Clergy.

any Person or Persons (halt forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or willingly act or assist in the forging or counterfeiting, any Ticket or Tickets, Certificate or Certificates, Order or Orders, made forth by virtue of this present Act, or alter any Number, Figure, Word, or Letter therein, or knowingly utter, vend, barter, or dispose of, any such false, altered, forged, or counterfeited Ticket or Tickets, Certificate or Certificates, Order or Orders, or shall bring any such forged or counterfeited Ticket, Certificate, or Order, or any such Ticket, Certificate, or Order, the Number whereof, or any Figure, Word, or Letter therein, (hah have been altered, (knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited, or altered.) to the said Ma nagera and Directors, or any of them, or to the Cashier or Cashiers, or Accountant General of the Bank of England for the Time being, or to any other Person Or Persons whatsoever, with a fraudulent Intention; or {lull willingly aid, abet, assist, hire, or command, any Person or Persons to commit any such Offence or Offencte as aforesaid, then, and in every such Case, all and every such Person or Persons being thereof convicted in due Form of Law, shall be adjudged a Felon, and (hdll suffer Death as in Cases of Felony without Benefit of C ergy: And the said Managers and Direct ors, or any Two or more of them, are hereby authorized, required, and empoweted, to cause any Person or Parlous bringing or uttering such forged or counterfeited Ticket or Tickets, Certificrte or Certificates, Order or Orders, as aforesaid, or aiding, abetting, assisting, hiring, or commanding, any Person or Persons therein, to be apprehended, and to commit him, her, or them, to His Majesty's Gaol of Newgate, or to the Common Gaol of the County or Place where such Person or Persons shall be so apprehended, to be proceeded against for the said Felony according to Law.

Persons licensed to share Tickets shall deposit 150 Tickets, or more, as the Commissioners shall

direct. §22. 28.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall divide Tickets into Shares, or issue Chances without the Authority of such Licence as aforesaid, or in any other House or Pace besides that named in the Licence, or in any other Manner contrary to such Licence, or to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, (halt forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That no such Office for Lottery Tickets licensed as aforesaid, shall be open for the Transaction of any Business under such Licence before the Hour of Eight of the Clock io the Morning, nor after the Hour of Eight of the Clock in the Evening, except on the Evening preceding the Drawing of any Lottery; and if any such Office or Place shall be wilfully kept open in point ot Time contrary to this Act, the Person or Persons licensed to keep such Office shall, for every such Offence, foifcit Fifty Pounds,

XL. 4 And Whereas it is expedient for the more effectual Prevention of Insurancea and other illegal Practices 1 in Lotteries, that each Lottery should be drawn in One Day $* Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or any Three or more of the Commissioners of Hr* Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, to order and direct that each or any of the said Lotteries shall be drawn in One Day, and to make such Regulations as to the preparing of any Books, and the Mode of oumberirg and marking of any Tickets, and also as to the Number of Tickets in any such Lottery, and the Forms and Numbers of Chances of Tickets in any such Lottery, and as to the Proportion of such Tickets to be drawn for the Purpose of afetrtaining the Fortunate Tickets, and the Mode of drawing the fame, and as to all other Matters and Thinga necessary for drawing each or any of such Lottery in One Day, as shall appear to them to be expedient and proper for carrying into execution the Purposes aforesaid, and all such Rule*, Regulations, Matters, and Things so made, and which shall be published in the Gazette Two Months at lead before the drawing of any such Lottery, shall be as good, valid, and effectual, as if the fame were enacted in this Act.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or shall willingly act or assist in the forging or counterfeiting, any Share or Shares, Chance or Chances, or any Agreement or Agreements, for any Share or Shares, Chance or Chances respectively, of any Ticket or Tickets in any Lottery to be drawn in pursuance of this Act; or alter any Nurober, Figure, Word, Letter, or Stamp, therein or thereon; or shall knowingly utter, vend, barter, or dispose of any such forged, counterfeited, or altered Share or Shares, Chance or Chances, or Agreement or Agreimentf1 for any Share or Shares, Chance or Chances of any Ticket or Tickets, with Intent tp defraud any Person or Persons, then, and in evrry such Case, all and every Person and Persons so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and ffifftr as a Felon,

tc Last Lottery under 4S G. 3. c. 139, may be drawn in One Day under Directitn of the Treasury. §61. tin all other Particulars this Act is frecifely similar to 47 G. 3. ^7. 2. c. 9. mutatis mutundh.]

CAP. XCV.

An Act for further regulating the Constitution of the Board of Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts.*f 10th June 1809.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty.sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making more effectual Provision for the more speedy and regular Examination and Audit of the Publick Accounts § a.*of this Kingdom, His Majesty was empowered to nominate and appoint such Number of Persons (including therein the Persons who should at that Time hold the Situation of Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts) as should make the Number of such Commissioners amount to Ten in the whole, who should §5. 4 thenceforth be the Comra.flioners for auditing the Publick Accounts of this Kingdom; tad the Commissionrrt

4 of the Treasury were empowered to subdivide the-General Board of the said Ten Commissioners into such and 17* 1 so many Boards as to them should seem expedient 5 and it was enacted, that any Thing ditefted to be done by

779

A.D. 1809. 49° GEORGII III..C. 95, 96.

the Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts, or by any of the Boards into which the said Commissioners mi^ht be divided, may be done by the Majority of the said Commissioners, or by the Majority of any

of the said Boards respectively: And whereas in pursuance of the said recited Act Ten Commissioners were duly appointed, but Doubts have anfen what Number of Commissioners shall be requisite to constitute a

General Board of Commissioners, and also whether the Majority required by the said recited Act for doing any

Thing directed to be done by the said Commissioners must be a Majority of Commissioners actually present at 4 a GeneralBoard, or the Majority of the whole Number of Ten Commissioners; Be it therefore enacted and declared by the Kind's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Adv»ce and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That any Five of the said Commissioners shall continue a General Board, and shall have Power to do any Act, Matter, or Thing, which may be done by the Commissioners by virtue of the said recited Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That any Thing which is, under the Authority of the said recited Act, or the Acts tbtrein referred to, directed to be done by the said Commissioners, may be done by the Majority of the C immissioners actually present at any such General Board, at which not iefs than Five Members shall be present as aforesaiii.

Five Com-xniflioners shall constitute a General Board.

Majority of General Board present may ad.

CAP. XCVI.

An Act to provide for a durable Allowance of Superannuation to the Officers of Excise, under certain Restrictions.

[10th June 1809 }

WHEREAS no Provision whatever is made by the Laws now in force for superannuated and worn-out ' Officers, and other Persons employed in the Revenue of Excise, to the great Discouragement of such Officers and other Persons, and the mamftlk Injury of the Revenue; for Retpedy thereof, ' be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tempura', and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Tnrce or more of them for the Time being, by Warrant under their Haads, to grant and allow out of the Revenue of Excise of England, to any Officer or other Person who shall have been employed in the said Revenue for and during the Space of Ten Years at the lcail, and who shall by Age or Infirmity have become incapable of properly executing or performing the Duties of his Office, a Pension, Annuity, or yearly Payment not exceeding Three-fomth Parts of the Average annual Amount of the Salary which shall have been received by such Officer or other Person during the whole Period of Seven Years preceding the Resignation of such Officer or other Person.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them for the Time being, to grant and allow out of the said Revenue of Excise to any such Officer or other Person as aforesaid, who, by Accident met with in the Execution of his Duty, shall be rendered totally incapable of performing the fame, notwithstanding such Officer or other Person may not have been employed in the Revenue of Excise the full Time before mentioned, a Petition, Annuity, or yearly Payment not exceeding Three-fourth Parts of the annual Amount of the yearly Salary actually received by or payable to such Officer or other Person, at the Time when such Officer or other Person shall have met with the Accident by which he shall have been so rendered incapable of executing or performing his Duty: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend to authorize 01 empower the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to grant or allow any Pension, Annuity, or yearly Payment out of the Revenue of Excise, to any Officer or other Person whatever, except such Officer or other Person only who shall at the Time of his Resignation have been in the fair and bona fide Receipt, payable out of the said Revenue of Excise, of at halt One hundred and eighty Pounds per Annum, nor in the Case of any Person under the Rank of a Commissioner, until it shall have been certified to the said Lords Commissioners, under the Hands of the Commissioners of Excile, or the major Part of them for the Time being, that such Officer or other Person claiming or soliciting any such Pension, Annuity, or yearly Payment as aforesaid, is from Age or Infirmity become incapable of properly executing or performing the Duty of such his Office or Station, and that he has been employed in the Service of the said Revenue at lea ft Seven Years, and what yearly Salary such Officer or other Person shall have received for and during the preceding Seven Years, and that such Officer or other Person had, during his Employment, supported the Character of having faithfully discharged the Duties of his Office or Station, or, in case of Accident as aforesaid, that such Officer or other Person has been by such Accident rendered totally unable to execute or perform the Duty of such his Office or Station; any Thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

Ilf. 4 And Whereas, for the Relief and Support of the inferior Officers of Excise when superannuated or ' worn out, certain Deductions have been for many Years latt past, and are now made urider the Directions and Authority of Warrants of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, out of the Salaries of Officer*

and other Person a employed in the Revenue of Excise: And whereas the Commissioners of Excise, to whom the Money arising by such Deductions is entrusted, are prevented from making the greatest Advantage thereof,

for want of a Power to vett in some of the joint Stocks of Annuities transferable at the Bank of England, such Pan thereof as may not be immediately required to be expended; Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them for the Time bejug, to vest in the Purchase of any Share or Shares of any of the joint Stocks of Annuities transferable at the Bank of England, any Sum or Sums of Money which shall have been or shall be collected, granted, or appropriated for the Relief and Support of such superannuated or worn-out inferior Officers of Excise as aforesaid, and that all and every the Share and Shares of any of the joint Stocks of Annuities tanaferablcat the Bank of England,

5 H 1 which

Treasury empowered to grant Annuities out of the Excise of England to Officers superannuated.

And also Peofions to Officers suffering from Accident# in Execution of their Duty.

For Improvement of Superannuation V und already rfla-blished, Commissioner* of Excise may invest Money im Fund*, receive Dmdoubj

7$o

C. 96, 97, 98. 49" GEORGII III. A.D. 1809.

which shall from Time to Time be so bought and purchased by the said CommiflGoneri of Excise, or the major Part of them for the Time being as aforesaid, shall be transferred to the Account and kept in the Boob of the Governor and Company of the Bank, of England, as the Share and Shares of and in such joint Stocks resptftivdy, of " the Trustees of the Fund, for the Relief and Support of superannuated or worn-out inferior Officers of Excise and that the Two Commissionera of Excise for the Time being who shall be appointed by Wanaot under His Majestys Sign Manual to preside at ail Meetings of the Board of Excise, and the Secretary to the said Board for the Time being, shall have the foie Management, Disposal, Sale, and Transfer of all the said Share and Shares of the said joint Stocks of Annuities so entered and kept in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bark of Englandas aforesaid, and any One or either of them shall from Time to Time receive and give Receipts for all Dividends arising therefrom: Provided always, that previous to any such Tao Commissioners and Secretary first acting in such Management, Disposal, Sale, or Transfer, or in the Receipt of such Dividends, and also upon every new Appointment in confluence of the Death, Resignatmn, or Removal of all or any of them, a Warrant shall for that Purpose be granted to such Two Commissionrs and Secretary for the Time being by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty* Treasury for the Time being, or any Three of them, and produced to and deposited with the proper Officers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, as the Authority for such Management, Disposal, Sale, or Transfer, or the Rccc.pt of such Dividends.

CAP. XCVII.

An Act for empowering the Board of Ordnance to exchange Lands at Purjleet, in the County of EJfeXi for other Lands in the said Parish.

[10th June 1809.]

4t His Majesty empowered (in consequence of any Agreement by the Master-General of the Ordosner) to* exchange any Piece of Land now vested in him at Purjleet for any other Piece of Land there. §1. Money necessary to be paid for equalizing such Exchange may be paid by Order of said Matter-General, out of toy Monies applicable to the Ordnauce Service. $ 4, 5.

40 G. 3. c. 68.

Trom 3 July 1800, the yrtf*nt Duties of Cultocns and Drawback*

shall ccaf*

J&orrpt aa to imw, Ike.

Cap. xcvm.

An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof. fioth June 1809.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to repeal the Duties of Cujioms payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in fiat thereof; 4 the Duties of Customs were Amplified and couiohdated: And whereas many new and additional Duties of

Customs have been from Time to Time granted (ince the parting of the said Act, and which for the better

ascertaining the annual Produce and Appropriation thereof have been kept distinct and carried to separate

Accounts, both in the Receipt thereof and in His Majesty* Exchequer, and the Computation of the Duties of Customs has thereby again become complicated and intricate: And Whereas it is expedieot for the affording Facility and Accommodation to mercantile Transactions, that the several Duties of Customs now payable,

(except as is herein after provided, ) should be again consolidated: And whereas it is necessary for cirrying into Execution the Purposes aforesaid, that all such Duties (except as in this Act mentioned) shall ccafeaod determine, and that other Duties of Customs should be granted in lieu thereof: And Whereas it will grettly Amplify the keeping the publick Accounts of the Revenue of Customs, if the Duties were received sod accounted for annually in Two Sums only, the one being the Produce and Amount of the Revenue of Customs granted to His Majesty as permanent Additions to the Revenue, and made Part of the Consolidated Fond of Great Britain; and the other bring the Produce and Amount of the Duties of Customs and Tonnage granted to His Majesty, during the Continuance of the present War, and until certain Periods after the Ratification of 4 a Definitive Treaty of Peace, and to be so carried to account in the Exchequer (except as herein after is provided); and that separate Accounts for Ten Years from the respective Periods at which any of the said Duties were granted, should no longer be kept, but that in lieu thereof, Accounts should be laid before Parliament for such respective Periods as aforesaid, of the Produce of such Duties as far as the fame can be ascertained: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King1* mo ft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of jt'y One thousand eight hundred and nine, all and singular the Subsidies, Customs, Impositions, or Duties whatever, (respecting the Revenue of Customs) payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force, on or immediately before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine, upon the Importation or Exportation respectively, of any Goods, Wares, or Merchanduc, into or from Great Britain, or upon any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, being brought or carried coastwise, from one Port or Place in Great Britain to any other Port or Place within the lame, (except as in this Act mentioned, ) or upon any Ship or Vessel according to the Tonnage thereof, entering or clearing Outwards or Inwards at any Port within Great Britain, and the several and respective Drawbacki allowed upon the Exportation of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize from Great Britain; and also all the additional Imports or Duties charged upon the Product and Amount of the said several Duties of Customs, shall cease and determine; save and except in all Cases relating to the recovering, allowing or paying any Arrears thereof respectively, which may oo the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine, remain unpaid, or to any Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any Time before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be

1 coaitrued

A.D. 1809.

49 GEORGII III.

C. 98. 781

From July Sr 1809> Duties and Drawbacks in annexed Schedule and TabUw shall be levied, and

construed to extend to repeal or anyw-fe alter the Duties of Package, Scavage, Baillage, or Portage, or any Duties of other Duties payable to the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, or to the Lord Mayor FscJj^e, &c: of the said City for the Time being, or to any other City or Town Corporate within Great Britain, or any other special Privilege or Exemption, to which any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, is or are now COnliuued, entitled by Law, but the same shall be continued as heretofore.

II.*And Whereas it is necessary that other Duties of Customs should be granted toYour Majesty in lieu of the Duties repealed by this Act; we Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, have therefore given and granted to

Your Majesty the several Duties of Customs htrein-after mentioned, and do humbly btfeech Your Majesty that

it may be enacted; and be it therefore enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine, in lie u and {lead of the Subsidies and Duties of Customs hereby made to cease and determine, there shall be raised, levied, cdlefted, and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Succefiers, in ready Money (except as here in-after is provided) without any Discount whatever, upon Goods, Wares, or Merchandize imported and brought into Great Britain from Parts beyond the Seas, and upon Goods, Wares, or Merchandize exported from Great Britain, and upon Goods, Wares, or Merchandize brought or carried Coastwise from One Port or Place in Great Britain to any other Port or Place within the same, and upon Ships allowed In lieu of or Vessels, according to the Tonnage thereof, entering Outwards or Inwards at any Port within Great Britain,

the several Duties of Customs as the fame , are respectively inserted, described, and set forth in Figures in the Schedule and Tables hereunto annexed, marked A.B. C. and D.; and that there shall also be paid or allowed the several Drawbacks of the said Duties of Customs, as the same are also respectively inserted, described, and set forth in Figures in the said Schedule and Tables marked A. and B. j any Law, Custora, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Duties granted and imposed by this Act, and made payable according Duties payab V to the Wright, Tale, Gauge, Measure, or Value of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize charged with such Weight, See-Duties, shall be charged and payable upon any greater or less Weight, Number, Quantity, or Value thereof than the Weight, Number, Quantity, or Value particularly inserted, described. and let forth in the Schedule and Tables hereunto annexed marked A B. and C. in proportion to the actual Weight, Number, Quantity, or Value of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties of Tonnage hereby imposed on Ships and Vessels entering Outwards or Inwards to or from Foreign Parts, shall be paid to the proper Officer appointed to receive the same on the Entry Outwards, and within Fourteen Days after the Report Inwards, each and every Voyage any such Ship or VrftTci shall so enter Outwards or report Inwards at any Port within Great Britain, and that the Tonnage of every such Ship or Vessel, being British built or 2?ri7^&-owned, shall be computed and taken according to the Register thereof, under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Twenty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation, and that the Tonnage of every other Ship or Vessel, in case of any Doubt or Dispute relative thereto, shall be ascertained by Admeasurement, in the Mode and Manner prescribed and directed by the said Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That every Act of Parliament in Force on and immediately before the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine, by which any Rules, Regulations, Conditions, or Restriction* were made, established, or directed, for the ascertaining the Value of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or for the remitting or allowing of any Deduction of any Duties on account of Damage, or for the better securing the Revenue of Customs, or for the regular Importation into or Exportation from Great Britain, or the bringing this Act.

r carrying Coastwise, or from Port to Port within Great Britain, or the entering, landing, or shipping of any Goods Wares, or Merchandize whatever, except where any Alteration it expressly made by this Act* and atl Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and Things relating thereto, shall, and are hereby declared to be and remain in full Force and Effect, and shall be applied to the Subject of this Act, and for carrying the fame into Execution as fully and dually as if they had been repeated and re-enactedin this present Act.

VI. And be it further enactrd. That the Duties of Customs by this Act imposed on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and on Ships and Vessels according to the Tonnage thereof, and which are particularly described and set forth in Figures in the Schedule and Tables hereunto annexed, marked A.B. C. and D. under the Title and Description of Temporary or War Duties, shall continue iu Force during the Continuance of the present War, and for Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.

VII. And be it funher enacted, That the Duties imposed by this Act upon the Importation of Sugar, and inserted, described, and set forth in the Schedule and Tables hereunto annexed, marked A.B. and C. shall continue and be in Force until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, and no longer; and shall be appropriated, applied, and accounted for, according to the Provisions of an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt. Sugar,

Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain, and on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Ejiatcs in England, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and ninef and mat a separate Account of such Duties shall be kept at the Custom House distinct and apart from all other Duties of Customs, and the fame ftnll be paid into the Exchequer pursuant to the Provisions of the said recited Act, as to the Duties by the said Act /ranted on Sugar*

VIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall appear by Notice in the London Gazette, in Manner When Average

directed by an Act oafled in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present MajMty, intituled, An Act for Price of Prow* granting to His Majesty during the present War, and for Six Months after the Expiration thereof by the Ratification of nr Muieovado a D(f nitrec Tteaty of Peace, additional Duties on certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, imported into and exported Sugar a below from9 or brought or carried Coastwise within Great Britain, that the Average Price of Brown or Mutcovado Sugar,}f(*'*

taken in Manner directed by the said recited Act (or Four Months preceding the Filth Day of January the Fifth ^Iu. of the Wa# Day of May, and the Fifth Day of September respectively in every Year, shall be below Forty mac Shillings the^b*

iiumiiui

shall be paid its proportion*

Tonnage Dufie* on VclIcLs to or from Foreign Parts shall be paid esc five* age, according to their Register under

26 G. 3. c. 60.

All Acts relative to the Revenue of Cuiloms ihait be applied in Execution of

Continuance of

Temporary or Wur Dunes Six Months after Ratification of a Treaty ot Peace,

Continuance of Duties on Sui;r 25 March lblO^ and u> be applied as under

49 G. a. c.

782

fufjK-mled.

4b G. 3. C. 42.

§ 10; 3 2 G. 'A. c. 4-3. there referred tn; and til Jo 49G. 1).

<' 4.3.]

Saving Tor the Provisions of Union A£fs, &c. between Great Britain aiul Ireland, refute ing Dutii-s on Goods imported or exported.

A<fl shah not ail-A Duties under

49 G. 3. C. 26.

49 G. 3. C. 35. 4S G. 3. c. 37.

48 G. 3, c. 71.

Kifh of British taking and curing mayi»e imported in British Ships Duty free.

Oath on Entry.

Erentpiioni from J i nnage Pmy; I tilling

VetVeN; Yet.ds in Baiiafi, eke.:

Saving for Draw -barks, .allowed to O'iutrs in the ISav) <m l\ ine; and Tobacco for the Isle of bexrurn.

C. 98. 49° GEORGII III. A.D. 1809.

Hundred Weight, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Lords Commissionen of His Majesty's Treaty, or any Three or more of them, for the Time being, and they are hereby authorized to fufDtnd, until a n-w Avi ra^e according to the said recited Act shall be publisheJ, the Sum of One Shilling in the Hundred Weight, Part of the Temporary or War Duty on Sugar by this Act granted; and if such Average Price shall be btlow Forty-eight Swirlings then Two Shillings of the said Duty; and if such Average Price shall be below Forty seven Shillings, then Thr^c Shillings of such Duty; and to contisue from Time to Time, if the C-.fe shall so require, according to tlu Averages publtlhed as aforesaid.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained drd! extend, or be Condrued to extend, to repeal or alter any of the Provisions contained in Two Acts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland the one made in the Parliament of Great Britain in the Thirty-ninth and F »rtirth Y<*a« of His present Majesty's Reign, and the other made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fortieth Yea'of His present Majesty's Reign, or any other Act or Ada in Force on or immediately before the said Filth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine, by which any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, it ported from Ireland into Great Britain, or any Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, exported from Great Britain to Ireland, are respectively made to remain liable to, or are charged with or exempted from any Duties or Customs, whether counter vailing or others, or by which any Drawbacksor Bounties are allowed or given in respect of any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize.

" Act shall not repeal or afled Tonnage Duties under the London Port Act, 39 G.3. r.lxix.: erthe Quarantine r' Act 45 G. 3. c. so. — §10.

XL. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or beccnftrued to extend to or in any way to affect, alter, vary, or repeal any of the Duties grant d by or any of the Pmvuions contained in an Act passed in the lad Sc Ai m of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majyly, until the End of the nest Sc firm of Parliament, Duties of Customs on the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, therein enumerated, in Furtherance of the Provisions of certain Orders in Council; or in an Act oafiVd in the Um'- S 111 >11 o( Priam nq intituled, An Act for impfing until the End of the next Session of Parliament, a Duty an Cotton Wool, the Growth of the British Colonies, exported from Great Britain; or the Provift >ns contained in another Act paflf -1n th tame S (Tin'of Parliament, intituled, An Act for making valid certain Orders in Council, and Warrants of the Commissunert of the Treasury. for the Entry and IVarehousing of certain Goods imported in Weutral Vessels and for indemnifying all Persons concerned therein; for the remitting of Forfeitures in certain Cases; and for enabling His Majesty ro allow, during the Continuance of Hostilities, and until Two Months after the Commencement of the next Sej/ien of Parliament, the Importation of Goods from Countries from which the British Flag is excluded, in any Vessels whatever. or in an Act passed in the same Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend so much of Two Acts of this Sefton of Pari'ament y for carry' ng into Execution certain Orders in Council, as relates to the Duties on Goods exported from the Warehouses in which they have been f cured on Importation, and on certain Prize Goods imported into Great Britain or Ireland.

" Act shall not afodl Duties under 43 G. 3. c. 10. §12. See §10.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That Fish of every Kind or Sort whatever of Britjb taking and curing, caught, or taken in any Part of the Ocean by the Crews of any Ships or Vrflel* built in Great Britain, Ireland, or the 1 (lands of Jersey, Guernsey, or Man, or in any of the Colonies, Plantation?, I (lands, or Territories which now belong, or at the Time of building such Ships or Vessels did belong, or which may hereafter belong to or be in the PofiVfiion of His Majesty, His Hcirsor Successors, and wholly belonging to and owned by His Majesty's S'lbjvbls, and navigated and registered according to Law, shall and may be imported into Great Britain in Ships built, owned, navigated, and registered as aforesaid, without Payment of any Duty of Customs whatever; any Thing in this Act or any other Act or Acts to the contrary thereof in anywise Jiotwithstanding: Provided always, that before such Fish shall be admitted to Entry, the Mailer or other Person having the Command of the Slop or Vessel in which such Fish shall be imported, shall make Oath before the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs, at the Pnrt of Importation (who ia hereby authorized and required to administer such Oath) that such Fish was actually caught, taken, and cured wholly by His Majesty's Sub'p tii.

XIV7. Provided also, and be it further elided, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be cor.llrued to extend, to charge with the Duty of Tonnage by this Act imposed, any Ship or Vessel employed in the Fisherie8 on the Coall of Great Britain, and not entering outwards for Foreign Parts, or to charge the said Tonnage .Duty on any British built Ship or Vessel owned by British Subjids, which is not required to beregiltered by any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force, on or immediately before the said Filth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine, or on any Ship or Vessel whatsoever, which shall enter Outwards or Inwards in Baliall on'y: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be con ft rued to extend, to repeal or discontinue any Drawback of the Dnticsof Customs on any Sort of Wine intended for the Uicof Admirals, Captains, and other Commissioned Officers serving in any of His Majesty's Ships of War by any Act or Acts of Parliament 10 Force on or immediately before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine, or to prevent Tobacco for the Ule and C rdumption of the Crew or any Ship of War in actual Service, bung removed for that Purpose from the Warehouse in which it may have been dcpolited without Payment of any Dutyot Cuttonu, in Calc-s wherein Tobacco might nave been so removed by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force on or before the said Fifth Day of July One thoulaud eight hundred and nine: Provided always, that all ttie Conditions. Regulations, and R.lli dions contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament 111 Force immediately before the said Fifth Day of July One thoulaud eight hundred and nine, relating relpcdivdy to any luck Drawbacks of the Duties of Cukoms, or to auy such Tobacco respectively, shall be duly observed and enforced iu relation thereto. 3

A.D. 1809.

49° GEORGII III.

C. 98. 783

XV. And be it further enacted, That nbthing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to compel the Proprietor or Proprietors of Goods, Wares, or Men haodize, to pay the Duties upon the Importation or Landing thereof, in Cases in which such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, might on or immediately before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine, have been at the Request of the Importer or Proprietor thereof, lodged and secured in Warehouser, or in any Places approved of for that Purpose, by the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, or by the Commissioners of the Ci*flom9 in England, or any Four or more of them, or the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, or any Three or more of them, under the Provitiors of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force, on and immediately before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand e: ght hundred and nine, during the Continuance of any such Act or Acts respt lively: Provided also, that in case the Importer or Proprietor of any Goods, Ware*, and Merchardizt which shall have been lodged in Warehouse or otherwise secured, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force, on or immediately before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine, and on which the Duties due on the Importation thereof shall not have been paid, shall be desirous of taking any such Goods out of such Warehouse, or from any Pace wherein secured for the Purpose of being used or consumed in Great Britain^ then and in such Case, the Duties impoftd by this Act shall be payable thereon, except as herein after is provided, notwithstanding such Goods may have been imported into Great Britain, and warehoused before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine: Provided also, that nothing herein contained, dia l expend or be construed to extend to permit any Goods to be delivered from such Warehouse or Place, for the Purpose of being used or consumed in Great Britain unless such Goods could have been lawfully so delivered, to be used or consumed before the said Firth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine.

u Duty under 4.3 G. 3. c. 70. made payable by 43 G. 3. c. 132. §22. on Warehoused Goods, shall not be paid 94 on such Goods, though warehoused before 5th July 1809 §16.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Goods, Ware3, or Merchandize imported into this Kingdom by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, warehoused or otherwise secured under the Authority of an Act passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for permitting certain Goods imported from the East Indies to he warehoused, and for repealing the Duties now payable thereon, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof \ or of any G iods, Wares, or Merchandize taken and condemned as Prize, and warrhoused or otherwise secured under the Authority of an Act passed in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes with respect to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in Great Britain during Hostilities, shall be embezzled or fraudulently or clandestinely bid or concealed in, or fraudulently or clandestinely removed from or out of any Warehouse or Place wherein the same shall have been so lodged or secured, all such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize (o embezzled or fraudulently or clandcliinely hid or concealed or removed, together with the Packages containing the fame, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or of Excise in Cases where that Revenue is concerned, and the Person or Persons so embezzling, hiding, concealing, or removing tho fame, or aiding or assisting therein, or to whose H^nds the same shall knowingly come, shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as if such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize had been fraudulently unshipped or landed without Payment of Duty.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That where by the Table hereunto annexed, marked (B.), the Duties of Customs hereby imposed upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported by the Unittd Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies arc charged not according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge, or Measure, but according to the Value thereof, such Value shall be ascertained by the Gross Price at which such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall be sold at the Publick Sales of the said Company, and the said Duties shall be paid thereon accordingly as the same are inserted, defenbed, and set forth in Figures in the said Table marked (B.).

" Duties under this Act shall be payable on Goods imported by the East India Company remaining in Warehouse^unfold after 5th July 1829, though imported before. §19. No Pepper sold at the India Company* Sales 9* after ^une I, 1804, shall be taken out of Warehouse till the Duty tinder this Act be paid. §20.

XXI. 4 And whereas by this Act Duties of Customs arc payable on certain Articles according to the true and real Value thereof, to be ascertained by the Grols Price at which such Goods shall have been publickly

sold at the Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies: And whereas

much Inconvenience and Delay hatharifen in the Payment of ti e Duties and Dcliverv of Articles brought from the East Indies, cither as Presents or for private Use, particularly Specimens of Natural History, Mode ls,

9 Drawings, and other Articles tending to iilustrate or improve the Arts or Sciences, arising from the Ncctffity of such Articles being exposed to Publick Sale by the East India Company, in order to ascertain the Value9according to which the Duties payable by Law are to be levied and collected, and such Articles are al; o9thereby frequently exposed to great Injury and Damage: And whereas it is rxpedient in order to remedy such9Inconvenience and Delay* that the Duties of Customs payable on such Goods should be ascertained without the fame being in future exposed to Publick Sale; Be it therefore enacted That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons who shall import, or bring into Great Britain from any Port or Place within the Lim 11 the Charters granted to the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies any of the Atuoes before-mentioned, or any Articles whatever (not being prohibited to be used or consumed in Great Britain), on which the Duties of Customs are now chargeable according to the Value thereof, cither aaPrcfcnu or for private Use, ud not by way

of

Dulles shall not be payable on landing Gorxls which may by JL\w be

ware ho ufe\l.

Duties under this Act shall Iks paid on taking out Goods allowed to be delivered for Home Consump-ti<>ri; haviag I of e u warcboufed b»*f<re b Jnbf lb09-

Goods imported by the Kail Indio Company and warrhoused urxb r: \9G. 3. c. 59. and Prize Good* warehoused under 43 G. 3. c. J34. fraudulently removed, shall be forfeited.

Valtfe of East India Goods imported by the Company shall be ascertained by the grids Price at their Sales. [AVe §21. as to private Importation. J

Persons bringing Goods, from the limits of the East India Company's Trade, as Preitnts, of for private lTfe, may. enter them, and the Value shall he afc'-rtained by Dee'a rat ion as iq cafto* Goods not imported by th» Company.

[.Sc* §20.]

784

AfirrVu* Ratification oi a Primitive Treaty of Peace, luift ttdra Company no a) fell for Home Consumption r>r Ksporia-lion htdia Silk |I; tm»ketchief* subject so Dmie»

wilder this Act.

1.imitation of the Quantity for Three \ears.

Xflre Bounty hr allowed on Kxponation of Supar, if refined trow Su^jr imported by ti>e East India employ as if from British

Plant* : ioa

£u; pxr.

Where Good* are eharcraMe according to the Value, it dial I he jcontidered ou Importation as at thjt Port of Importation, which ftudl be ascertained according to 57 G.d. c. in.

§ I7, i8. and if not truly valued they may be detained; (Are $ 18. 31, 25. OS

t<> Enji India .Goods. J

On Exportation thr Value shall be remfidcred a* at the P*rt of t\|*onation, ic. &t> twder 57 c*. a. c. 13. % 1*.

C. 98. 49° GEORGII III. A.D. 1809.

of Merchandize, to enter the fame with the proper Officer* of His Majesty's Customs, such Good* haring been first lodged and housed in Warehousts according to Law, and that the Value of such Goods according to which the Duties of Customs are due and payable, shall be ascertained according to the Declaration of the Value thereof, to be made by the Owner or Proprietor, or his known Agent, in the like Manner and Forjn, and under all the Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, and subj.stand liable to such and the like Forfeitures and Penalties as are prescribed, directed, and imposed, with respect to Goods not imported by the East India Company, and cn which the Duties of Customs are payable according to the Value thereof.

4' Goods for private Use, &c. on which Duties have not been paid, may be entered, and Value ascertained,

although imported before July 5, 1809 5 Proof being given that they were for private Use. §1l.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That from ini after the Termination of the War by the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, it shall and may be lawful for the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, to expose to Sale either for the Purpose of bring worn or used in Great Britain, or for Exportation, any Silk Handkerchiefs of the Manufacture of Perfta, China, or the East Indies, that shall have been or may thereafter be secured in the Warehouses of the said United Company, subject neverthelessi to the Duties by this Act imposed, or which may hereafter be imposed thereon; and all such Silk Handkerchiefs on which such Duties shall have been duly paid, shall and may be worn or used in Great Britain or sold orrxposed to Sale therein, and shall not be subject to Seizure or Forfeiture, nor (hill the Prrion or Per Tons who shall wear or wfe the fame, or who shall sell or expose to Sale the fame, or have the fame in his, her, or their Custody or PoflVflwn, be liable to any Penalty or Penalties, or Fine or Fme3 whatever on account thereof, any Law, Cuilom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That for the Space of Three Years from and after the said Ratification, the said United Company shall not, in any One Year, sell or expose to Sale a greater Quantity of such Silk Handkerchiefs than Fifty thousand Pieces, and that such Fifty thousand Pieces shall be of the usual Length, and of the Sort9 that shall bave been usually exposed to Sale.

XXV. 4 And Whereas certain Bounties are allowed on the Exportation of Refined Sugar, produced from Raw Sugar imported from the British Plantations in America: And Whereas it is expedient that the like Bounties should be allowed on the Exportation of Refined Sugar produced from Sugar imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies; Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine, there shall be paid and allowed on the Exportation of Refined Sugar produced from Sugar imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, the like Bounty as is now or hereafter may be allowed by Law on the Exportation of the like Sort or Description of Refined Sugar, produced from Raw Sugar imported from the British Plantations in America, subject in every Respect to the Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Rellriftoni, Penalties, and Forfeitures, now by Law practised and applied with respect to the Bounty allowed oa the Exportation of Refined Sugar.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where by the Schedule and Tables hereunto annexed the Duties of Customs by this Act imposed upon the Importation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize into Great Britain, are charged, not according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge, or Measure, but according to the Value thereof, such Value shall be taken and considered as the same shall be at the Port of Importation, without any Abatement or Deduction whatever, except of so much as the Duties payable on the Importation thereof by this Act shall amount to, and that such Value shall be ascertained (except as in this Act is provided) by the Declaration of the Importer or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize so imported, or of his known Agent or Factor, in the Manner and Form, and under all the Rules and Regulations, and subject to the Rules and Regulations, and subject to the fame Forfeitures and Penalties, as are prescribed, directed, and imposed for ascertaining and colliding Duties to be paid according to the Value thereof, by an Act passed in the Twenty-fereuth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties compofng the Publick Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, JVares, and Merchandise, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom: and for applying certain unclaimed Monies remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives to the Reduction of the National Debt, and in case such Goods, Ware?, , or Merchandize, shall not be valued according to the true and real Value thereof, and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, then it shall be lawful for the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs to cause the same to be detained, and the said Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall be dealt with, and the proper Officers of the Customs shall proceed in every Respect in the Manner prescribed in such Case by the said recited Act.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where, by the Schedule annexed marked A. the Duties of Customs by this Act imposed upon the Exportation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize from Great Britain, and charged, not according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge, or Measure, but according to the Value thereof, such Value shall be taken and considered as the same shall be at the Port of Exportation, without any Deduction or Abatement whatever, except of so much as the Duties of Cutioms paid or payable thereon at the Time of the Entry of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize shall amount to, and that such Value shall be ascertained (except as in this Act is provided) by the Declaration of the Exporter or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, or of his known Agent or Factor, in the Manner and Form, and under all the Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, and subject to the fame Forfeitures and Penalties as are prescribed, dirtfted, and imposed for ascertaining andcolltfting the Duties to be paid according to the Value thereof, by the said recited Act passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and in case any Goods, Wares, qt Merchandize shall not be yalued according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Aftj then it shall be lawful

A.D. 1809. 49 GEORGII III. C. 98. 785

for the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs to canfe the same to be detained, and the said Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall be dealt with, and the proper Officers of the Customs shall proceed in every Respect except as herein after is provided, in the Manner prescribed in such Case by the said recited Act.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, In case Goods he fat j.-cl to Duty on Exportation by this Act, according to the Value thereof, shall on Examination by the proper undervalued the Officers of the Customs, be found to be under-valued, and shall on that Account be detained, the Exporter or ^porter ^1, c Proprietor shall in such Case be paid the Value of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, according to the she Declaration made on the Entry thereof for Exportation, together with the Amount of the Customs paid thereon, mJuie on Entry, at the Time of the Entry thereof, without any further Allowance whatever; any Thiner in the said recited Act and thrGoods pafl*ed in the Twenty seventh Year of His present Majesty, or in any other Act or A6fo of Parliament to the detained, contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if at the Time of making the Entry for the Exportation of any If on making Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain, on which the Entry of British Duties of Customs by this Act granted, are charged in the Schedule hereunto annexed marked (A ), according Goods for

to the Value thereof, the Exporter or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, so entered for ^l\Clueranvo

Exportation, his known Agent or Factor shall not be able to ascertain the true and real Value thereof, it shall i, e

be lawful for the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at the Port of Exportation, to permit such Exporter Exportation may

or Proprietor, Agent or Fadlor, to ship or export such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, upon making Oath that l>-permitted on such real Value cannot be ascertained, and upon Bond being given either by the Exporter or Proprietor of such Gath of i he Fa ft,

Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or by the known Agent or Fa6tor of such Exporter or Proprietor, to His; ^.nthc1'

Majesty, His Heirs and Succefiars, with one sufficient Surety in Treble the Amount of the suppoftd or tftimated

Duty on the Value of such Goods, Wzres, or Merchandize, conditioned for the Payment of the Duties hereby

imposed, within Three Months, and according to the true and real Value thereof, and for producing the Invoice

and Bills of Parcels, or such other Documents as shall be required by the Coiltdlor and Comptroller of the

Customs at the Port of Exportation, in case the Prodi: 6bon thereof shall be thought necessary by such Officers of the Customs, for the Purpose of ascertaining the true and real Value of such Goods, Wares, or Merchand zc,

so cxDorted as aforesaid.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That upon the Exportation of all Goods, Wares, T)w Entry il.al! and Merchandize, of which the leal Value cannot be fcfccrtained, and in Cases where the Duties are allowed hatewh<theruie to he secured by Bond as aforesaid, the Name of the ?6lual and real Exporter, whether such Exporter shall be BxP°ncT»

the Proprietor or the Agent or F; i£t >r of the Proprietor, shall be declared in the Entry, together with the A^'*l^rc°r Name of the Agent or Fa6lir making the Entry, and giving such Bond, and the Declaration of the Value of 0*

such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, according to which the Duties shall be ascertained and paid, and the Bond cancelled, shall in all such Cases be signed by such actual and real Exporter, and not by any Clerk, Agent, or Broker, of such Exporter.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Exporter of any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, Penalty of true entered for Exportation, shall knowingly and fraudulently make any false Deciuration of the Value of any such Value for making Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, after the same shall have been allowed to be shipped for Exportation, every such a Declara-Exporter shall for every such Offence forfeit a Sum equal to the true and real Value of all such Goods, Wares, tlyn*

or Merchandize.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize upon which Duties Commiflkmmof

of Customs are hereby imposed, shall be detained by any Officer of the Customs on account of the fame not being tin* Customs may valued according to the true and rial Value thereof, and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, Goods

it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England for the Time being, or

any Four or more of them, and the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in Scotland for the Time being, or bcckUvmd* &c.

any Three or more of them, upon Proof being made to their Satisfaction that no Fraud was intended, to dirt 61 on Proof that the Goods to be delivered, and the Entry to be amended, upon such Terms and Conditions aa under the Cir- >o Fraud was

cumstances of the Case shall appear to the said Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively '"tended.

to be reasonable, and as they shall think fit to direct: Provided always, that if the Importer, Exporter, or Proprietor shall

Proprietor of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall accept the Terms or Conditions prescribed by not have the said Commissioners of the Customs respectively, such Importer, Exporter, or Proprietor shall not

have or be entitled to any Recompence or Damage, on account of the Detention of such Goods, Wares, or

Merchandize, or have or maintain any Action whatever for the fame; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the

contrary notwithstanding.

" Recital of 43 G. 3. c. ij6. for enabling the Treasury to purchase the Prisage and Butlerage of Wines; and " 46 G. 3. c. 79. confirming an Agreement for purchase thereof in certain Ports from the Duke of Grafton.

H All Monies on account of Prisage and Butlerage of Wine received since July 5, iSo€, shall be paid over to the Collector of the Customs.^33. Produce of Composition for Prisage received since 5 July 1806, shall be paid in like Manner. §34.

XXXV. And be it further en2&ed, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred After 5 July and nine, no Wine of any Sort shall be admitted to Entry for Prisage either in the Port of London or either of j*oq. no Wim» those P#Rsin England where the Right of Prisage has been so purchased as aforesaid, but that Wine imported ftaHhrailmiti*4 into London, or either of the said Porta, shall from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine, be subject and liable to the Duties of Customs, and no other, as in Cases of regular bm

Importation, as the fame arc described and set forth in Figures in the Schedule to this Act annexed, shall j»a> Duties marked (A). of regular

4y Geo. III. 5 I XXXVI.

After 5 July 1*>09, Bwtlci.rre Duty shall t ealc.

On Entry of Blubber ami Oil, &.«. as imported iu British Slups and talern by IVttifii Subjnflsj Oath shall be made of the 'Y*Cls, &c.

On Entry of

Blubber and Oil, &c. as of the British biflury of Newfoundland, &. c. the Mailer shall produce a Certiticate from the Officer of C'ustoms, Kc. at the Port in the Colony, and make Oath of tire Factij &c.

FWeino*«oods

exported uih! r< -in: |>oM<d, ft.all h< 11 e ject to

Duty.

C4 G. c. 51. ycijn'u u.; tert ideate on f ntry of Vritish Colonial I'm ami Pearl

Allies, repealed.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundretf and nine, the Duty called Butlerage, and the Money formerly received by any or either of the Deputies of the said Duke of GraJ'ion, or any other Person for him or them under the Denomination of Competition, shall ccife, determine, and be no longer due and payable.

XXXVII. And be it further enadDd, That before any Blubber, Train Oil, or Spermaceti Oil, or Head Mattir, 01 Whale Fins, imported into Great Britain, as being the Produce of Fish, or Creatures living in the Sea, taken and caught by the Crew of a British-built S tip or Vessel wholly owned by His Majesty's Subjeffi, usually residing in Great Britain, Ireland, or the Islands of Guernsey. Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, registered and navigated according to Law, shall be admitted to Entry on Payment of the Duty by this Act impokd on such Blubber, Train Oil, Spermaceti Oil, Head Matter, or Whale Fins rtfptft vely when imported in Lib Shipping, the Mailer or other lVrfon having or taking the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel in or on board of which the said Articles shall be imported, shall make Oath before the Collector or Comptroller, orothrr Chief Officer of the Customs at the Port in Great Britain info which the same shall be 'mported, who isbireby authorized and required to admiuiitcr the fame, that the fame was or wrre bend fde the Produce of Fish cr Creatures living in the Sea, a&tiahy tak n and caught by the Crew of any such Ship or Vtfieri; and the Importer, or Proprietor, or Consignee of such Blubber, Tram Oil, Spermaceti Oil, or Head Matter, or Whale F: ns, shall also m?.ke Oath before the Colhftiror Comptroller, or other Chief Officer of the Cullcms. (who are hereby authorised and required to adrruniller such Oath, ) at the Time of the Entry, that to the bed of hi? cr their Knowledge and Btli.f the Articles f» imported were bondfde the Produce ol F: lh, or Creature* living in the Sea, actually taken and caught by the Crew of a British built Ship or VefFei. wholly owned by H'S Majesty's Subj^fti usually residing in Great Britain, Ireland, a the Blands of Guernsey, Jerfy, Alderney, Sark, or Mm, registered and navigated according to Law; on Failure whereof the Ltd Articles fh:)l be deemed and taken to be of Foreign F (hing, and charged with the Duty imposed by this Act on such Articles of Foreign Fishtry.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That before any Blubber, Tram Oil, or Spermaceti Oil, Head Matter, or Whale Fins, imported into Great Britain as being taken and caught on the Banks and Shores of Artifcumlknd and Parts adjacent, wholly by His Majesty's Subjects carrying on such Fishery from that Island, and refid-ng therein, or as being actually taken and caught wholly by His Majesty's Sobjrfts usually redding in any Bnhjh Colony or Plantation in North America, or usually nliding in any other Briefb Colony, P'antation, Territory, or Settlement, ffiajl be admitted to Entry on Payment of the Duty by this Act impofid on such Blubber* Train O 1, Spermaceti Oil, Head Matter, or Whale Fins resptft: vtly, when imported in a British*built Shipor Vvflel, registered and navigated according to Law, the Mailer or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of the Ship or YMfcl in which the same shall be imported, Hull produce and deliver to the Colkdor or other Chief Officer of the Customs of the Port of Importation, a Certificate under the Hand ard Seal of the Colkdor or other Chief Officer of the Customs of the Port or Place in the Colony, Plantation, Territory, or Settlement where the Articles shall have been taken on board; or if no such Officer shall be rdiding there, then a Certificate shall be produced under the Hand and Seal of the G overnor, or in his Absence under the Hand and Seal of the Deputy-Governor, of such Colony, Plantation, Territory, or Settlement, tell dying that Oath had been made before him (who is hereby authorized and required in such Case to administer the Lme, and to grant such Certificate) by the M liter of the Ship from which the Blubber, Train Oil, Spermaceti Od, Head Muter, or Whale Fins mentioned in such Certificate, had been landed in such Co'onv, Plantation, Territory, or Settlement; that the fame was or were really avd bond fde the Produce of Fish or Creatures living in the Sea, tftuilly caught and t?iken wholly by His MajdTy's Sr.bj fts carrying on such Fishery, and usually residing in such Colony, Plantation, Territory, or Settlement; and the Maker or other Pcion having or taking the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel in which the Blubber, Train Oil, Spermaceti 0*1, Head Matter, or Whale Fins shall be so imported into Great Britain, shall make 03th before such Coll-ft ir or other Gntf Officer at the Port of Importation (who is hereby authorized ard required to admiuiihr the fame) that the Blubber, Train Oil, Spermaceti Oil, Head Matter, or Whale Fins so imported are the fame n3 mentioned and referred to in the said Certificate, and the Importer or Importers, Consignee or Consignees of such Articles respect vdy, shall also make Onh before the Collector or Comptroller, or other proper Officer of the Cullcmi (who are hereby authorized and required to administer such Oath) at the Tim- of the Entry, that to the b-lfc <*f his or their Knowledge and Belief the Articles io imported were rft.ully caught and taken by British Subjr ft usually residing in such Colony, Plantation, Territory, or Settlement, as the Case maybe, 3rd on Failure of Inch Certificate being produced, and Proof on Oath as aforesaid being made, the Articles (hdi b: defined and tnken to be of Foreign Fishing, and charged with the Duty by this Act imputed on such Articles o» F-'reurn Fifinny.

XXXIX. ' And Whereas Doubts have ariftn whether Foreign Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, which

have been rcgu'arly imported into Great Biitaln, and afterwards exported from glunce to Baits brvond

0 c S as, art upon Re-in pnrtation luhjcft to the Duties of Customs; Be it therefore declared a'nl dirtied, That all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, so returned into Great Britain, shall H fu'jrft and liable to t\J Iu : h Duties ot Customs as are by this Act granted upon Importation of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize.

XL. ' And Whereas by an Act passed in the Twenty fourth Year of His late Majesty Rin^r Gc-ry the

Second, intituled, An Act for the encouraging the making of Pet Ashes and Pearl Ashis in the Britt Ih PiontAtont

in America, certain Certificates and Oaths were required to be produced and made on the Entry of any Pot ' ard Pearl Allies of the Product and Manufacture of any of the British Colonies in America: And whrreai

the Prod" ft ion of such Certificates, and the requiring such Oaths, are no longer .nrcefiary; Be it therefore enacted, That the said recited Act shall be, from and after the said Fifth Day uf jfafy O.ie thousand eight hundred and nine, repealed.

XLL'A; J

e

A.D. 1809. 49° GEORGII III. C. 98. 787

XLT. 4 And Whereas it is expedient to encourage the Importation of Raw Linen Yarn into Great Britain/ During the War, He it therefore enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and l ine, and Faw Etnm Yarn during the Continuance of Hostilities, and until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of of*

Peace, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to import into Great Britain any Sort cf Raw a*'*

Linen Yam, in any Ship or VeflM belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, His Heirs Amity/ v.nfler or Succtflbrs, subject to such and the like Duties only as would have been due and oavable for such Raw Duties as in Linen Yam if the fame had been imported in a British-buih Ship or Vessel, owned, navigated, and registered lhrmA b!r«of. according to Law.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties of Customs by this Act imposed as shall ar: fe in Putus flvfll t>p

that Part of Great Britain culled England, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs UW*M' ^7C

in England for the Time being and Inch thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall T\aLr'nv., 77t ol f,> ,7 - _..'l -omnuiUmuTs 01

be under the Management of the Commulioners of the Cuiicms in Scotland for the lime b'-ing. Ctifloms.

XLIII. And be it further crust d, That the several Sums of Money respectively inserted, described, and frt ])u, usand forth, in Figures in the said Schedule and 'Fables hereunto anntird marked A.B. C. and D. as the D'itus of Drawlslrsmvlcr ^Customs, and the Drawbacks of the Duties of Customs upon, for, or in respect of the several Goods, Ware*?, this Act fl ail he or Merchandze specified therein, or as the Duties of CuAo.rs cn Sliios or Vessels according to the Tonnage l*W|«b thereof, may and shall rdpeftivdy be managed, afctrtainrd, ra.fed, 1 cvitd. collected, answered, paid, recovered, tonri*?r

and allowed, except where any Alteration is expressly made by this Act, in such and the like Manner, and by j)utk-.s the fame Mean*, Ways, or Methods, as former Duties of Customs and Drawbacks of Duties of Customs upon ht-xeby alu-jeJ. Goods, Wares, or Merchandize in general, and also by any such special Means, Ways, or Methods respectively, as former Duties of Customs and Drawbacks of Duties of Customs upon Good"', Wares, or Merchandize of the fame Sort9 or Kmds, or Duties on Ships or Vessels according to the Tonnage thereof resptft vtly, were or might be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, and allowed, and the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whereon Duths of C11 items are by this Act charged, and Drawbacks of Duties of Customs allowed as the same are respectively inserted, dtrfcnbed, and set so th in the said Schedule and Tables hereunto annexed, marked A.B. C. and D. upon the Importation thereof into, or Exportation thereof from Great Britain, or on any other Account whatever, and ah Ship3 and Vessels where* n any Duties are charged or payable according to the Tonnage thereof, shall be and the same are hereby made subj ft and liable to a 1 and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, R: strictuns, Seizures, and Forfeitures, to which Goods, Wares, or Merchandize in general, and also all and every the speual Conditions, Rules, Regulations,

Restrictions, Srizures, Sales, and Forfeitures respectively, to which the like Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or Ships or Vessels whereon any Duties are chargeable or payable according to the Tonnage thereof respectively, were subject and liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on and iir.mcdiattly before the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine, respecting the Revenue of Customs, or such Tonnage Duties as aforesaid, except where any A.teration is fxprtflsly made by this Act, and all Pains, Penalties, Fines, and Forfeitures of whatever Nature or Kind the fame may be, as well Pains of D*ath as ethers for any OHence whatever committed against or in breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the said Fifth Day of July O >e thousand eight hundred and nine, made for fecunng the Revenue of Culium3, or such Tonnage Duties as aforesaid, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Ciaufch,

Powers, Provisione, and Declarat ons contained in any such Act or Ad?, shall (unless where txpreiV.y altered by th'9 Act), and are htreby riirtftid and declared to extend to, and shall be resp'.ftive v applied, pr: .ftifed, a: d put in Execution for and in respect of the several Duties of Customs and Drawbacks of Duties of Customs herrby charged and allowed, in as full and ample Manner to all Intents and Purpolts whatever, -as if all and every the said A<5ls, Clauft?, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties, or Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and roenacted in the Body of this Act and made Part thereof.

XLIV. And be it further ennd d, That it shall be (awful for the Commissioner* of His Majesty's Customs in Cornmiftonm England for the Time being-, or any Four or more of than, and the Commissioners of Ha M-ijftty's Customs ol'Curtom* in Scotland for the Time being, or any Three or mrre of them, finally to settle and close the Accounts of any Collectors or Receivers of soiv Part of the Revenue of Customs, or other Duties under their Management, not-Account of

withstanding any erroneous A pplication of any Duties of Customs received by them; and the said Commission era Collectors, i^c. arc- hereby respectively empowered ro correct such Application, in order to prevent the Accounts of any such Collectors or Receive!s from being kept open, unsettled, and unliquidated; and a'i such Corrections shall and are hereby diieded to be allowed by the Commissioners for better examining and auditing tlu Pubflck Accounts of the Kingdom, in the passing the general Account of Customs, Subsidits, or Impoliuon*.

41 Duties of Customs received after j July 1R09, though the Amount may have become due and been com*

0 puted, or freured by Bond before that Time, shall be applied in like Manner as t; .c Duties by this Act 4' granted, except otherwise provided. And Drawbacks paid in like Mai 11 r. § j

XLVI. And be it further ena£Ud, That all the Monies arising by the I)utic % of Customs impofol by this r.miar^nt Act, described in the Schedule and Tables hereunto annexed, marked A. 13. C. and I), under the IT.ai of Biuics fl.aii He Permanent Duties (the ntctlTary Charges of raising and eccoui tii g for the fame excepted) ihuli fr.ur. ihirie to ', liri, i) r"' rl'une be pa dnto the Receipt of His Maj -fly's Exchequer, and br carried to and made Part ot ihe Conf.flidc.ted j v.^J Fund of Great Britain, except as by this Act\ is Ipeciaily provide.I, and ih11 be appropriated in iike Manner and to the lame Services as the Permanent Duties hereby repealed would have been it this Act had not been passed.

XLVII.*And Whereas by divers Acts for granting several of the Duties berebv repealed, it is provided,

that during the Spsce of Ten Years then next entiling, there- should be provided and krpt 111 the Oil ice of the Auditor of the Receipt ox the Exchequer, a Bc; ok or JDcks in which all the Menita arrbng from tnr laid

5 1 2

rwipcetlNC

Account of Permanent Duties lVia.ll be kept frparate, according to Directions of the Treasury, and laid bef ore Parliament with the Acrounts required by 4 iG. 3. c. 70.

105, 000l. efll-mated Increase cf Permanent Duties dee most an Addition to the Revenue, applicable to Services of 1609.

Treasury shall rause an Act outit 1o be kept of what the Hereditary Revenue of the Crown would have produced if not blended with other Duties* and to l)o k>id before Parliament with tho Accounts required by 42 G. 3. C. 70.

Hereditary R< venue in Scotland shall nor he altered. [.See 1 O.i).

§».]

47 o. a. ft. j.

c. 43.

C. 98. 49° GEORGII III. A.D. 1809.

respective Dutiet should, together with such other Duties as were respectively granted for the Purpose of

making permanent Additions to the Publick Revenue, and of defraying any Charges occailontd by certain Loans made, and Stocks created by the Authority of Parliament, be entered, separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever: And whereas it is expedient, that the Permanent Duties by this Act granted and described as Permanent Duties*

except where special Provision is otherwise made by this Act, should be entered in one Account, but that Provision should nevertheless be hereby made for ascertaining the Produce of such several Grants of Duties for the Remainder of such respective Periods Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine, the Duties of Customs and Tonnage granted by this Act 21 Permanent Duties, except as by this A<& is otherwise specially provided, shall be entered together io one Account, and that from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine, the Lord High Treasurer, or Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them for the Time being, shall, for and during the Remainder of the respective Periods of Ten Years to be computed from the Time of granting such of the said Duties as aforesaid, as were so directed to be entered separately as aforesaid, canfe ftparate and dillinft Accounts of what such Duties would have amounted to, in case the fame had not beca and were not respectively hereby consolidated and collected with other Duties of Customs and Tonnage, to be made out in such Manner and Form as shall appear to the Lord High Treasurer, or the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, btift adapted to ascertain such Amounts respectively, which Accounts the said Lord H; gh Treasurer, or Lords Commissioners for the Time being, are hereby required to cause to be laid before Parliament, together with the Publick Accounts directed to be laid before Parliament* pursuant to the Provisions of the said recited Act passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of H a present Majesty aforesaid, intituled, An Act for dire fling certain Publick Accounts to be laid annually before Parliament, and for discontinuing certain other Forms of Account now in Use.

XLVIII. 4 And Whereas in the Consolidation of the Duties of Customs on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, under thiB Ad, such Duties are in various Instances increased, be it therefore enacted, That of the Monies arising or to arise out of such Increase of the Duties hereby granted, and which Duties are denominated and described in the Schedule anti Tables hereunto annexed, marked A.B. C. and D. under the Title of Per* manent Duties, the Sum of One hundred and five thousand Pounds, being the estimated Produce of such Increase, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan made or to be made by virtue of any Act or Acts passed or to be passed in this SciHon of Parliament.

XLIX. 4 And Whereas by the Consolidation of the different Branches of the Publick Revenue, and of the several Duties payable on the Importation and Exportation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and the

Appropriation thereof, as directed by the said recited Act of the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty'*

Reign and subsequent Acts, the Hereditary and Temporary Revenues of the Crown of Subsidie9 of Tonnage and Poundage, and of nher Duties upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, are not now kept diflird and separate at the several Offices, but have become blended with other Duties of Customs and Tonnage, both in the Collection and Appropriation thereof: And whereas it is expedient that Provision should be made for ascertaining the annual Amount of what such Hereditary Revenues would have produced in case the fame had not been so consolidated, and that an Account should hereafter be kept of such annual Amount; Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine, the Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time bcHg, or any Tnreeor more of them, shall cause to be prepared and kept, an Account of what such Hereditary Revenue would hays amounted to in case the fame had not been and was not hereby consolidated and collected with other Duties cf C istoms and Tonnage in the Colletlion and Appropriation thereof, in such Manner and Form as shall appear to the Lord High Treasurer, or the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, best adapted to ascertain such Amount, which Account the Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners for the Tim^ being are hereby required to make out, or cause to be rr.ade out and laid before Parliament, together with the Publick Accounts directed to be laid before Parliament pursuant to the Provisions of an Act passed in the Forty-frcond Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for directing certain Publick Accounts to be laid annually before Parliament, and for discontinuing certain other Forms of Account now in Use.

L. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be conftmed to extend to or alter the Hereditary Revenue of His Maj.-tty, His Heirs and Successors in Scotland, or other Revenues there granted to His late Majesty King George the Second during His Life, and reserved to His prrient Majesty during H'S Life by ?n Act made in the Fir It Year of His Majesty's Reign; but the iarae and the Civil Establishment payable out of the same shall continue to be paid in like Manner as huetotorc; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LI. 4 And Whereas by an Act passed in the Fortyseventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled, An Act for charging the Sum of Twelve Aliliions, Part of the Loan of Twelve millions two hundred Owufand Pounds, raised for tlx Service of Great Britain for the h ear One ihoujand eight hundred and fever., upon f the Duties of Customs and Excise granted to His Mafcjly during the Continuance of the present I Far, and for certain Periods after the Ratification of a Definitive 'Treaty cf Peace; and for providing a Sinking Fund for the Redempim of the Stocks or Funds thereby created, in order to defray the Charge of Twelve millions Part of the Loan lor the Service of the then Year, it was directed that the annual Sum of One million two hundred thousand Pounds should be during the Continuance of the present War, and until Six Months after the Ratification of a 4 Definitive Treaty of Peace set apart, and impropriated to the Consolidated Fund out of the Produce of the Duties of Customs and Excise granted to His Majesty during the Continuance of the War, and until certain Periods after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty ot Peace; Be it therefore enacted, Thu the Duties of

6 Cu'.turns

Customs described in the Schedule and Tables hereunto annexed, marked C. and D. under the Head of

" Temporary or War Duties/' shall be chargeable with the fame annual Sum of One million two hundred thousand Pounds in like Manner, in the same Proportion, and for the like Period, and under the fame Rrgu'ationa and Provisions in all Respects, as the Duties of Customs in the said last recited Act mentioned, which are hereby repealed, and all the Provisions contained in the said last recited Act with resptft to the Duties of Customs hereby repealed shall be in force, and applied to the Duties of Customs described as last aforesaid, under the Head Temporary or War Duties."

LII. And be it further enacted, That the Monies arising by the Duties of Customs described in the Schedule and Tables hereunto annexed, marked A.B. C* and D, under the Head of Temporary or War Duties, " (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted.) shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the Publick Revenues, and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of the Exchequer, a Book or Books in which all the Monies arising from the said respective Duties, and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and SucctiTors, upon any Account whatever, and the said Monies so paid into the said Receipt (subject to the Appropriation directed by the said taft recited Act of the FortyTeventh Year aforesaid, with respect to the Duties therein mentioned and hereby repealed, as is herein before mentioned) shall, from Time to Time, as the same shall be paid into the said Receipt, be issued and applied to such Services as shall then have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this present Session of Parliament, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and nine, or shall be voted for the Service of any subsequent Year, ani the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or at.7 Three or more of them, are hereby authorized to issue and apply the fame accordingly.

LIII. And be it further enact d, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Three Calendar Months next after the Fast committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County or Place where the Cause of Complaint did aviie. and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and if the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs^ and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant had in other Cases to recover Costa by Law.

Act may be altered, or repealed this Session. §5^.

Temporary or War Duties chargeable with the animal Sum of 1, 200, 0001. tinder recited A6L [6Ye also 49 G. 3. c. 92.

Account of Temporary or War Duties shall be kept ferrate, and applied in aid of the Service* for I09, and Tub-ftqucnl Years.

Limitation of Anions,

'Ihrec Months

Defendant may plead General Issue,

Treble Costa,

SCHEDULE

790 C. 98

A.D. 1809.

490 GEORGII IK.

SCHEDULE and TABLES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

A SCHEDULE of the DUTIES of CUSTOMS payable on the Importation inte Great Britain of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein enumerated or described, and of the Drawbacks to be allowed on die Exportation thereof from Great Britain;

ALSO,

Of the Duties of Customs payable on the Exportation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize from Great Britain;

' LIKEWISE,

Of the Duties of Customs payable on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize brought or carried Coastwtse or from one Port or Place to any other Port or Place v ithin Great Britain, and of the Drawbacks to be allowed oil the Exportation thereof from Great Britain.;

AND ALSO,

Of the Tonnage Duties of Customs payable on Ships or Vessels entering Inwards or Outwards in Great Britain, from or to Foreign Parts.

1 TVTVU A DDO Permanent. Temporary

IN A KJUo. Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

A. Acacia, the lb. -e s. d. 0 14 £ 4. d. 0 0 10 £ s. d. 005

Acetofella Sal, See Sal. Acorus, the lb. - - 0 0 0 6 ci-ct- 003 0 0 i£

Adianthum, the lb. - 003 00 ii

Agaric, the cwt. 140 — 080

Agates, viz. — - polished or otherwise manufactured, for every ^100 of the Value - - u» ^1 M O O 12 10 0

- rough or unmanufactured, for every £100 of the Value - 20 O O 13 6 8 6 13 4

Alderney, island of, See Guernsey. Ale, See Deer. Alkali, .not otherwise enumerated or described, for every £ 100 of the Value 20 0 0 13 6 8 6 13 4

Alkanet Root, the lb. Alkekengi Baccx, the lb. 0 0 6 004 0 0 2

0 0 6 004 OOl

Aikermes, viz, — Confe<tio, the oa. OIO 008 1004

- Syrup, the lb. ... Almond Peste, for every £*Ioo of the Value 0 16 37 10 0 010 I 0 0 6 12 10 0

Almonds, viz, Bitter, the cwt. — Jordan, the cwt. ... of any other Sort, the cwt. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Almonds of all Sorts may be secured in Ware* 100 300 1 10 0 0 13 4 200 100 1 , 068 1 1 0 0 0 10

SCHEDULE (A.) -INWARDS.

Almonds, continued.

houfss without Payment of Duty, Set 43 Geo. 3. cap.132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 5. cap. 126.

- Oil of, See Oil.

Aloes, viz.

- Socotorina, imported direP, ly from the Place of their

Growth, the lb.

- not imported directly from the Place of their Growth, the lb.

--of any other Sort, the lb.

Alum, the cwt.

- Plume, the lb.

- Roch, the cwt.» —

Amber, viz.

- Beads, See Beads.

- Oil of, See Oil.

- Rough, the lb.

- not otherwise enumerated or described, for every iool.

of the Value -

Ambergris, the oz.

Ambra Liquida, the lb.

AmmiSeed, See Seed.

Ammoniacum, viz.

- Gum, See Gam Ammoniacus.

- Sal, See Sal Ammoniacus.

Anacardium, the lb.

Anchor Stocks, See Wood.

Anchovies, the lb.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Anchovies may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and

48 Geo 3. cap. 126.

Angelica, the lb. - - m

Angultune Cortex, See Cortex,

Animi Gum, See Gum.

Aniseed, See Seed.

- Oil of, See Oil.

Annotto, the cwt.

Antimonium, viz.

- Crudum, the cwt.

- Preparatum or Stibium, tlielb.

Apples, the Bushel -

- disguised, the Bushel -

Aquafortis, the cwt.

Arabic Gum, See Gum.

Arangces, imported from Europe under Licence for Exportation to Africa, for every iool. of the Value -

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Arangoes may be so imported, Set 5 Geo. 3. cap. 30.

Archclia, See Orcbelia.

Argol, the cwt.

Ariilolochio, the lb.

Arquebusade, See Spirits.

Arrow Root, or Powder, the lb.

- the Produce of any of the British Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, the ib.

Arfenie, the cwt.

Permanent.

Duty. Drawback.

£ t. d.

x 6

° 3 o o O II

a o

0 7

a I

37 o 030 036

o 1 3

o o 4-J

006

SOO

030 0 0 6

0 0 3

o O I I 090

£ /. d.

o

o

o

o

o

2 o

o 6

7 4

o 2

4 8

008

2S

o

o

Temporary

or

War Duty.

o o 10

003

004

£ /. d.

006

010

003 o 3 8

o o r

024

004

12 10 o 1 o 1

005 o o.

O O Z

o

o

o

o

o

6

i-

8

5

Q

O TS 4,

o/-t>

40 a. 0. c. 09.

o 1 o 002

001

o o o\

030

49° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1809.

C. 98.

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Afafcetida, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

- riot imported directly from the Place of its

Growth, thr lb, -

A fa rum Root, the lb.

Allies, viz,

- Fcchia, the cwt.

- Pearland Pot, imported in a British-built Ship, theewt.

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt,

- of the British Plantations in America, ami imported dire£Uy from thence, the cwt.

- Soap, Weed, and Wood, the cwt.

- not otherwise enumerated or described, for every

100l. of the Value -

Afpnaltus, the lb, -

AiTes, each -

Aurentiorum Cortex, See Limonum in Cortex. Auripigmentum, See Orpiment.

B.

Baccae Alkekengi, See Alkckengi Baccae.

Bacon or Hams, the cwt.

See the Note under the Head of Provisions,

Badger Skins, See Skins.

Balks, See Wood.

Balls, viz. Walking Balta, the lb.

Balm of Gilead, the lb.

Baltam, viz,

- Artificial, the lb.

- Canada, the lb.

- Copaiva or Capivi, the lb.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Balsam Capivi may be secured ia Warehouses without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132, 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87.46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

- Natural, the lb.

- not otherwise enumerated or described, for every

iool, of the value Baluftia, the lb.

Banditring Twill, the dozen knots Barbadoes Tar, See Tar.

Barilla, imported in a British built Ship, the cwt.

1 not imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Barilla may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3.cap. 126. Bark, viz,

- Jesuits, See Cortex Peruvianus.

- Oak, the cwt -

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reflri£tiona under which Oak Bark may be imported on Payment of this Duty, See 12 Geo. 3. cap. 50. continued by subsequent Acts and by Geo. 5. cap. 85. further continued for Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

Black Oak, or Quercitron, for the Purpose of dying, imported from any Country, not in Europe, in Calks containing not leis than i5olbs. net, the cwt. - otherwise imported, for every tool.

oft he Value

Permanent, Temporary

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty,

£ /. d £ /. £ d.

0 06* O O O O

0 r 0 OO O O OO4

-1* 0 0 0 0 3 0 0

046 0 I 6

036 — 012

04- 0 — 0 1 4

010 — 004

0 i 0 — 0 0 4

20 0 0 13 6 8 6 13 4

006 004 002

2 2 0 0 14 0

2 17 6 — 0 19 2

0 I 0 004

030 0 c. 0 0 1 0

030 0 2 0 0 T 0

009 0 0 6 0 0 3

013 .0 0 10 0 0 5

026 Ol8 0 0 10

37 10 0 25 0 0 12 10 0

006 0 0 4? 0 0 2

030 0 2 0 0 1

0 8 6 058 0 2 10

090 058 03O

O 45

20 O

0 j

o 0

9 — 13 6 Y (

' SCHEDULE (A). — INWARDS.

Bark, continued.

- Red Mangrove imported in Calks containing net less than 1 $olbs. net, the cwt.

- otherwise imported, for every iool.

of the Value -

- not otherwise enumerated or described, for every iool.

of the Value -

Barley, See Corn.

- Hulled, See Pearl Barley.

Barras, Dutch, See Canvas in Linen.

Basket Rods, the Bundle, not exceeding Three Feet in Circumference at the Band

Baskets, viz.

- Hand Baskets, the Dozen

- 1 not otherwise enumerated or described, for every iool.

of the Value Basons of Marble, See Stones.

Bast Ropes, the cwt.

Bast or Straw Hats or Bonnets, See Hats.

- w — -r- Platting or other Manufacture of Bast or

Straw for making Hats or Bonnets, See Platting*

Batten Ends, 7 c xxr,

Batten, \S"Wood-Battery, the cwt. m

Bay Berries, See Berries.

Bay, Oil of, See Oil.

Bay, or Myrtle Wax, See Wax.

Bay Yam, See Woollen Yarn in Yarn.

Bdellium, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

- not imported directly from the Place of its Growth,

the lb.

Beads, viz,

- Amber Beads, the lb.

- Coral Beads, the lb.

- Crystal Beads, the 1000

Jet Beads, the lb.

- not otherwise enumerated or described, for every iool. of the Value -

Beans, See Com.

- Kidney pr French Beans, the Bnlhel

See the Note under the Head of Provisions.

Bear Skins, 1 o 01

BcayerSkins.j ^Sk, M- — Wool, See Wool.

Bed Feathers, See Feathers for Beds, in Feathers.

Beds, See Feather Beds.

Beech Boards,>

- Plank, > See Wood.

- Quarters, j Beef, viz.

- from the Isle of Man, See Man, Isle of.

- whether salted or otherwise. See the Note under the

Head of Provisions.

Beer or Bigg, See Cora.

Beer, viz.

- Mum, the Barrel containing 3a Gallons

--Spruce Beer, the Barrel containing 32 Gallons

- or Ale, of all other Sorts, the BarreT, containiug32 Gallons

Mum, Beer, and Ale, are subject also to a Duty of Excise.

Bees Wax, &*Wax.

Bell Metal, See Metal.

49 Geo. III. 5 K

Permanent.

Duty.

A /. d.

o o 4J

10 o o

37 io o

010 016 37 10 o

039

300

006

010

076

O IO 6 O 18 O OlO

37 10 o 006

o 14 o o 17 o 089

Drawback.

£ /.

13 6 8

25 o o

2 0 0

OO4

O08

o «; o

o is 8

O 12 O

O I 4

*s

094 OK 4 o 5 10

C. 98.

Temporary

or

War Duty.

A

d.

o o i| 6 ij 4

it 10 o

008

oof 12 10 o o I 3

X o o

0 0 2

OO4

0*6

0 3 4 060 o o S

It IO

0 0 2

O48

O Z 1\

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Belvedere Raiftns, See Raisins.

Benjamin, the lb. -

Bergamot, Efience of, See Efience.

Berries, viz,

- Bay, the cwt.

- Juniper, the cwt.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictiont tinder which Juniper Berries may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, S/e 43 Geo. 3. cap. 13a. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap.437. and48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

- Myrtle, thelb.

- Yellow, for Dyers Use, the cwt.

1 - for Dyers Use, not otherwise enumerated ordeferibed, the cwt.

- not for Dyers Use, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every 1001. of the Value -

Beflials, See Man, Isle of.

Bezoar Stones, the oz.

Bigg or Beer, See Corn.

Birds, viz, Singing Birds the Dozen Biscuit, See Bread.

Bitumen Judiacum, the lb.

Blacking, the cwt.

Bladders, the Dozen -

Blubber, See Train Oil in Oil.

Boards, See Wood.

Bole Armoniac or Armenian Bole, the cwt.

Bones of Cattle, for every iool. of the Value Bonnets, See Hats.

Books, viz,

- 1 bound, the cwt.

- unbound, the cwt.

Borax, viz,

- refined, the lb.

- unrefined or Tincal, the lb.

Botargo, the lb.

Bottles, viz,

- of Earth or Stone, the Dozen

- of Gfefs covered with Wicker, the Dozen Quarts — of Green or common Glass, full or empty, not of lets Content than One Pint, and not being Phials, the Dozen Quarts

- of Glass, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every 100L of the Value

Note. — Flasks in which Wine or Oil is imported are not subject to Duty.

Bowls or Buckets of Wood, the dozen Bowfpriu, See Mails in Wood.

Boxes, viz,

- Drefiing Boxes, for every iocl. of the Value

- Nest Boxes, the Gross, containing 12 dozen Nests, each

Nest containing 8 Boxes -

- Pill Boxes, the Gross, containing 12 dozen Nests, each

Neil containing Boxes

- Sand Bo.\es, the Gross, containing 12 dozen Boxes - — 1 Snuff Boxes, for every iool. of the Value — not otherwise enumerated or described, for avery iooL

of the Value

Box Wood, See Wood.

Bracelets or Necklaces of Glass, the Gross, containing 12 Bundles or Deckers, each Bundle or Decker containing 10 Necklaces

Brandy, See Spirits.

Permanent.

temporary

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

£ t. d. £ t. 4. £ /. II

0 t 0 QO O O O O

070 0 s 4

070 O48 0 a 4

O9Ai 0 0 3

O 18 0

0s 0 —

37 xo 0S 0 0

0 x 6, 0 X 0

0 5 0 —

0 0*0 0 4

2 5 0 —

0 0 3 0 0 2

0 s 0 0 3 4

20 0 03 6 8

4 2 0 —

3 1 6

0 X 0 —

0 0 4- 0 0 3

0 0 75

0 2 0 —

0 x3 9

0 5 0 —

72 0 0 —

0 X 3 —

37 10 0 -

017 6 0 XX 8

0 3 0 0 2 0 8

0 5 6 0 3

17 10 0

37 10 0

0 6 0 —

0 0 i[1060.

o 5

Xl 1090 0 6 0x8

00a

0 15 0 o 0 I

0 i 8

6 13 4

1 7 i

x96

004

o 0 0 0

008

0 4 7

0 x 8 24 0

o S

12 10*O 5 10

0 1

0 1 ! 12 1

XI f 0

o*

SCHEDULE (A). — INWARDS.

Bra ft, viz.

- 1 Manufactures of, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every loot, of the Value

- Old, See Shruff.

- Powder of, for Japanning, See Powder.

- Wire, See Wire.

Brazil.

- 1 Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, the Growth, Produce,

and Manufacture of Brazil, or any other Territories or Possessions of the Crown of Portugal in South America, which are not prohibited by Law from being imported from Foreign Countries, may be entered and landed on Payment of such Duties of Customs and Excise, and no higher, as are payable on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize of the hke Denomination or Description, upon their Importation into Great Britain, from any other foreign Country; and in Cases where differeat Duties are imposed upon Goods, Wares, or Merchandize of the like Denomination or Description imported from different foreign Countries, then upon Payment of the lowed Duties, which by Law are required to be paid on the Importation into Great Britain, of any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize from any other foreign Country; and where any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize are imported from Brazil, or any of the said Territories or Possessions, in a Ship or Vessel not being British built, owned, navigated, and registered according to Law, such Goods, Wares and Merchandize shall be subject and liable to the Duties due and payable on similar Articles when imported in such Ship from any other foreign Country.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which such Goods may be so imported and entered and landed. See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 11. and cap. 109.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which any of the Articles enumerated or described in the Table marked A. annexed to the Act of the 43 Geo. 3. cap. 13a. being of the Growth or Prodace of Brazil, or any other Territories or Possessions of the Crown of Portugal in South America, and imported directly from thence, may be secured in Warehouse* without Payment of Dcty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 13a. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. 48 Geo. 3. cap. 109. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. is6.

Brazil Wood, I»w

Brazilletto Wood, / See Wood'

Bread or Biscuit, the cwt.

See the Note under the Head of Corn. Bricks, the 1000 -

Brimstone, or Sulphur Vivum, viz.

- rough, imported in aBritish-

built Ship, the cwt.

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt.

' in Rolls, imported in a British-

built Ship, the cwt.

- not imported in aBri-

tish-built Ship, the cwt. - in Flowers, imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt. - not imported in a

British-built Ship, the cwt. 5K2

Permanent.

Duty.

£ s.

37<>

d\

026

40 14 ©

O96 O IO99 12 6 o 13 o o 15 o O IS 9

Drawback.

Temporary

or

War Duty.

d. I

is 10 o

094

064 064 084 084 0X0 0

o 10 o

0 o xo

048

03s 0 3 4 040 0 4 4

050

81

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Brimstone, or Sulphur Vivum, continued.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Re(lri£lion9 under which Brim Hone may be secured in approved*Places, without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46GC0. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

Briftlcs, viz.

- dreflfed, imported in a British-built Ship, the Dozen

lbs.

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the Dozen lbs.

- rough or undressed, imported in a British-built Ship,

the Dozen lbs.

- not imported in a British-built

Ship, the Dozen lbs.

For the Condition's, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Briltles undressed may be secured, in approved Place*, without Payment- of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137, and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

Broken Glass, See Glass.

Bronze Figures, for every iool. of the Value

Powder, See Powder.

Brooms, viz. Flag or Whisk Broom*, the Dozen -

Bruges Thread, See Thread.

Buck or Deer Skins, See Skin*.

Buckets of Wood, See Bowls.

Buffalo Hides, See Hide*.

- Horns, See Horns.

Bugle, viz.

- 1 great, the lb.

- lmail or Seed, the lb.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Bugles may be warehoused, on Importation, See 5 Geo. 3. cap. 30. great, to be warehoused, the Dozen lbs.

- small or Seed, to be warehoused, the Dozen lb*.

When taken out of such Warehouse to be used in Great Britain,

.. great, the lb.

lmail, or Seed, the lb.

Bullion and Foreign Coin of Gold or Silver Duty freo* Bull Ru(hes, the Load, containing 63 Bundles Bulls, See Cattle.

See also the Note under the Head of Provisions.

- Hides, See Hide*.

- Tails, See Tails.

Burgundy Pitch, See Pitch.

Burrachas, See India Rubber*.

Burrs for Mill atones, See Stones.

See also the Note under the Head of Guernsey. Butts or Figures of Marble or Stones, See Stone*.

- not otherwise enumerated or described

every ool. of the Value Butter, the cwt.

See the Note under the Head of Provision*.

for

C.

Cables tarred or untarred, whether in use or otherwise, the ewt. Cable Yarn, See Yarn.

Cajaputa, Oil of, See Oil.

Cake Lac, See Lac in Gum.

Cakes made of Lin feed, See Linseed Cakes,

- Rape Seed, See Rape Cakes.

Calabar Skins, See Squirrel Skin* in Skin#.

Permanent,

Duty.

/. d.

076

080

023

026

37 10 o 006

0 2 0 030

010

020

020 o % a

076

570 0 033

o ij 6

Drawback.

sS /. d.

Temporary

or

War Duty.

£ t. A

050

050

0x6

0x6

026 028 009 0 0 10

12 TO9092

0X4 0 2 0

0 0 8 O I

O94

008

o o 8 o 1 o

O s

12 JO*O I 1

0 4

v^»

A.D. 1809. 49° GEORGII III. C. 9R.

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. i ermanent. Temporary

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

Caliminarit Lapis, Set Lapis. Calamus Aromaticus, the lb. Caliivancet, the Bushel - See the Note under the Head of Provisions. Callicoes printed, painted, (lained, or dyed, imported from Europe under Licence for Exportation to Africa, for every ool. of the Value For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restri^tionfc under which such Callicoes may be so imported, Stc $ G. 3. cap. 30. Calve Skins, Set Skins. Calves, See Catt'e. See also the Note under the Head of Provisions. £ s. d. £ e. d £ ' d.

006 006 2100 004 0 0 2 092 of 16 8

Calves Velve6, the cwt. Cambogium, See Gamboge. t; Cambri- ks, See Linen. Camel Hair, See Hair. Camel or Mohair Yarn, See Yarn. 7 3 0 4 10 025

Camomile Flowers, the lb. Carr.phire, Ttz. - — — refined, imported directly from the Place of ks Growth, the lb. - - — not imported directly from the Place of its.Growth, the lb 003 0*3 026 002 0 0 I 005 0 0 10

Growth, the lb. - not imported dire£Uy from the Place of its 009 006 003

Growth, the lb. Cam Wood, See Wood. Canada Balsam, Ste Balsam. Canary Seed, See Seed. 0x6 010 006

Cancrorum Oculi, the lb. _ CaDdles, viz. r- Spermaceti, the lb. — Tallow, the «wt. — - Wax, the lb. Candlewick, the cwt. Cane Hats or Bonnets, See Hats. — Platting or other Manufacture of Cane to make Hats or Bonnets, See Platting. 009 016 200 016 2 16 c 006 003 006 0 13 4 006 08 8

Canella Alba, the lb. - Canes, 1 iz. Rattans, the 1000 - — - Need Canes, the 1000 - Walking, the 1000, Cans of Wood, the Dozen 0 6 1 1 6 0 1692100 01 3 004 0 14 4 Oil 2*'3 4 0 a 072 0 5 7.0 16 8 0 0 5

Cantharides, the lb. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Redactions under which Cantharides may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126. Canvass, See Linen. 0 2 0 0 x 4 008

Caper % the lb. 0 0 4i 003 0 0 ij

Capita Papaverum, the 1000 Caps, viz. — Cotton, for every iool. of the Value 023 54 0 0 016 009 18 0 0

Worded, for every iool. of the Value Carraway Seeds, See Seed 37o 0 — x 2 10 0

Cardamoms, the lb. - - Cards, viz Playing Cards the Dozen Packs Cariophyllorum Cortex, See Cortex Cariophylloides. — Oleum, See Oil of Cloves. Carmenia Wool* See Goat Hair in Hair. 1 013 2 xo 0 0 0 10 0 0 e 0 16 I

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Permanent.

Duty, Drawback.

Temporary

or

War Duty.

Carmine, the oz.

Carpets, viz.

- of Turkey, under Four Yardi square the Caipet

- Four Yards square and not exceeding Si* Yards square the Carpet -- exceeding Six Yards square the Carpet - For the Conditions, Regulation* and Restrictions, under which Turkey Carpets may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 13a. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

not otherwise enumerated or described, for every xool. of thf Value Canabe, See Succinym-

Carriages of all Sorts, for every xool. of the Value

Carrot Seed, \ c «A

Carthamus Seed, $ ee

Carui Oleum, See Oil of Galrraway.

Cashew Gum, See Gum.

- Nuts, See Nuts.

Casks, empty, the Tun, containing 25a Gallons Caiha Buds, the lb.

- Fiftula* the lb.

- Lignea, the lb.

- Oil of See Oil.

Castor, the lb.

- Oil of See Oil.

Catlings or Luteftriags, the Grofa, containing Twelve Dozen Knots -

Cat Skins, See Skins.

Cattle from the Isle of Man, See Man, Hie of.

See also the Note under the Head of Previsions. Caviare, the cwt.

Cayenne Pepper, See Pepper.

Chalk, for every xool. of the Value Charts, See Maps.

Cheese, the cwt.

See the Note under the Head of Provisions. Chemical Oil, See Oil.

Cherries, the cwt.

- dried, the lb.

Chesnuts, See Nuts.

Chimney Pieces ot Marble or Stone, sculptured, See Stones. China Root, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

- not imported directly from the Place of ks

Growth, the lb.

China Ware, or Porcelaine, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every 100L of the Value Chip Hats or Bonnets, See Hats.

Chip, Manufactures of, to make Hats or Bonnets, ^Flatting. Cider the Tun, containing 252 Gallons

Subiett also to a Duty of Excise.

Cinders the Chalder, containing 36 Bushela Winchester Measure -

Cinnabar, so* Vermilion.

Cinnabaris Nativa, the lb.

Cinnamon, viz.

- The Produce of and imported from any British Co-

lony or Plantation in America, the lb.

- .'imported under Licence, the lb.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Cinnamon may be so imported from any Place, See j Sc 4 Aon, cap. 4. 8 Ana. cap. 7. 6 Geo. I.

£ /.92

3 0 5

£ u d.

© 15 o

370 37

*5 o x o o

O X

03°

4

o 7 20 o

o 8

o0

o o

O I

50 0

7 10

o 13 o 1

O I

O s

6

o

9

6

4*

9

6

25 © o

008

9 © 4

oxo

020

2 8

00 6

o 1 o

3 o o

0 o 10

9 3 8

£ 1. I

9 o 10

050

I o 0 I*3 4

12 10 a 12 xo a

© S 004 ooa 006

0 x 0

0x4

o*6 6 13 4 O o II

o 2 10

o li

o 0 J o o 4 16 13 4

2 10

0 4 7 o o

1 1*

SCHEDULER.) — INWARDS.

Cinnamon, continued.

Cap. a 1. See also, 8 Geoi 1. cap. 18.1 continued by several Statutes, and by 43 Geo. 3. cap 29. furthencontinued to the 29th September 1809, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.*Cinnamoni Oleum, See Oil of Cinnamon.

Citron preferred with Salt, for every 100l. of the Value

—; - with Sugar, See Succadea.

Citron Water, See Spirits.

Civet, the oz.

Clap Boards, See Boards in Wood.

Clocks, for every tool, of the Value

Cloths, Woollen, See Woollen Cloths

Clover Seed, See Seed.

Cloves, vi %

- the Produce of and imported from any British Colony

or Plantation in America, the lb.

- imported under Licence, the lb.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Cloves may be so imported from any Place, See 3 & 4 Ann. cap. 4. 8 Ann, cap. 7. 6 Geo. x. cap. 22. Seealfo 8 Geo. 1. cap. 18. continued by several Statute*, and by 43 Geo. 3. cap. 29. further continued to the 29th September 1809, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

Coals, the O^alder, containing 36 Bushels Winchester Meafore4 Cobalt, for every 100l. of the Value

Cochineal, the lb.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Cochineal may be secured inWarehouses without Payment of Duty, <$>*43 Geo. 3. cap 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap.126.

- Duff, the lb.

Cocoa Nuts, the )b.

Subject also to a Duty of Excise.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reflri&ions underk which Cocoa Nuts may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. cap. 87. 46 Geo. j. cap. 137. 48 Geo. 3. cap. 120. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. X20.

Coculus indicus, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

- not imported dire£Uy from the Place of its

Growth, the lb.

Codilla of Flax, subject to Duty as Flax, for which. See Flax.

- of Hemp, subject to Duty as Hemp, for which, See

Hemp.

Coffee, the lb.

Subject also to a Duty of Excise.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Coffee may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. X37. 48 Geo. 3. cap. i*ot and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

Coin, oss.

- of Copper, See Copper.

- Foreign, of Gold or Silver, &r BuHion*

Cole Seed, Seed.

Colocrnth, See Coloquintida.

Colopnonia, See Rosin.

Coloquintida, or Colocynth, imported directly from tha Place'ot its Growth, the lb.

- ] not imported direct, from the

Place of its Growtny the lb. Colours for Painters, See Painters Colours*

Permanent.

Duty.

Drawback.

£ e. d.

37 10 o

030

£ e. d

25 o o

o 2

37 10 o —

0x6 o 36

180 20 © o 016

003

003

0x6

030

003

os o

a o

024

c. 98.

Temporary

or

War Duty.

£ e. eL

[Made papetualf 12 JO O c. 20.]

o i a

120 o

o a 6

012

13 6 8

008

© J 4

J fPerpetual, Jet Cinnamon.]

z , ? 4[S*49G.a.

6 4 c. 68.184.]

o o 4

00 1

00 1

006

0 a o

001

o 4

o c t

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Permanent.

Duty. Drawback.

the lb. m m £ /. d. 010

- m - a 1 6

Comfits, the lb Coney Skins, See Skins.

- Wool, See Wool.

Confe&io Alkermes, See Alkermes.

Contrayervce Lapis, See Lapis.

- Radix, See Radix.

Copaiba, or Capivi Balsam, See Balsam.

Copal Gum, See Gum.

Copper, viz.

- Ore, the cwt..-

- Oldj fit only to be re-manufactured, the cwt.

- in Plates and Copper Coin, theewt.

- unwrought, viz. fcopper in Bricks or Pigs, Rose Copper, and all Call Copper, the cwt.

- Part wrought, viz. Bars, Rods, or Icgots, ham*

mcred or raised, the cwt.

- Wire, See Wire.'

- Manufadurcs of Copper, not otherwise enumerated

or described, and Copper Plates engraved, for every 1001. of the Value*

An additional Duty is payable until the $th of April 1811, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, on Copper of the following Descriptions, viz.

Copper in Bricks or Pigs, Rose Copper, Cad Copper, Copper in Plates, Copper Coin, and Copper in Bars, Rods, or Ingots, hammered or raised, the cwt.

Note. — This additional Duty is not payable for any Copper imported in any Ship for which a Licence shall have been granted by His Majesty previous to the 23d April 1808, or -which shall have beea imported into any free Port in a British Island or Settlement in the West Indies, previous to the lftAugull 1808.

Copperas, viz.

- Blue, theewt.

- Green, theewt.

- White, the cwt.

Coral, viz.;

- 1 Beads, See Beads. .«.!-- in Fragments, the lb.

- whole polished, the lb.

- unpolished, the lb.

Cordage tarred or untarred, whether in Use or otherwise, (Handing or running Rigging in Use excepted) the cwt.

Cordial Waters, See Spirits,

Coriander Seed, See Seed.

Cork, imported in a British built Ship, theewt.

- not imported in a British built Ship, the cwt.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Jleftri&ion$ under which Cork may be secured in aj proved Places without Payment of Duty Sei 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap 126.

Corks, ready made, the lb.

Coni.

Table No. i.*

The fallowing Duties are payable on the Importation «f'Wh*at, Wk#attn*-al or Flour^Kye, Bailey.Berr, or Bigjg, Oats, Oatmeal, Pe: le. Beans, Indian Corn, Maile,

' J except from the Ptovince of Quebec and the other Britigi Colonies or*Plantations 14 North America, vi»x

o o

o 9

° 5

o 19

57 to o

030 o 3 0

076

o O ?5

0 7 6

0 3 6

o 13

o S O 056

£ e. d.

008

005

050

024

0 3 4. o 3 4

Temporary

or

War Duty.

£ r. d.

004 0 0 4

0 0 o 1 it

031

0 1 it

0 6 j

12 10

0 1 0

o 1 0

0 i 6

° '} 2 O

o 4

i 9

1 to

o 9

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Com, continued.

- Wheat, if the aggregate Average Price at the Port of Importation is

- under 63 s. per Quarter, high Duty, the Quarter -

- at or above 63 s. but under 66s. per

Quarter, first low Duty, the Quarter --- at or above 66s. per Quarter, fecorid

low Duty, the Quarter Rye, Pease, Beans, if the aggregate Average Price at the Port of Importation is - under 42 s. per Quarter, high

Duty, the Quarter

at or above 42 s. but under

44 s. per Quarter, first low Duty, the Quarter

- at or above 441. per Quarter,

second low Duty, the Quarter -

1 — Barley, Brer, or Bigg, ii the aggiegate Average Price at the Port of Importation is - under 31s. 6d. per Quarter,

high Duty, the Quarter - at or above 3 is. 6d, but under

33s. per Quarter, first low Duty, the Quarter - at or above 33s. per Quarter, second low Duty, the Quarter

- Oat«, if the aggregate Average Price at the Port of Importation is

- under 2is. per Quarter, high Duty, the Quarter

- at or above 2 is. but under 228. per Quarter,

fir (I low Duty, the Quarter

- at or above 22s. per Quarter, second low Duty,

the Quarter -

- .W'hcatmeal or Flour, if the aggregate Average Price

of Wheat at the Port of Importation is

- under 63s. per Quarter, high

Duty, the cwt.

- at or above 63s. but under 66s. per Quarter, first low Duty, the cwt.

- at or above 66s. per Quarter,

second low Duty, the cwt. — Indian Corn or Maize, if the aggregate Average Price

of Barley at the Port of Importation is - under 31s. 6d. per Quarter

high Duty, the Quarter

- at or above 3 is. 6d, but unde.

33s. per Quarter, first low Duty, the Quarter - at or above 33 s. per Quarter,

second low Duty the Quarter Oatmeal, if the aggregate average Price at the Port of Importation is ... under 20s. per Boll, of i4clbs. Avoirdupois, or laSlbs. Scotch Troy, high Duty, the Boll

.. at or above 20s. but under 2Is. per Boll, first low Duty, the Boll - atorabove 21s. per Boll, second low Duty, the Boll

49 G^o. Hit 5 L

Permanent.

Duty. Drawback.

£ t. d

1 5 o 026 006

126

016

003

1 a 6

013

003

069

010

003

069

016

010

1 a 6

1 3

003

083

010

006

£ /. d

Temporary

or

War Duty.

£ t. d.

084

0 O 19 OOt

O76

om6

001

076

005 001

0 a 3

004

001

023

006

004

0 7 6

005

001

029

004

00a

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Permanent.

Duty. Drawback.

Corn, continued. Table No. 2. The following Duties are payable on the Importation of Wheat, W heat-meal or Flour, Rye, Barley, Beer or Big, Oats, Oatmeal, Pease, Beans, Indian Corn, or Maize from the Province of Quebec, and the other British Colonies or Plantations in North America, viz. - — Wheat, if the aggregate Average Price at the Port of Importation is - under 538. per Quarter, high Duty, the Quar- £ /. d. £ t. d.

ter - at or above 53s. but under 56s. per Quarter, 1 s 0

first low Duty, the Quarter - at or above 36s. Per Quarter, second Tow 0»6 —

Duty, the Quarter the Port of Importation is - under 35s. per Quarter* high Duty, Q A 6

the Quarter - --- ator above 35s. but under 37s. per Quarter, first low Duty, the 12 6

Quarter ----- at or above 37s. per Quarter, fe- or 6

cond low Duty, the Quarter at the Port of Importation ie - under 26s. per Quarter, high 003

Duty, the Quarter - at or above 26s. but under 2Ss. per Quarter^firstlow Duty, 1 t 6

the Quarter at or above 28s. per Quarter, V second low Duty, the Quar- 015

ter Importation is 003

- under 17s. per Quarter, high Duty, the Quarter - - - at or above 17s. but under iSs. per Quarter, 069 '

first low Duty, the Quarter - - - at or above 18s. per Quarter, second'low Duty, 0 1 0

the Quarter - - - Wheatmeal or Flour, if the aggregate average Price of Wheat at the Port of Importation is - under 53s. per Quarter, high 003

Duly, the cwt. ----- at or above 53s. but under 56s. per Quarter, first low Duty, 069

the cwt. - -at or above 56s. per Quarter^ 0 1. 6

second low Duty, the cwt. ', i"- Indian Corn or Maize, if the aggregate Average Price of Barley at the Port of Importation is - under 26s. per Quarter, high 6 O

Duty, the Quarter - at or above 26s. but under 28s. per Quarter, first low Duty, 1. ft- 6

the Quarter - at or above 28a. per Quarter, second low Duty, the Quarter — Oatmeal, if the aggregate Average Price at the Port of Importation is under r6s. 6d. per Boll of 14clbs. Avoir-dupois, or 128 lb*. Scotch Troy, high 013

003

v x Duty, the Boll 1 0 3

Temporary

or

War Duty. £ t.d.

084

o c 10 00a

o 7

006 o o 1

© 7 5

00

0 0 1

0 2 3 O' 0 4 o l

0 a 3 o 0 6

0 1

0 7

o 0 J 0 0

0 a f

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Corn, continued,

- Oatmeal, if the aggregate average Price at the Port of Importation is at or above 16s. 6d. but under 178. 4d. per Boll, first low Duty, the Boll at or above 17s. 4d. per Boll, second low Duty, the Boll Wheat.WheatmealorFlour, Rye, Barley, Beer or Bigg, Oats, Oatmeal, Pease, Beans, Indian Corn, or Maize, For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions according to which the aggregate Average Price of such Corn shall be ascertained, and under which such Corn

Permanent. Temporary or War Duty.

Duty. Drawback.

£ /. j. £ /. d £ t. d.

010 — W O 0

003 0 O I

may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, Se$$\ Geo. 3. cap. 30. 33 Geo. 3. cap. 65. 44 6eo 3 caP- , c9* and 45 Geo. 3. cap. 86.

Having been secured in Warehouses, when taken out to be used or consumed in Great Britain, and not first to be carried coastwise to Some other Port of Great Britain where Foreign Com of the fame Sort may be imported on the low Duties, such Duties shall be paid, as shall at the Time of taking out be due and payable for the like Sort of Corn, Meal, or Flour imported into the fame Port from any foreign Country 5 and also in addition to such Duties the Several and respective Duties Specified in the Table marked No. x, under the Name of the first low Duties.

- His Majesty in Council may', when the aggregate average Price of any Sort of Com, or of Oatmeal in England or Scotland respectively shall appear to be at or above the Prices at which Foreign Corn, Meal, or Flour of the fame Sort is allowed by Law to be imported, at the first low Duty, Specified in the Table marked No.i, permit generally the Importation into England or Scotland respectively, or the taking out of Warehouse for Home Consumption of any such Sort of Foreign Corn, Meal or Flour, on Payment of the second low Duty only, as Specified in the said Table No. 1, and no other; and such Permission shall continue in force for the Space of Six Months at least from the Date of the Order in Council made for that Purpose, See 31 G. 1. cap. 30. 33 Geo. 3. cap. 65. and 43 Geo. 3. cap. 86. His Majesty in Council is authorized, whatever may be the general Average Price of any Sort of Cora or Grain, or of Oatmeal in England and Scotland respectively, from Time to Time when and as often as the same shall be judged expedient, to permit generally the Importation into Great Britain of any Foreign Wheat, Rye, Barlgr, Beer, or Bigg, Pease, Beans, Oats, or any Meal or Flour, or Bread, Biscuit, or Malt made thereof, or any Indian Corn or Maize, or Meal or Flour made thereof, in any British Vessel, or in any other Vessel belonging to Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, navigated in any Manner whatever 5 and also the taking out of Warehouse for Home Consumption of any such Foreign Corn or other Article as aforesaid, without Payment of any Duty whatsoever. His Majesty is likewise antnorized in like Manner to recall such Permission, either in Part or in the Whole, if Circumstances shall appear so to require. See 39 Geo. 3. cap. 87. continued by Several Acts, and by 49 Geo. 3. cap. 23. further continued to the 25th March 1810.

Note. — All Foreign Com when delivered out of any Ship or Vessel in the Port of London, is subject also to a 5 La

[Sff o\fo 43 G. 3. c. 6l.]

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Permanent.

Corn, continued.

Duty of Two-pence per Last, or Ten Quarters, to be paid to the Inspector of Corn Returns.

Corn, Powder, See Gunpowder.

Cornu Cervi Calcinatum, the lb.

Cortex, viz,

- Angufturae, the lb.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under whichCortex Angufturae may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, Ste 4.3 Geo 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. c. 87. 46 G. 3. c. 137. and 48 G. 3. c. 126.

- Cariophylloides, the lb.

- Efeutheriae. the cwt.

- Guaiaci, the cwt.

- 1 — Limonirii or Aurenttorum, thelb.

- Peruvianus or Jesuits Bark, the lb.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Jeluits Bark may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo 3. cap. 137. and

48 Geo. 3. cap. I2r).

- Simarouba, thelb.

-Winteranus, the lb.

- not otherwise enumerated or described, for every 1001. of the Value -

Coitus, the lb.

Cotton Cloth of the Manufacture of the Isle of Man, See Man, Isle of.

- Manufactures, not otherwise enumerated or described,

for every 1001. of the Value

Cotton Thread, See Thread.

- Wool, Wool.

- Yarn, See Yarn.

Cow or Ox Hair, See Hair.

- Hides, See Hides.

- Tails, See Tails.

Cowage or Cowitch, thelb.

Cowries, imported from Europe under Licence for Exportation

to Africa, for every 100 1. of the Value

which Cowries cap. 30.*

may be so imported, 5 Geo. 3.

Cows, See Cattle.

See also the Note under the Head of Provisions. Cranberries, the Gallon Crapes, See Silk Wrought.

Crayons, for every tool, of the Value Cream of Tartar, the cwt.

Crout, viz. Sour C-out, for every lool. of the Value &*the Note under the Head of Provisions.

Cry flat, viz.

- Beads, See Beads.

- trough, for every 100 1. of the Value

--cut, or in any Way manufactured, for every 100

the Value -

Cubebs, thelb.

Cucumbers, viz.

- pickled, the Gallon

- preserved in Salt and Water, for every IOO the Value

Culm, the Chalder containing36 Bushsls Winchester Meas Cummin Seed, See Seed.

Currants, riz.

- imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt.

- not imported in a Briulh-built Ship, the cwt*

Temporary

Duty. J Drawback. or War Duty,

£. d. £ /. d. £ t.

IP O O 003 0 0 ij

0 i 3 0 0 10 0 0 i

006 012 6 0176 003 0 1 3 004 084 0 11 8 002 0 0 10 0 0 1 0 4 1 0 5 10 0 0 1 0 0 J

0 0 0 0 0 0 5 003 0 0 0 0 if

O^O O O 25 0 0 005 12 10 0 0 0 a»

54 0 0 — 18 0 0

O O 006 0 0 J

K> O O — 0 13 4

0 09mmm 0 0 3

' 37 10 0 0 »o 0 20 0 0 25 0 0 12 10 0 o34 6 13 4

20 0 0 1368 6 ij 4

f - 37 10 0 - 006 016 25 0-0 004 12 10 0 0 0»0 0 6

I - 37 10 ° - x 0 0 — 12 10 0 0 6 10

1* 1 c 00 0 0 0 18 8 0188 094 0 10 0

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Currants, continued.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Currants may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap.132. 4$ Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126

Cuttle Bones, the 1000 -

Cyperus, thecwt.

D.

Damask Tabling or Napkining, See Linen.

Dates, the cwt.

Deer Skins, See Skins.

Denia Raisins, See Raifms.

Derelict, Goods derelict. See Droits of Admiralty, Diagrydium, See Scammony.

Diamonds, Dutyfree.

Diaper Tabling or Napkining, See Linen.

Dice, the Pair -

Dittany, the lb.

Dog Stones, See Stones.

Down, imported in a British-built Ship, the lb.

not imported in a British built Ship, the lb.

Drawings, coloured, each -

- plain, each -

Dressing Boxes, See Boxes.

DKillingsj See Linen.

Droits of Admiralty, coining within the Denomination of derelict Flotsam, Jetfam, or Lagan, are not subject to Duty. Drugs, on which specific Duties are payable according to the Quantity, See the several Articles in alphabetical Course.

not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every 100l. of the Value

Duck, See Sail Cloth in Linen.

Dust, perfumed. See Perfumed DufL

E.

Earthenware, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every iocl. of the Value -

East India Goods, for the Duties and Drawbacks on Goods imported by the East India Company, See Table B.

Ebony, See Wood.

Eels, the Ship's Lading -

Eggs, the Hundred, containing Six Score

See the Note under the Head of Provisions.

Elastic Bottles, or Burrachas, See India Rubbers.

Elbing Canvas, See Canvas in Linen.

Eleborus, See Helebore.

Elemy Gum, See Gum Elephants Teeth, the cwt.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions tinder which Elephants Teeth may be secured in Ware-houses, without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 4S Geo. 3. capt 126.

Eleutbcrix Cortex, See Cortex,

Elk Hair, See Hair.

- Skins* See Skins. 4

Permanent.

Duty.

079 o 10 o

2 17 o

o 16 6 o o

009

o o 10 £ 0 2 0

010

7 10 o

50 o o

8 50 006

2 10 o

Drawback.

eB /. d.

052

068

1 18 0

005

006

006

Temporary

or

War Duty.

j£. /. d.

02 7. 034,

o 19 o

05 6 o 0 2 \

OO3

O O si

008

004.

25 o o

I x3 4

12 10 0

16 iy f

2 15 O 0 0 2

o 16 8

8o6

49° GEORGII III.

[See 43 G. 3.

c. 68.

C. 98#

A.D. 1809.

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Emeralds, Rubies, and D other precious Stones and Jevrels (except Diamonds) for every iool. of the Value

Emery Stones, Sec Stones.

Enamel, the lb.

Ermine Skins, See Skins.

EHence, viz.

- of Bergamot, the lb.

-of Lemon, the lb.

of Spruce, for every iool. of the Value - of the Produce of, and imported from any British Colony, Plantation, or Settlement in America, for every iool. of the Value -

- '- not otherwise enumerated or described, for every

iool. of the Value -

Eftrich Feathers, Sec Ostrich Feathers, in Feathers.

Wool, See Ostrich Wool, in Wool.

Euphorbium, the lb.

F.

Fan Mounts, of Leather, for every 100L of the Value

Faro Raisins, See Raisins.

Feather Beds, See Feathers for Beds.

Note. — The Duty on Feather Beds is payable according to the Quantity of Feathers contained therein.

Feathers, viz.

- for Beds, imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt.

- not imported in a British-built Ship, thecwt.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Feathers for Beds may be secured in Warehouses, without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 13a. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

- Ostrich or Eftrich, dressed, the lb.

undressed, the lb.

- Vulture, for every iool. of the Value

not otherwise enumerated or described, for every iool. of the Value -

Fechia Allies, See Allies.

Fennel Seed, 1 c o j Fenugreek &ed, )*/See<L Fiddles for Children, See Toys.

Figs, imported in a British built Ship, the cwt.

not imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Figs may be secured in Warehouses, without Payment of Duty, 6*43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

Filtering Stones, See Stones.

Fir Quarters,

- Timber, > See Wood.

FireWood, J Fishj viz

- Fre/h Fish, British, taken and imported in British-built

Ships or Vesstis, Dutyfree.

--British, taking and curing. Duty free.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which any such Fish may be imported into Great Britain Duty free. See the Ad to which this Schedule is annexed.

Fishers Ski*©, See Skin,

Permanent.

Temporary

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

£ /. J. £. d. £. J.

10 0 0 — 3 6 1

046 00 0 016

029 0 110 0 0 ti

029 0 110 0011

20 0 0 13 <S 8 13 4

TO O O <5 13 4 3 6 8

37 10 0 0 O 12 10 0

0 0 4^ O O 001}

90 0 0 — 30 0

2160 i 17 4 0 18 8

300 1 17 4 1 0

1 15.0 1 3 4 © 11 8

0 10 0 068 0 3 4

37 10 0 25 0 0 12 10 0

37 10 0 0 0 ia 10

0136 O9O 0 4 6

0 14 6 O9O 04

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Fishing Nets, old, See Rag*.

Fish Oil, See Train Oil, in OiL Fitches Skins, See Skins.

Flag Brooms, See Broom*.

Flannel, the Yard -

Fla(k9, See Eottles.

Flax, iiz.

- dressed, imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt.

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt. - rough or undressed, imported in a British-built Ship,

the cwt.

- not imported in a. British-built

Ship, the cwt.

Flax Seed. See Seed.

Flipt Stone* for Potters, See Stones.

Flocks, the cwt.

Flotsam, Goods Flotsam, See Droits of Admiralty.

Flower Roots, Trees, or Plants, for every iool. of the Value Flowers, Artificial, not made of bilk, for every loot of the Value -

Forest Seed, See Seed.

Foflil*, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every iool.

of the Value -

Fowls, See the Note under the Head of Provisioi:.

Skin.

Frames for Pictures, Prints or Drawing*, for every iool. of the Value

Frankincence, the cwt.

French Beans, See Bean*.

See also the Note under the Head of Provisions.

Fruit, artificial, for every tool, of the Value Furriers' Wade, for every tool, of the Value Fur*, See Skins.

Furze Seed, See Seed.

Fuftic, See Wood.

G

Galanga, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

Galbanum, imported directly from the Place of it* Growth, the lb.

- not imported directly from the Place of its Growth,

the lb.

Galley Tiles, See Tiles.

Galls, the cwt.

Gamboge, the lb.

Game, See the Note under the Head of Provisions.

Garden Seed, See Seed.

Garnets, viz.

- cut, the lb.

- rough, the lb.

Gauze of Thread, for every iool. of the Valoc-Geldings, See Horses.

Gem Sal, See Sal.

Geneva, See Spirit*.

Gentian, the lb.

Gibraltar.

For the Condition*, Regulations and Restriction* undfcr which Goods, Wares, and Merchandize of the Growth or Production of the Dominions of the Emperor of Morocco may be imported from Gibraltar, on Payment of such Dutiee only as are or shall be payable on the like Good*, when imported directly from Africa, See 7 Geo. 3. cap. jg.

Permanent. Temporary

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

£ /. d. £ t. d £ t. d*

0 M 0 — 004

6156 -5

7 x 0 270

003 — 001

O O 0 0 i£

0 w 0 0 8 0 040

20 O O 13 6 8 6 13 4

37 10 0 — 13 XO O

M O O O 13 6 8 613 4*

37 IO 0 12 TO

0 14 0 094 048

37 10 0. 12 10 0

37 10 0 12 10

003 0 02 0 0 r

00 6 004 002

0 q9Q 0 6 003

0 1 6 a x 0 006

070 — 024

0 10 008 004.

0176 01x8 0 5 IOl

060 040 020

40 0 0 13 6 8

003 002 0 Xt

C. 98.

49° GEORGII III.

A.D. 18809.

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Ginger, <viz.

- the Produce of the British Plantations, Colonies, or

Settlements in Africa or America, the curt.

- not the Produce of the British Plantations, the cwt.

For the Conditions, fRegulations and Restrictions under which Ginger imported from the West Indies may be secured in Warehouses, without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap: 132. 45. Geo. 3. cap.87. 46 Geo. j. cap. 137. and 4S Geo. 3. cap. i 26. preserved, the lb: ,

Ginseng, the lb

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Ginseng may be secured in Warchoufvs, without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap.87, 4^ Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

Glass, viz.

- Bottles, See Eottles.

- broken, fit only to be remanufactured,; the cwt.

- rough Plate Glass, and ground or polished Plate or Crown Glass, for every loci, of the Value ----- and besides for every Foot fu-

perlicial Measure

- German Sheet Glass, for ever)' iool. of the Value

- and bciides for every Foot super-

fh ial Measure

- Glass Mamifafhires, not otherwise enumerated or <de-

r' feribed. for every 1001. of the Value

Glass is also subject to a Duty of Excise.

Glovers Clippings, fit only to make Glue, the cwt.

Glue, the cwt. - - -m

Goat Hair, See Hair.

- Skins, y^ee Skins.

--Wool, See Goat Hair in Hair.

Gold Coin, See Bullion.

- Plate, See P ate.

Goods, Ware*, and Merchandize, viz.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Rcflri&ions under which any Goods or Commodities (except Tobacco, Snuff, and Rice), being the Produce of any Territory, Possession, or Country, not under the Dominion of His Majesty on the Continent of America or in the West Indies, may, under His Majesty* Order in Council be imported into Great Britain from any such Territory, Po/TcUion, or Country, and be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, for the Purpose of being exported to Foreign Parts, and for no other Purpose whatever: See 42 Geo. 3. cap 80. revived and continued by 44 G. 3. cap. 30. until Eight Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.

Tor the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which His Majesty may, during the present War, and until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, grant Licence to British Subjects to import from any Country in America belonging to any Foreign European Sovereign or State, any Goods or Commodities of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any such Country in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any State in Amity with His Majesty, subject to the fame Duties as if imported in a British built Shit); See 45 Geo. 3. cap. 34.

Goose Quills, See Quills.

Grain, See Corn.

Grains, viz.

- Guinea Grains, the lb.

Permanent. Temporary

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

£ /. d £; d. £ /. 1

0146 1 13 6 098 124 0 4 10 0 112

020 0 © io* 007 0 0 8 0 0 4

020

72 o o

026 72 o o

OIO

7200

© 3 o

076

o 6

o o 4

008 24 0 0

24 o 0 24 0 0

O I 0

026

o

A.D. 1809.

49° GEORGII III.

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Grains, continued\

- of Paradise, the lb.

G con ilia, the lb.

Grapes, for every 1001. of the Value -

- Rape of, See Rape of Grapes.

Grave Stones, See Stones.

Grease, theewt.

Greaves for Dogs, the cwt.

Grogram Yarn, 3>*Yam.

Guaiacum Cortex, See Cortex.

- Gum, See Gum.

Guernsey, Island of,

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the Growth, Production, and Manufacture of the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Sark, or Alderney, (Salt excepted, See 38 Geo. 3. cap 89. and Slate and Stones not being Burr Stones, or Stones used for the Purpose of paving or making or mending Roads, See 34. Geo. 3. cap. 51. and 42 Geo. 3. cap. 95. J may be imported from those Islands by the Inhabitants thereof, without Payment of any Duty, except such Excise or other Duty as shall be payable for the like Goods of the Growth, Production, and Manufacture of Great Britain, See 3 Geo. 1. cap. 4. Bui Foreign Goods having been lawfully imported into the said Islands, and Foreign Goods and Commodities in Part or fully manufactured in either of them, and which may be legally imported from thence in*o Great Britain, are subject to such Duties as are payable for the like Goods when imported from any Foreign Country ot which they are the Growth, Product, or Manufacture, See$ Geo. i. cap.4.

Guinea Grains, See Grains.

- Pepper, See Pepper.

- Wood, See Red Wood in Wood.

Gum, viz.

- Ammoniacus, imported directly from the Place of its

Growth, the lb.

- cot imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

- Animi, the lb.

- Arabic, the cwt. -

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reflri&ions under which Gum Arabic may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 13a. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and

48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

- Cake lac. See Lac in Gum.

- Cafhcw, the cwt.

- Copal, the lb.

- Elcmi, the lb.

- Guaiacum, the lb.

- Juniper, See Gum Sandrake

Lac, viz.

- Cake-lac, the lb.

- Shellack or Seed-lac, the lb.

- Stick-lac, the cwt.

- Opopanax, imported directly from the Place of its

Growth, the lb.

- not imported directly from the Place of

its Growth, the lb.

- Sagapenum, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb -

- not imported direCily from the Place of

- its Growth, the lb.

49 Geo. III. 5. M

Permanent.

Duty. Drawback.

£ /. d

o I 3 006 37 10 ©

o

o

o

o

o

0 9

1 6 o 6

7

4 6

1 o

0

1 1

° 3

0 4 i 5 o

3 4 6 o 6

£ s. d

O O ID

O O I#

0X0

004

008 003

009

0 0 2

003

Ol6

O30

004

C. 98.

Temporary

or

War Duty.

£ t. d.

005 002 12 10 0

004

005

0 3

006

002 0 2 4

OIO O08

oz6 004 Q O 1$

0 o 44

001 o o ll 018

009

016

0 0 2

8io C. 98.

49! GEORGII

A.D. 1809.

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Permanent.

'Gum, continued.

- Mandrake or Juniper, the cwt.

- Sarcocolla, imported directly from the Place of its

Growth, the lb.'f " -

-not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, 1 he lb.

Seed-lac, See Lac in Gum,

Duty. Drawback.

-» n — Senega, the cwt.

- imported from Europe in a British built Ship, the cwt.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Gum Senega may be so imported, See 25 Geo. 2. cap. 32.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Gum Senega may be secured in Warehouses, without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

mi sSlac }* Lac in Gum-

Tacamahaca, the lb.

- Tragacanth, imported dire6Uy from the Flace of its Growth, the lb. - 1

- not imported directly from the Place of

its Growth, the lb.

- not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every 100 1. of the Value Gunpowder, viz. Com Powder, the cwt.

- Serpentine Powder, the cwt.

Gutting Canvas, See Canvas in Linen.

Gypsum, the ton, containing 20 cwt.

the Produce of and imported from any BritiHi Colony, Plantation or Settlement in Aihcrica, the Ton, containing 20 cwt*

H.

Hair, viz,

- Camel, the lb* -

- i- — Cow, Ox, or Bull, the cwt.

- Elk, the cwt.

- Goat or Turkey Goats Wool, the lb*

- Hats made of, See Hafi.

- Horse, for every iool. of the Value -

--Human, the lb.*

- not otherwise enumerated ot described, for every iool:

of the Value 1 - .r*' '*

Hair Powder, the cwt.

- 'perfumed, or perfumed DuOy the cwt.

Hams, See Bacon.

See also the Note under the Head of Provisions.

Handfcoops, the Dozens*'

H; \nclfpikes, See Wood, '

H^rd Wax, See Wax.

Hare Skins, See Skins*

- Wool, See Wool.

Harp String?, the Gross, containing 1a Dozen Knots Hart Horno, See Horns.

Hats, viz.

- Balt. Chip, Cane or Horse. Hair Hats or Bonnets, each Hat or Bonnet, not exceeding 22 Inched in DJametcf, ' the Dozen. N -

each Hat or Bonnet exceeding 22 Inches in Difcmeter, the Dozen

£ x. d. 012 o

006

o x o

9 7 6

x 1 o

o O

o 9

O I 0 It o: XX

o o

20

20

6

8

o

3?;

o

3

12

0x3

040

Temporary

or

War Duty.

£ x- d o ft o

004

008

0 1 3 0 0 10

0 0 7* 0 a 5

0 1 3 0 0 1a

37 10 0 25 0 0

2 6 0 1 10 8

1 9. 0 e l9 4

£ r

0 4 0

002

9 0 4

036 0. 7 0

2 8.

0 2f.

o 0 J

0 0 i\

0 0 J

12 10 0 o 15 4 098

0 6 I 003

o o 4

o 3 10

o 3-J°^ o 0 1

6, 13 4

o' 1 0

1

6 13 4 a 1.

o 0.

o I 4

o.

o 4.

I

A.D. 1809.

490 GEORGII III.

£98. 8u

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Hats, cant'tiued.

- Straw Hats or Bonnets, each Hat or Bonnet not exceeding 22 Inches in Diameter, the Dozen - each Hat or Sonnet, exceeding 22 Inches in Diameter, the Dozen.- For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Chip or Straw Hats may be secured in Ware-houses without Payment of Duty, lee 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

- made of or mixed with Felt Hair, Wool or Beaver, the Hat -

Hay, the Load, containing 36 Trufies, each Truss being 3^1bs.

Head Matter, See Train Oil in Oil.

Heath, for Brnfhes, the cwt.

Heleborc or Elcborus, the lb.

Hemp, viz.

- dressed, imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt.

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt.

- rough or undressed, or any other vegetable Mibfiaijec

of the Nature and Quality of undressed Hemp and applicable to the fame rurposes imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt. t -

- not imported in a British-ouilt Ship, the cwt.

- the Produce of the British Plantations in America, the Ton, containing 20 cwt, - For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Hemp undressed may be secured in approved Places without Payment of Duty, See 43 Q 3, c 132. 45 Geo. 3.cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

- Seed, See Seed.

- Seed Oil, Kee Oil.

Hermodactyl, the lb.

Hefiens Canvass, 'See Canvas in Linen.

Hides, viz.

- Buffalo, Bull, Cow, or Ox, in the Hair not tanned,

tawed, curried* or in any way dtefied.

- imported in a British-built Ship, the Hide -- not imported in a British-built Ship, the Hide -

- Tanned, and not otherwise dressed, the lb. -- Tails, tee Tails.

- Elk, See Skins.

- Horse, Mare, or Gelding, in the Hair, not tanned,

tawed, curried, or in any way dressed.

- imported in a British-built Ship, the Hide

- not impoited in a British-built Ship, the Hide

- 'Fanned, and not otherwise dressed, the lb.

- Losh, the lb.

- Muscovy, or Russia tanned or coloured, the lb.

- or Pieces of Hides, raw or undressed, not particularly enumerated or described or otherwise charged with Duty, imported from any British Colouy or Plantation in America, for every iool. of the Value

- or Pieces of Hides, raw or undressed, not particularly

enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every iool. of the Value or l ieces of Hides, tanned, tawed, curried, or in any way dressed, not particularly enumerated or de-fenbed, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every tool, of the Value*

Note — His Majesty is authorized to permit, by Order in Council* any Hides or Pieces of Hides, dressed or ur-

- Permanent.

Duty.

£ s. d. 230 4 6 o

1x6 o 14 6

0 5 9

003

300

3 3©

0 59066

0^0

006

006

a. 1. 6

00

006

016

0 0 : i

O I O OIO

3 H o

20 o o

90 o o

Drawback.

002

o 3 10 o 3 10

004

Temporary

or

War Duty.

£. d.

0 14 4

1 8 8

o 7 t

0410

0 in

001

I o I I

o X II

C 2 2

0 0 2

0 0 2

0 0 6

o o 2j

o o t

006

0025

004

o o 4

148 6 '3 4

30 o o

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

[See 43 G. 3. r. 90. §12.

as to Hops to and from the Isle of Man.]

Hides, continued

dressed, to be imported into Great Britain in any foreign Ship or Vessel, on Payment of such Duties as are due and payable thereon when imported in a British-built Ship, See Geo. 3. cap 29. revived and continued by 45 Geo. 3. cap. 80. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 29. and by 48 Geo. 3. c. 24. further continued until Three Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restridious under which Hides may be secured in approved Places, without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 133. 43 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126. Hogs, See the Note under the Head of Provisions.

Hogs Lard, See Lard.

Hones, the Hundred, containing Five Score Honey, the cvvt.

Hoof* of Cattle, for every icol. of the Value Hoops, viz,

- of Iron, the cwt.

- of Wood, the 1000

Hops, the cwt.

Horns, viz.

' — Buffalo, Bull, Cow, or Ox, the Hundred, containing Five Score

- Hart or Stag, the Hundred, containing Five Score

- not otherwise enumerated or described, for every 100:

of the Value

Note — His Majesty is authorized to permit, by Order in Council, any Horns or Pieces of Horns to be im port'd into Great Britain in any foreign Ship or Vef lei, on Payment of such Duties as are due and payable thereon when imported in a British-built Ship, See Geo 3. cap. 29. revived and continued by 45 Geo. 3. cap 80. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 29. and by 48 Geo. 3. cap. 24. further continued until Three Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.

Horn Tips, the Hundred, containing Five Score Horse Hair, See Hair.

- Hats or Bonnets, See Hats.

- Hides, See Hides.

Horses, Mares or Geldings, each

Human Hair, See Hair.

Hungary Water, See Spirits.

Bufl<s or Knuhs of Silk, See Silk Knubs in Silk.

Hufle Skins, See Skins.

I.

Jalap, the lb.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Jalap may be secured in Warehouses, without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 43 Geo 3. cap. 87, 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126. Jamaica Wood, See Brazilletto Wood in Wood.

Japonica Terra, See Terra.

Jersey, I Hand of See Guernsey.

JefTamine Oil, &rOil.

Jesuit Bark, See Cortex Peruvianus.

Jet, the lb.

- Beads, See Beads.

Jctfam, Goods Jetfam, See Droits of Admiralty.

Jewels, See Emeralds, lncle, viz.

- unwrought, the lb.

- wTought, the lb.

India Rubbers, or Burrachas, the lb.

Permanent.

Duty. Drawback.

d.

o

o

20

H

9

o

o 15 o 090 580

3

13

20 o o

4 4

o x 3

o o 6

O 3 3

003

Temporary

or

War Duty.

£ d.

024

090

J3

6 8

o o 10

009

ooxo

9 O 3

0 4 10 032 6 13 4

050 030 j 16 0

o 1

046

6 13 4

o 0

8 0

o 0

4*

0 S

o o*o I

o o x

A.D. 1809. 49° GEORGII III. C. 98. 8*3

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Permanent. Temporary

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

Indian Corn, or Maize, .SVeCorn. £ /. d £ /. J. £ d.

Indigo, the lb - - For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Indigo may be secured in Warehouses, without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126. 003 001

Ink for Printers, the cwt. Ipecacoanhee Radix, See Radix. Ireland. The Duties and Drawbacks of Cnfloms on Articles the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Ireland, imported directly from thence, are not in any way altered, varied or repealed by any Thing herein contained. See the Ad to which this Schedule is annexed. Iris Root, See Orrice Root. Iron, ri % . — in Bars or unwrought, - the Produce of any British Colony or Plan- tation in America, and imported from thence, the Ton, containing 20 cwt. - - - the Produce of any other Country, - imported m a British-built Ship, the Ton, con- 0 13 0 O 14 0 088 0 0

taining 20 cwt. - not imported in a British-built Ship, the Ton, 4207 4

containing 20 cwt. For the Conditions, Regulations and Rcflridions under which Iron in Bars may be secured in approved Places, without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126. flit or hammered into Rods and Iron drawn or hammered, less than $ of an Inch Square ..... imported in a British-built $ 0 0 113 4

Ship, the cwt. ..... not imported in a British- 0 12 6 " 04a

built Ship, the cwt. 013 6 — 0 4 (5

- Cart, for every 1001. of the Value Hoops, See Hoops. 2000 <5 13 4

- old broken and old cast Iron, the Ton containing 20 cwt oil 0 — 038

- Ore, the Ton containing 20 cwt. ... 5 6 — 0 1 10

Pig Iron, the Ton containing 20 cwt. -- the Produce of and imported from the British Plantations in America, the Ton containing Oil 0 038

20 cwt. - - Wire, See Wire. 050 018

IfingLfs, the cwt. - - - the Produce of, and imported from the British 1 JO 0 O-1 O

Plantations in America, the cwt. Isle of Man, 'ee Man, Isle of 0 10 0 0 Z 4

Juice of Lemons, Limes, or Oranges, the Gallon Juniper Berriec, See Berries. Gum, See Gum Sandrake* - 1 — Oil, See 0A» Junk old, See Rags old. 009 0 0 C 003

Ivory, the lb. 033 — 0 1 1

K. Kelp, imported in a British built Ship, the cwt. 0 8 t 058 O X TO

not imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictkms under which Kelp may be secured in approved Places, without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 13^. 4f Geo 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126. Kidney Beans, See Beans. See also the Note under the Head of ProTifiont* 090 1 058 ^0 3 C^oogl

[»* i -\ G. 1.

OS.]

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Kid Skins, See Skins.

Kit^of Wood, See Pails.

Knecb of Oak, See Wood.

Knubs of Silk, See Silk Knubs in Silk.

Lac, See Lac in Gum,

Lace, viz.

--Silk Lace, for every 100L of the Value*

--Thread Lace, v'rz.

under 5s. the Yard in Value, the Yard ..... of <; s. and under ios. the Yard in Value

the Yard

- of 1 os. and under 15s. the Yard in Value

the Yard

- of 1 $s and under 20s. the Yard in Value

the Yard

- of 20s. and under 25s. the Yard in Value

the Yard

--of 25s. the Yard or upward^ for every

iool. of the Value Lagan, Goods Lagan, See Droits of Admiralty.

Lamb, whether Sailed or otherwise.

See the Note under the Head of Provisions.

Lamb Skins.)r

- Slink, j r« Skins.

Lambs, See the Note under the Head of Provisions.

- Wool, See Sheeps Wool in Wool.

I iamp Black, the cwt.

Lapis, viz.

- Calaminaris, the cwt.

- Contrayervae, the oz.

- Lazuli, the lb.

- Tutiae, the lb.

Lard, the cwt.

Lithwood, See Wood.

Latten, viz. j

--Black, the cwt.

- Shaven, the cwt.

- Wire, See Wire.

Lavender Flowers, the lb.

- Water, See Spirits.

Lawns, See Linen.

Lazuli Lapis, See Lapis.

Lead, viz*

- Black, tht cwt.

- Ore, the Ton, containing 20 cwt,

- Pig, for every iool. of the Value

- Red, the cwt.

--White, the cwt.

Leaf Metal, See Metal.

Leather, any Article made of Leather, or any Manufacture whereof Leather is the most valuable Part, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every xocl. of the Va ue

Leaves of Gold, the roo Leaves' -

Leaves of Roses or Violets, the lb.

Lemons, imported in a British-built Ship, the 10do

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the IOOOO ----- J11 ice of, >ee Juice.

- Pickled, the Tun, containing 25aOallon» 1

Lentiles, the Bushel

See the No e under the Head of Provident.

Leopard Skins, See Skim.

Permanent.

Duty.

£ 4. d

25 O o 0x6 026 030 043 0 5 3 25 o 0

Drawback.

Temporary

or

War Duty. I

5

1

2-

o

5

0 17

1 11

o

3

o

44

O' o 6*

C 2* 6 0 t 8

X 2 6 0 15 0

20 O O

0 5 3 0 3 -6

066 0 +' 4

90 o o 1 o o

O 12

o 13

2 6 o

00 6

180

o o 10 o i 4

003

on 8 I 1 O

e o 4

012

004

082

0 8 2

1 10 8

8 6 8 006 0 o 10 010 0 1 5 o I98 6 8

0 14

30

o

o

o

0

8

't

b

o J 10

o 10 6

0 O 3

0 o 10

o 7 6 6 13 4 o 1 9

0 3 3

0 IS o 0

A.D. 1809.

49° GEORGII III.

C. 98. 815

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Permanent. Temporary

Duty. Drawback or War Duty.

Lexia Raifms, See Ratlins. Lignum, viz. Quaffia, the cwt. Uhoditim. See Rose Wood in Wood, — Vitae, cttWood. Lime Stones^ : 'ee Stones. Limes. Juice of, >ee Juice. Limonum Cortex, See Cortex. Sal, See Sal. Lineo, plain, viz. Cembrieks and Lawns, commonly called French Lawns, plain, the Piece not exceeding Eight Yard* in Length, and not exceeding Seven Eighths of a £ /. d. 5 xa 0 £ /. d.£ t. d, »l7 4

Yard in Breadth ..... exceeding Eight Yards in Length, or exceeding Seven Eighths of a Yard in Breadth the Piece; and in that Proportion 060 040 c 2 0

for a greater or less Quantity % — Canvas, viz. Heflen Canvass or Dutch Barras, imported in 076 050 026

a British-built Ship, the r 20 Ells not imported in a British-built 1 13 6 1 2 4 0 n t

Ship, thv 120 Ells Packing Canvass, Guttings, Spruce, Elbing, or Queensborough Canvass -- imported in a British built Ship, the x 15 0 1 2 4 0 11 8

120 Ells -- not imported in a British-built Ship, 126 0 15 a 0 7 6

the 120 Ells — - Damask Tabling of the Manufacture of Holland, viz. x 3 6 0 15 0 07 19

- not exceeding 1 EUt in Breadth, the Yard - exceeding 1 Ell \ and under 2 Ells in Breadth, 063 0 4 2 a 2 i

the Yard - - - of the Breadth of 2 Ells and under 3 Ells in 0 7 3 0 4.10 025

Breadth, the Yard 083 056 029

- of the Breadth of 3 Elisor upwards, the Yard Damask Tabling of the Manufacture of Silesia or of any other Place not otherwise enumeiated or described. 012 0 o, 8 o- 040.

the square Yard - -m — - Damask Towelling, and Napkining of the Manufacture 016 0 10 0 0 6

of Holland, the Yard - Damallc Towelling and Napkining of the Manufacture of Silesia or of any other Place not otherwise enumer- Q 2 6* 018 0 0 10

ated or described, the Yard — -- Diaper Tabling of the Manufacture of Holland, viz. O O.90 0 6 003.

- not exceeding 1 Ell £ in Breadth, the Yard - exceeding 1 Ell \ and under 2 Elh in Breadth, O 3 3 0 2.2 0 a 1

the Yard - of the Breadth of 2 Ells and under 3 Ells in ° 39026 0 2 3

Breadth, the Yard Q 4 O 0-2 8 024

- of the Breadth of 3 Ells or upwards, the Yard > Diaper Tabling of the Manufacture of Silelia or of any oth; r Place not otherwise enumerated or described. O59 0 3 10 0 III

the Yard k Diaper Towelling and Napkining of the Manufac- ox x90. 2 2 00 J

ture of Holland, the Yard »" . Diaper Towelling and Napkining of the Manufacture of Silesia, or of any other Place not oihccwiie enu- 0 1 3 0 - 0 10 a 0 5

merated^ or described, the Yard-« — Drillings and Packduck, r iz. 009 006 0 0 3

- imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 Ella - 2.17 6 1 18 4 0 19 2

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the 12qE11s — 7, -- Planders Ein^, and Linen of the Manufacture of Holland, plain, not otherwise enumerated or described.r/z. 3. 0 0 1 18 4 1 00,

- no\ exceeding 1 EU Jin Breadth* thp.Ell .0x9 012. 0 QA

[Src 40 G. 3. c. ot». § 01 j

Si6

C. 98.

490 GEORGII III.

A.D. 18C9.

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Lrncn, — Flanders Linen, &c. continued.

- exceeding 1 Ell*in Breadth, and

under 2 Ells in Breadth, the Ell .....of the Breadth of 2 Ells and under

3 Ells in Breadth, the Ell ..... of the Breadth of 3 Ells or upwards,

the Eil

--German, Switzerland, ball Country (except Russia)

and Silesia Cloth, plain, tiz.

- not exceeding 3 i£ Inches in Breadth,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 Ells

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the

120 Ells

- exceeding 31* Inches, and not exceeding 36

Inches in Breadth,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the

120 Ells

- not imported in a British-built Ship,

the 120 Ells — - exceeding 36 Inches in Breadth,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 Ells

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 Ells

- Hinderlands, Brown, under 22* Inches in Breadth,

- imported in a British-built bhip, the

120 Ells

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the

120 Ells

- *Lawns, xlz.

- Silesia and all other Lawns, plain, (except

Cambricks and French Lawns) not bleached in Holland, the Piece not exceeding 8 Yards in Length -

- Silesia and all other Lawns, plain fexcept Cambricks and French Lawns) bleached in Holland, the Piece not exceeding 8YardsinLeHgth

- JPack Duck, See Drillings in Linen.

- Russia Linen, plain, viz.

- Towtiling and Napkining of the Manufacture

of Russia,

- not exceeding 22$ Inches in Breadth --- imported in a British*

built Ship the 120 Ells --- not imported in a British-

buiit Ship, the 1 20 Ells

--Russia Linen, not otherrvife enumerated or described,

- not exceeding 22^ Inches in Breadth,

- imported in a British-built

Ship, the 120 Ells»..... not imported in a British-

buiit ir hip, the 120 Ells

- exceeding 22^ Inches and not exceeding

31J Inches in Breadth,

- imported in a British-built

Ship, the 120 Ells

- not imported in a British-

buiit Ship, the 120 Ells exceeding 31* Inches and not exceeding 36 Inches in Breadth,

- imported in a British-built

Ship, the ito Ells --- not imported in a British-

buiit Ship, the 120 EUs

Permanent. Temporary or War Duty.

Duty. Drawback.

£ /. d £ /. d. £ 1. 1

020 014 008

023 016 009

0 3 3 0 2 2 0 1 1

1 169I46 0 IS 3

1 iS 0 i 4 6 0 u 8

317 6 s 11 8 1 S

0 0 2 if 8 1 6 8

59 3 319 6 1 19 f

63 0 3 19 6 2 I 9

1 1 0 0 14 0 07 0

12 0 0 14 0 0 1 4

O O 028 0 1 4

O $ O 034 0 x 8

0 1990 13 1 0 4 7

1 1 6 0 13 2 0 7 3

i 0 3 0 13 6 069

1 i 3 0 13 6 0 7 1

1 12 3 1 1 6 010 9

1 13 6 1 1 6 oil

280 1 if 0 0 16

f T5 O«16

i:; i

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Linen, — ^RuPia Lincny-lcc. continued.

- exceeding 36 Inqhes and not exceeding

4$ Inches in Breadth,

- imported in a British-built

*c L c Ship, the 120 BUs

not imported in'a British-built Ship, the 120 Ells

- exceeding 45 Inches in Breadth,

- imported in a Britishbuilt

r - Ship, the 120Ells ts.

- not imported in -a British-

boilt Ship, the 120 Ells Sail Cloth, or Sail Duck, riz. i./ , r : ! ----- not exceeding 36 Inches in Bneadtfc, ' '

- imported in a British-built

Ship, the 220 Ells --- not imported in a British-built

Ship, the 120 Ells

n - exceeding 36 Inches in Breadth,

- imported in a British-built

Ship, the 120 Ells not imported in a Britishi-built Ship, the too Ells -« — Sails, for every iool. of the Value, not being chequered or Rriped, or not being printed, painted, Rained or dyed, after the manufacture, or in the Thread or Yarn before the manufacture, and not being otherwise enumerated of described, 'for every cool, of the Value -

- chequered or Rriped, or printed, painted. Rained or dyed

after the manufacture, or in the Thread or Yarn before the manufacture, not being prohibited to be imported into or worn or used in Great Britain, and not being otherwise enumerated or deforibed, for every iocl. of tke Value -n

- German and RuRia Linen, chequered or Rriped, the Thread or Yam of which the fame is made being coloured, Rained or dyed before the manufacture, exported to any Island under the Dominion of His Majesty in the West Indies, in which Description the Bahama Islands and the Bermuda or Someri Islands are included, for every iool. of the Value ----- and also of the Temporary or War Duty,

for every iool. of the Value For the Conditions, Regulations and ReRrictions under which Linen, plain, of all Sorts (except Sail Cloth), may be secured in Warehouses, without Payment of Duty, Or 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

Linen Yam, See Yam.

Linn Boards, See Boards in Wood.

Linseed, See Seed.

- Cakes, the cwt.

1 Oil, Or Oil.

Lion Skins, Or Skins. 1

Li pari Railing Or Raifinc.

Liquorice Juice, See Succui Liquoritir.

- *- 1 --- Powder* the cwt.

- Root, the cwt.

Litharge,

- of Gold, the Cwt.

- of Silver, the cwt.

Litmus, ' the cwt.

Lobflers, Dutyfree.

49 Geo. III.' L' \N'

Permanent.

Duty.

4-6 4

<5 +'

2^16 2 19

43

47 54

d.

9

6

o

9

9

Drawback.

£ A-

a 17 iq*17 10

4. a a

r*

P

40 o o

90 Q O

26 IJ 4

Temporary

or

War Duty.

£ M

1 5

i9

o' o

X5

1

o, 18 8

o, 19 8

f*

i n

I 12 6

18 3

13 6 t

- 3 o

87 XQ O 30 O O

3 - - 1 0 I 0 r "* j 1 1 j 004 t

1 ".i 1 ' -: 1'1 39a 2.0 0 L t. 6, 0 x 6 8 r 3 0 13 4

- , < 1. m - 0 12 6\ ii 0, 0 2 6. 0 0 10 j 0 08 005 0 p 4 0 0 10

i.., 1;

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Logwood, See Wood. Long Pepper, See Pepper. Lodi Hides, 6V. Hides. Lucerne Seed, See Seed. Lupines, the cwt. Luteftriqgs, Catlings.

M.

fPerpetual, fit Ci/uiamon.]

Mace, viz,

- the Produce of, and imported from any Britishi Colony

or Plantation in America, the lb*

y — 7 iimported under Licence, the lb.

For the Chndltions, Regulations, and Restrictions under whiefi Mace may be so imported from any Place, See 3 and Ann. cap.4* BAnn.cap 7.6 Geo. 1. cap.jw; See also 8 Geo. i.eap. 18. continued by severalStatutes, and by 43 Geo. 3. cap. 20. further continued to the 29th September 1809, and from thence to the End of the then* next Sefllonof Parliament,

- Oil of, Sec QiL

Madder, t viz*

- Mull, the cwt. —

- Root, theewt. -'m -

- > of any other Sort, the cwti m

Mahogany* &«Wood.

Maize, See Corn.

Man, I fie of.

For the Condition*, Regulations, and Restrictiona under which Cotton Yarn and Cotton Cloth of the Manila fasture of the Isle of Man, and Beflials and other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the Growth, Produce, and Manufacture of the said Island (with Exceptions as to some Article*) may be imported directly from thence without Payment of acuy Duties of Customs, See 5 Geo. 3. cap. 43. and also 20 Geo. % , cap.42- 34 Geo. 3. cap. 51. and 45 Geo. 3.-cap. 99. Mangrove Bark, See Bark.

Manna, the lb.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions. under which Manna may be secured in Warehouses, without Payment of Duty, See Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126. Maps and Charts, the Piece -

Marble, See Stones.

Marbles for Children, Sec Toys,

Mares, See Horses,

--Hides, See Hides.

Marj jrum, Ifleof, Ste Oil.

Marmalade, the lb.

Martin Skins i 0

- Tails J*' Skms*

Mallich, viz.

- Red, imported directly from the Place of its Growth the lb. —

- not imported directly from the Place of its

Growth, the lb.

- ofnny other Sort, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

- not imported directly from the 1 Place of, its Growth, the lb* -

Mads, See Wood.

Matts, viz*

- of Russia, imported in a British-built Ship* the Hundred, containing Five Score not imported in a British-built Ship, the Hundred, containing Five Score. -l

Permanent.

Duty. I Drawback

£ /. d. £ A £ a.

0 3 o

046

o59

o © 6

030

030

009

009

©09

O O 6 O I o

o. o 9

ou I. 6

015 0 © 15 9

020

0 3 XO

Temporary

or

War Duty.

© I 0

016 0 1 xt

0 0 2'

O I 0

0 1 ©

o © 4 008 006 a 1

o 10 O o 10

O92r

o 0 s

0 0 3

0 ©

o O 4

a o 3

o 0 6

0 S 0

o 5 L

A.D. 1809« 49° GEORGII AH.

C. 98.

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Matts, continued,

- not otherwise enumerated or described, for every xool.

of the Value -

Matting, vix.

- of Barbary or Portugal* the Yard

--of Holland, the Yard -

- not otherwise enumerated ordeferibed, for every tool*

of the Value Mattrefle^ for every lool. of the Value Maw Seed, See Seed.

Mead, the Gallon -

Subject xHo to a Duty of Ere He.

Meal, See Corn.

Medals, for every tool. of the Value Medlars, the Bushel -.

Melasses, the cart.

- the Produce of and imported from the Brittfli Plantations in America, the cwt. for the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Melasses imported from the West Indies may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 13a. 45 Geo. 3. cap.87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

Melting Pots for Goldsmiths, See Pots,

Mercury, vix,

- Precipitate, the lb.

- Sublimate, the lb.

Metals, vix.

- Bell Metal, the cwt.

-» Leaf Metal (except of Leaf Gold) the Packet containing 250 Leaves -

- prepared for Battery, the cwt.

Metheghn, the Galloo -

Subject also to a Duty of Excise.

Mill boards, the cwt.

Millet Seed, See Seed.

See also the Note under the Head of Provisions. Millium Sots, the lb.

Mill Stones, See Stones.

Mineral Water, See Water.

Minerals, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every 100l. of the Value -

Mink Skins, See Skins.

Mohair Yarn, See Camel Yarn in Yarn.

Mole Skins, See Skins.

Morels, the Jb.

Morocco, See Gibraltar.

Moss, nix.

--Rock for Dyers use, the Ton containing »o cwt.

- i - not otherwise enumerated or described, for every jrpo 1.

of the Value -

Mother of Pearl Shells, rough, the lb.

Mules, each -

Mum, See Beer.

Musicalinstruments, for every 1001. of the Value

Musk. the oz. - V-

Mufjquafh Skins, Sec Skins.

Muflard Seed, See Seed.

Mutton, whether salted or otherwise.

See the Note under the ^ead of Provifkmi. Myrobalanes, the cwt.

Myrrh, imported dirp&ly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

--not imported, directly from the Place of its Growth,

the Id.

Myrtle Berries, See Berrjes.

- 1 Wax, See Bay Wax in Wax*

N*

Permanent.

Temporary

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

£ e. d. £ /. d. £ j. d

37 »o »5 0 0 12 XO O

009 006 OO3

006 004 0 0 2

3 7 «> 0 25 0 0 12 IO O

37 10 0 — 12 10 O

003 — O O X

37 Jo 0 r 12 IO O

030 — OIO

0 15 0 0 ip 0 0 j 0

0 490 3 t 0 x 7

013 O O TO 065

0 J 3 O O JO 0 0 5

O J2 6 084 04a

0 0 003 001

220 180 0 i4-o

003 — 001

a 3 0 — 0 14 4

0 © Ah -003 001'

20 0 0 13 6 8 6 1, 4

0 1 p 0 j 2 F 0 0 7

120' — ! 0 ° :

20 0 0 i 3 C 6 r3*4

006 004 0 0 2

3 3 0 — '1 X 0

37 Jo 0 — - 12 IO 0

030 020 O I O

070 04

010 e 0 8 cf 04

0 .2 014 0 0 t

CjO(

8*6 49* GEORGlr 111.; A.D. 180*

[Prrptludi Jtt Cinnamon.]

SCHEDULE (A-WNWARDS.

c... N-

Napkining, See Linen.

Nardus Celtica, the cwxt. - i

Natron, for every iool. of the Value'«

Necklaces of Glass, See Bracelets.

Nest Boxes, See Boxes.

Nets, viz. Old Fishing Nets fit only for making Paper or Pasteboard, See Rags.

Sicaragua Wood, See Wood.

utmegs, i>h..'

- the Produce of and imported from any British Cofdriy

f or Plantation in America, the lb. y.1 imported under Liceucc, the lb/ f for the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions tinder which Nutmegs may be so imported from apyPlace, &*3&4 Anne, cap.4. 8 Anne, cap. 7. 6ffeed. 1. cap. ax. See also 8 Greo.'x. cap. 18. continued by several Statutes, and by 43 Geo. 3. cap. 2d. 'farther con-'; tinued to the 29th September 1809, and frWn theilCc tef/ the End of the then next SefGon of Parlianfient.^;

- candied, the lb.

Oil of See Oil.

Permanent.

Nuts, viz.

- 'Cashew Nuts., for every 100l. of the Value:

- r Chefntits/the Bushel T*-

- Piftachia Nuts imported directly from the Place &f their Growth, the lb.

" - - - £ not imported directTy from the Place of their, Grojvth, the lb..1 -1

- small Nilts, the Bushel '

s Walnuts, the Bushel -

- not otherwise enumerated or defenbed, for every 100L*., of the Value -

Nux'^Vomici, the Tb.

O.

Oak Bark, See Bark.

--Boards, See Boa>ds.

- Knees, See Knees of Oak in Wobd.

Oakom, the cwt. 4 V

Oars, See Wood.

Oatmeal, 1 r

Oats, } SetCom-

Oculi Cancforum, See Cahcfonim Ocdli.*

Oil, viz. 1

- of AlmOndf, the lb.

df Amber, or^uccinum, the lb.

- of Annneed, the lb.'! J 1 -

r- of Bay, the cwt. "

r- of Cajaputa, the oz.

df CarrUway, the lb.

- of Ctfia, the oz.

of CaRor, the Tb. - 4 -

Chemical Oil, not otherwise enumerated or described, fhelb.

- of Cinnamon, the 02.

- of Cloves, the oz.

Fish Oil, See Train Oil in Oil. r — of hjemip Seed, the tbu, coptaining 252 Gallon!*

hi Jcfiaihine, the ib.'*, -

of Junider, the lb., «' f

gf Lavender, the lb. - 1;

- of Lmfred, the tub, Containing^251 Gallon! of Mace, the oz.'*

Duty.

£ /. d

O la 20 0

0 3

O j o

20 O O 2

O O

6*i o 1 0 1

Vr

o o

o o o 3 o 2 o 16 o r

U '6

o,

*4 o 0 1 b*21 o'

o 1

6

6

6

o

<5

6

6

9

3

o

o

fl

'6

6

9

"3

o

3

Drawback.

£ /. d

084

13 6 8

Temporary

or

War Duty,

£ /. I

o 4

6 lj 4

024

ioof

loll

*./ I '

\ & '3 4

r.3 6 8 <5 13 4

0 7- 8'*0 0 TO

0 0 4 b 0 2"

0 0 8 0 0 4

0 1 a 0 0 7

b 1 2 1 d X 7

35 0912 10

0 0 6 0 b 3

o a 0

o o o 2

o x o 10 o t

o 'i

o b

6 x.

b t> 10

1 8

x

O0 0 0 o o 0 o o o 0 0

b 10

51 6 6

390

4

0 0 0o 0 3 b*o 0 0 5

1

1

1

A.D. 1809.

49* GECR<jiI III.

C. 98.

821

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

6 il, continued.

- of Marjoram, the lb.

- of Nutmegs, the oz,

- of Oranges, the lb.

- Ordinary Oil of Olives imported in a British-built Ship

the tun, containing 152 Gallons

- not imported in a Brhifh-built Ship

the tun, containing 25 a Gallons

- ©t Talm, the cwt.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reflri&ions unde which Oil of Olives or Palm Ofl may be fecnred ii War^houses without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137 and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

- perfumed Oil, not otherwise enumerated or described, thelb

- of Pine, for every iool. of the Value tt of Rape Seed, the tun, containing 25 a Gallons

- Rock Oil, the lb.

- of Rofeihary, the lb.

- of Roses^ See Otto of Roses — of Rose Wood, the lb.

Salad Oil, imported in a British-built Ship, the Gallon

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the

Gallon -

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Salad Oil may be secured inWarehouses, without Payment of Duty, See 43 Gio.J* cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. B7. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. add 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

- of Sassafras, the lb.

- Seal Oil* See Train Oil, in Oil.

- Seed Oil, not otherwise enumerated or described, the tun,

containing 252 Gallons — of Spike, the lb.

- of Succiftum, See Oil of Amber

- of Thynie, the lb.

- Train Oil and Blubber, viz.

- Blubber, the Produce of Fish or Creatures

living in the Sea, taken and caught by the Grew of a British Ship ot Vessel, wholly owned by His Majesty's Subject usually re-siding in Great Britain, Ireland, or the (^I (lands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark,

or Man, l^giftered and navigated according to Law, and imported in any such Shipping, the Tun containing 252 Gallons - - Blubber, the Produce of Fish or Creatures living in the Sea, taken and caught on the Banki and Shores of the Island of Newfoundland, and Parts adjacent, wholly by His Majesty's Subjectt carrying on such Fishery from that Island and refiaing therein, and imported direct, from thence in a British-built Ship or Vessel, registered and navigated according to-j Law, the Tun containing 25a Gallons'* t Blubber, tic Produce of Fish or Creatures

living irt the .vea, taken and caught wholly by H is Majesty's Subjects usually fefiding in, any of the Bahama or Bermudas Islands, or in any Ifritish Colony or Plantation id North*

Ameri h, and imported in a ftrhifh-boilt Ship or Vessel, registered dn$ rt'dvig&ted according; to Law! the Tun, ednfairtirig 2^2 CallbnfeT -, .*>. Blubber, the Prpdijcejof' Fim dr ^etltutbs

J living in the Sea, talden and caught wholly by His Majesty's Subjects usually residing in

Permanent.

Duty. Drawback.

036

<0 19 6

£ s. d. £ /. d. £ X, d.

019 012 007

613 0 0 10 005

023 oz6 009

97 <>, 6 ix 8 3 5 10

10 ro 0 6 it 8 3 10 0

040 028 0 1 4

023 016 009

37 i° 0 25 0 0 12 10 0

2 r 00 0 0 t'604 70# 002

0 J 3 O O fO 005

0 15 0 O IO O 050

030 0 2 0 0 1 0

036 O ft O O I 2'

o f 6 6x0 0 0 6

2T O O OO9 006 7 0 0 003

O I90 I .2 0 0 7/

*o

Temporary

or

War Duty.

012

03 6

094

Permanent.

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Duty.

Drawback.

Temporary

or

War Duty.

Oil, — Train Oil and Blubber, ctitinvcd.

any other British Colony, Plantation, Territory, or Settlement, and imported in a British-built Ship -or Vessel, registered and navigated according to Law, the Tun containing 252 Gallons

- Blubber, the Produce of Fish or Creatures

living in the Sea, of Foreign Fishing, the Tun containing 252 Gallons - - Train Oil, the Produce of Fish.or Creatures living in the Sea, taken and caught by the Crew of a British built Ship or Vessel woolly owned by His Majesty's .Subjects usually reflding in Great Britain, Ireland, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, registered and navigated according to Law and imported in any such Shipping, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons

- Train Oil, the Produce of Fish or Creatures

living in the Sea, taken and caught on the Banks ancLShom of the Island of Newfoundland and Parts.adjacent, wholly by His Majesty's Subjects carrying on such Fishery from that JflandLand reflding therein, and imported directly from thence in a British-built Ship-or Vessel, registered and navigated according to Law, the Tun, containing 292 Gallons^. - - Train Oil, the Produce of Fish or Creatures

£ /. d.

310 o 14 o o

© S 3

stf W.

£ /. i

1 3 4 43 4

0x9

oS 3

living in the Sea, taken and caught wholly by His Majesty's Subjects usually reflding in any of the Bahama or Bermudas Islands, or in any British folony or Plantation in North America, and imported in a British-bui t Ship or Vessel registered and navigated according to Law, the Tun containing 252 Gallons

.- Train Oil, the Produce of Fish or Creatures

living in the Sea, taken and caught wholly by His Majesty's Subjects usually reflding in any other British Colony, Plantation, Territory or Settlement, and imported in a British-buik Ship or Vessel registered and navigated according to Law, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons

- Train Oil, the Produce of Fish -or Creatures

living in the Sea of f reign Fishing, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons

- .* - - Spermaceti Oil or Head Matter, taken and caught by the Crew-of a British-built Skip or Vessel, wholly owned by His Majesty> Subjects usually reflding in Great Britain, Ireland, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, registered and navigated according to Law, and imported in any such Shipping, the Tun containing 252 Gallons

- Spermaceti Oil or Head Matter, taken and

caught on the Banks and Shores of the Island of Newfoundland, and Parts adjacent, wholly by His Majesty's Subjects carrying qq such r ifhery from that Island, and reflding therein, and imported directly from thence in a British-built Ship or Vessel, registered and navigated according to Law, the Tun, laimng .252 Gallons -

220

5 5°

21 o o

© 5 3

5 9

o J4 0

1 15 0

70

0 .} 9

oil

C. 9S. 82J

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

.©ily> — Spermaceti. Oil, continued*

- Spermaceti Oil or Head Matter, taken and

caught wholly by His Majesty's Subjects usually refidingin any of the Bahama or Bermudas Islands, or in any British Coloay or Plan* ration in North America, and imported in a Eriiifh-built Ship or Vessel registered and navigated according to Law, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons -

- Spermaceti Oil or Head Matter, taken and caught wholly by His Majesty's Subjects usually residing in any other British Colony, Plantation, Territory, or Settlement* and imported in a British-built hip or Vessel, re giftered and navigated according to Law, the Tun, containing 232 Gallons

- Spermaceti Oil or Head Matter, of Foreign

Fishing, the Tun containing 25a Gallons For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Blubber, Train Oil, Spermaceti Oil or Head Matter may be admitted to Entry as British taken and caught, on Payment of the above Duty, (as the Case may be), J'* the A£\ to which this Schedule is annexed.* For tn<* Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Spermaceti Oil, Head Matter, Train Oil and all other Fish Oil and Blubber of Britishi Fishing may be secured in approved Places, without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. iap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126. of Turpentine, the lb,

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reflri&ions under which Oil of Turpentine may be secured in Warehouses, without Payment of Duty, Sr* 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. «a6.

- of Vitnol, the lb. —

- Walnut Oil, the Gallon

- Whale Oil, See Train Oil.

- not particularly enumerated or described or otherwise charged with Duty, for every iool. of the Value Oker, the cwt.

Olibanum, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the cwt.

not imported directly from the Place of its Growth,

the cwt.

Olive Oil, See ordinary Oil of Olives in Oil.

- Wood, 'ee Wood.

Olives, the Gallon -

Onion Seed, See Seed.

Onions, the Bushel Open Tapes, See Tapes.

Opium imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb. not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Opium may be secured in Warehouses, without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 4$ Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126. Opoponax Gum, See Gum.

Orange Flower Ointment, the lb.

- Water, the Gabon

Orange*imported in a British-built Ship, the 1000

- not imported in a British built Ship, the IOOOO

- Oil of See Oil,;

Orchal, the cwt.*-

OwrbcBa oil Archelia, thriewt.

Permanent.

Duty.

£ /. d.

3 3°

IS is o 22 1 o

Drawback

0 0 3 — 0 O X

0 2 6 0 X 8 0 O 10

37 10 0 2S 0 0 12 JO 0

0 4 3 0 2 10 0 r

1 10 0 1 O 0 0 10 ©

3 0 0 2 O 0 1 0 or

0 i 6 — 0 0 6

0 09 — 0 0 3

0 5 6 0 3 8 0 1 JO

0 11 0 0. 7 4 0 3 8-

0 09c 0 6 e 0 3*

0 2 0.0 1 4 Q 0 8

*0 12 3 0 8 2 O 4 1

0 13 0 0 8 2 O 4 4

e 5 6 O 1 101.

0 10 6 91 6-

Temporary

or

War Duty.

Sr d.

I

5 5 7 7

[§37, 3*1

O' O l{

tJ 24- C. 98.

49° GEORGII III.

[Are 43 C.

c. 68. § U.]

SCHEDULE (A.)^INWARDS.

3.

Ordinary Oil of Olives, See Oil.

Ore, viz.

- Copper, See Copper.

- Gold, See Bullion.

- Iron, See Iron.

- Lead, See Lead.

- Silver, See Bullion.

-r — , not otherwise enumerated or described, for every iool.

of the Value Origanum, lb.

Orpiment or Auripigmentum, the cwt.

Orrice or Iris Root, the cwt.

Orfedew, the lb.

Ostrich Feathers, See Feather*.

Otter Skins, See Skins.

Otto of Roses or Oil of Rpfes, the oz.

Ounce Skins, See Skins.

Cutnal Thread, See Thread.

Ox Hair, fqe Brill, Cow, or Ox Hair in Hair.

- Hides, See Bull, Cow, or Ox Hides in Hide*.

- Horns, See Horns.

- Tails, See Tails.

Oxen, See Cattle.

See also the Note under the Head of Provision*. Oysters, the Bushel -

P.

Pack Duck, See Drillings in Linen.

Packing Canvass, See Canvass in Linen.

Pack Thread, See Thread.

Pails or Kits of Wood, the Dozen

Painted Paper, See Paper.

Painter's Colours not otherwise enumerated or described, the lb

Paintings on Glass, for every iool. of the Value Subject also to a Duty of Excise.

Failing Bpards, Sec Board* in Wood.

Palm Oil, See Oil.

Panthers Skins, See Skins.

Pantiles, See Tiles.

Paper, <143.

--; — Brown Paper made of old Rope or Cordage only,

without separating or extracting the Pitch or Tar therefrom, and without any Mixture of other Materials therewith, tho lb. r

- printed, painted, or stained Paper or Paper Hanging*,

the Yard Square ----- Wade Paper or Paper of any other Sort not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, the lb.

Parchment, the Dozen Sheets -

Palleboards' the cwt.

Paving Stones, See Stone*.

- Tiles, See Tiles.

Pearl Ashes, See A (he*.

Pearl Barley, the cwt. 5

Pearls, for every iool. of the Value*«

Pearl Shells, See Mother of Pearl Shells.

Pears, the Bushel -

- dried, the Bushel

Pease, See Corn.

Pebble Stones, See Stone*.

Pelli^pry, the lb.

Pelts, See Skins.

Pencils, for every iool. of the Value 14

Pen*, foj every iool. of the Value -

I. A.D. 1809.

Permane nt. T emporary

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

£ s. £ t. £ i.

20 0 0 , 368 6 13 4

0 19 0 12 0 0 7

Ol8 0 0 12 0 O^O

Ol8o 0 12 0 0 6 0

OO9 0 0 6 O O b)

07 6 O «*> O 0 t (

009 T 0 0 3

026 0 0 x*

006 O O 0 0

37 10 0 — 12 10

006

009

010

063

23 o

oil O 10 o o

003

*7 10 o

37 10 0

o 7 4

o o '

>5 O O

15«c

0 0 1

0 0 3

O 0 4

O 2 I

0 14 4

o 3 I

3 6 S

o' 1 0

0 1 4

0 0 1

13 jo 0 12 10

SCHEDULE (A.)-INWARDS.

Pepper, viz.

- Cayenne Pepper, the ft).

- Guinea Pepper, the lb.

- 1 1 Long Pepper, the lb.

Perfumed Dud, See Hair Powder

- Oil, See Oil.

Perry, the Tun, containing 25a Gallons

Subject also to a Duty of Excise.

Peruvianus Cortex, See Cortex.

Pewter, old, the cwt.

Pickles of all Sorts, not otherwise enumerated or described, the Gallon -

Picture Frames, See Frames.

Pi&urcs, viz.

- under Two Feet Square, the Picture

- of Two Feet Square, and under Four Feet Square,

the Picture -

- of Four Feet Square, or upwards, the Fixture

Pig Iron, See Iron.

- u Lead, See Lead.

Pill Boxes, See Boxes.

Pimento, viz.

of the British Plantations, the lb.

- not of the British Plantations, the lb.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restri£tions under which Pimento, imported from the West Indies, may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 4s Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

Pine Oil, See Oil.

Piak Root, the lb.

Piony or Peoni Seed, See Seed.

Pipe Boards, See Boards in Wood.

Piftachia Nuts, See Nuts.

Pitch, viz.

- imported in a British-built Ship, the Last containing 12

Barrels, each Barrel not exceeding 3Gallons — — not imported in a British-built Ship, the Lad containing 12 Barrels, each Barrel not exceeding 31 £ Gallons the Produce of any of the Dominions or Plan tit ions of the Crown of Great Britain, the Last containing 12 Barrels, each Barrel not exceeding 31! Gallons For the Conditions, Regulations, and restrictions under which Pitch may be secured in approved Places without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap.87. 46 Geo. 3. cap.137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

- Burgundy Pitch, the cwt.

Plaister of Paris, the cwt.

Plate, viz.

battered, fit only to be re-manufactured. See Bullioa.

- of Gold, the oz. Troy -

--of Silver Gilt, the oz. Troy

- 1. of Silver, Part Gilt, the oz. Troy — ungilt, the oz. Troy Plate Glass, See Glass.

Platters of Wood, the Dozen -

Platting, or other Manufactures, viz.

- of Bast, Chip, Cane, or Horse Hair, to be used in,

or proper for making Hats or Bonnets, the lb.

- of Straw, to be used in, or proper for making Hats

or Bonnets, the lb.

Plume Alum, See Alom«

Plumbs, dried, the lb.

Policing Rufhet, for every |ooL of the Value

49 Geo. III. 3 O

Permanent. Temporary or War Dirty.

Duty. Drawback.

/. d. e£ e. d. £ s. <U

030 020 010

010 008 004

006 004 002

1° 15 3 7 3 <5 3*19.

0 18 0 O 12 O 0 6

0 0 — Old

230 — 0 14 4

460 — i 1 8 8

6903

006 OO4 002

009 0 0 6 003

0 #6 004 0 0 2

0 18 0 0 6

0 19 0 — 064

0 i<5 0 - 0 5 4

090 060 0 3

0 1 6 010 0 0 4

2 8 6 u 0 t6 2

040 — 0 1 4

0 39 — 0 r 1

029 — 0 0 11

0 r 0 — 004

0 39 — 013

0 109 — 0 3;

009 — 0 0

as t i3 4

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWAUDS.

Polishing Stones, See Stones.

Polypodium, the lb.

Pomatum, for every iool. of the Value

Pomegranates, the 1000 -

- Peels of, the cwt.

Pomice Stones, See Stones.

Poreelane, See China Ware.

Pork, whether salted or otherwise.

Are the Note under the Head of Provisions.

Portugal, Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Growth, Produce, or Manufactures of any of the Territories or Possessions of the Crown of Portugal, in South America, See Brazil.

Pot Ashes, See Ashes.

Potatoes, the cwt.

See the Note under the Head of Provisions.

Pots, viz.

- Melting Pots for Goidsmiths, the Hundred, containing Five Score -

- of Stone, for every iocl. of the Value Poultry, See the Note under the Head of Provisions.

Powder, tiz.

- of Brass for japanning, the lb.

- of Bronze, for every i«ol. of the Value

- Gun Powder, See in G.

- Hair Powder, See i: i H.

- Sago Powder, See in S.

Precious Stones, See Emeralds.

Prints, viz.

Paper Prints, plain, the Piece

- coloured, for every tool, of the Value Printers' Ink, See Ink for Printers.

Prize Goods, Table C.

Provisions.

Note — His Majesty is authorized to permit, for a limited Time, by Order in Council, the Importation into Great Britain, from any Port or Place whatever, in any British Ship or Vessel, or in any ether Slop or Vessel belonging to Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, and navigated in any Manner whatever, of any Beans called Kidney or French Beans, Tares, Lentiles, Callivauccs and all other Sorts of Pulse; and also Bulls, Cows, Oxen, Calves, Sheep, .Lambs and Swine, Beef, Pork, Mutton, Veal and Lamb, whether salted or otherwise, Bacon, Haim, Tongues, Butter, Chcefe, Potatoes, Kice, Sago, Sago Powder, Tapioca, Vermicelli, Millet Seed, Poultry, Fowls, Eggs, Game and Sour Crout, Duty free, provided due Entry be made. His Majesty is likewise authorized in like Manner to recall such permission either in part or in the whole, if Circumstances shall feero io to require, See 39 Geo. 3. cap. 87. continued by subsequent Acts and by 49 Geo. 3. cap. 23. revived and further continued until the 25th March liiio.

Prunella Sal, See Sal.

Pnmeiloes, the lb.

Prunes, imported in a British built Ship, the cut.

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Prunes may be secured iu Warehouses, without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

Pfyllium, the lb.

Puddings, See Sausages.

Pulse, See the Note under the Head of Provisions.

Tyrmont Water, See Mineral Water in Water.

Permanent.

Duty.

£ /. d.

003 37 10 o 0186 096

020

37° 0

036

37 10 0

010

37 10 0

Drawback.

Temporary

or

War Duty.

£ J. d. 0 0 2 25 O O

OI4 25 0 0

0 2 4

25 O O

009 o 17 3 o i&

© 3

o 11 6 o 11 6

dd t. d. o o 1 12 10 0 061 03 a.

905

008 12 10 ©

0 12 12 19 O

0 0 4

12 10 0

o 0 3

# I 9

060

o l

A.D. 1809. 49° GEORGII III.

C. 98.

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Quaflia Wood, See Lignum Quaflia.

Quebec.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Goods and Commodities of the Growth or Production of any of the Countries bordering upon the Province of Quebec and legally brought by Land or Inland Navigation into that Province, may be imported from thence into Great Britain and charged with Duty, or be exempt therefrom in like Manner as if such Goods and Commodities were of the Growth or Production of Quebec, and imported directly from thence, See 30 Geo. 3. cap 29.

Quercitron, or Black Oak Bark, See Bark.

Quern Stones, See Stones.

Quicksilver, the lb.

For the Conditions, Regulations, ?nd Restrictions under whichQuicksilver may be lean ed inWarehouses without Payment of Duty, ^43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126. Quills, viz.

- Goose Quills, the 1000

- Swan Quills, the 1000 Quinces, the Flundred, containing 5 Score

R.

Raccoon Skins, See Skins.

Radix, viz.

- Contraycrvoe, the lb.

- Entike Campanae, the cwt.

- Eringii, the lb.

- lpecacoanha?, the lb.

- Senekse, the lb.

- Serpentarin? or Snake Root, the lb.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Rc(lri&ion3 under which Radix Serpentarise or Snake Root may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 1 32. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137, and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

Rag Stones, See Stones.

Rags, old, old Ropes or Junk or old Fishing Nets, fit only for making Paper Or Pasteboard, or for the Purpose of Manure, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

- imported in a British-built Ship

--not imported in a British-built Ship

Rairins, viz

- Belvedere Raisins, imported in a British-built Ship,

the cwt.

- not imported in a British-built Ship,

the cwt.

- Dcnia Raisins, imported in a British-built Ship,

the cwt.

- not imported in a British-built Ship,

the cwt., -

- Faro Raisins, imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt

- not imported in a British-built Ship

the cwt.

- Lcxia Raisins, imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt

not importediu a British-built Ship, the cwt.

- Iripari Raisins, imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt,

- not imported in a British-built Ship, Ithe cwt. I

5 O 2 '

Permanent.

Duty.

£ 1. d.

01 6

076 o 2 6

o

o

G

O

O

O

6

3

3

14

o 16 3

o 17 3

013 6

o 14 3

012 3

013 o

013 6

O 14 3

014 o

O 149o 13 6

o 14 3

Drawback.

£ s. d

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o9o 9

o 8

o 8 o 9

o9o 9

Temporary

or

War Duty. £ i. d

094

090

090

004

006

026

O O 19

O

O

o

o

o

o

4

J6

1

9

if

4-i

0 5 5

0 5 9

046

049

041

044.

046

o 49*

048

o 4 11 046

Coogh

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Raisins, continued.

- Smyrna Raisins, imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt.

- not imported in a Brkish-buiit Ship,

the cwt.

- of the Sun, imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt.

- not imported in a British-built Ship,

the cwt.

- not otherwise enumerated or describctf,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt.

- not imported in a British-built Ship,

the cwt.

Tor the Conditions, Regulations, and Reflations under which Raisins of all Sorts may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

Rape Cakes, the cwt.

- Seed, See Seed.

- Seed Oil, See Oil.

Rape of Grapes, the Tun containing 252 Gallons Ratafia, See Cordial Water in Spirits.

Rattans, See Canes.

Raw Linen Yarn, &*Yarn.

- Silk, See Silk.

RedWood, See Wood.

- Wool, See Wool.

Reed Canes, See Canes.

Rennett, the Gallon -

Resina Jalappse, the lb.

Rhinehurst, the cwt.

Rhodium Lignum, See Rose Wood in W^od.

Rhubarb, the lb.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictiona under which Rhubarb may be secured in Warohouses without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap.137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

Rice, the cwt.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reflations under which Rice may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 G. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126. See also the Note under the Head of Provisiona.

Roch Alum, See Alum.

Rock Moss, See Moss.

- Oil, &rOil.

Romanum Vitriolum, See Vitriolum Fomanum.

Ropes of Bast, See Bast Ropes.

- new, See Cordage.

old. See Kac*'

Rose Copper, See Copper* Rose Leaves, See Leaves.

Rosemary, Oil of, )- f>\

See Oil.

Rose-wood, Oil of,

Roses, Oil of, See Otto of Roses.

Rosin or Colophonia, viz,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt.

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the ewt.

- the Produc# of any of the Dominions or Plantations belonging to the Crown of Great Britain, the cwt. - For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Rolin may be secured in approved Placet, without Payment of Duty, Set 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46^00.3. cap. 137. aad48Gc#.J. tap. 126.

0

o

o

0 3 4 390

o* a 6

4 9

3 t

3 6

Permanent. Temporary

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

£ /. d. £ /. d. £ /. 1

0 1590 10 6 0 5 3

0 16 6 0 10 6 056

169 0 17 10 0 8 it

17 6 0 17 TO 092

0 >2 3 0 8 t 0 4 1

0 to M O 082

OIO 7 0a 43 4 5 0 0 4 268

0 0 2 O T 10 060

a r 8

o 3

o 0 1 0 1 5

0 3 0

0 0 10

o 1 T

o y*o 1 1

o

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Round Wood, See Wood. Rubies, See Emeralds. Rum, See Spirits.

Rye, See Corn.

Sable Skins, See Skins.

Saccharum Saturni, the lb.

Safflower, the cwt. -

Saffron, the lb -

For the Conditions/ Regulations, and Restrictions under which Saffron may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cmp. 126. Sugapenum Gum, See Gum.

Sago, the lb.

See the Note under the Head of Provisions.

- Powder, for every iooi. of the Value -

See the Note under the Head of Provisions.

Sail Cloth or Sail Duck, See Sail Cloth in Linen.

Sails, See Linen.

Sal, vi %

- Ammoniacus, the lb.

- Gem, the «wt.

- Limonum or Acetofelia, the lb.

- Prunelle, the lb.

*-- Succini, the lb.

Salep or Salop imported dire£Uy from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

> not imported directly from, the Place of its

Growth, the lb.

Salad Oif, See Oil.

Salt imported in a British-built Ship, the Wey containing 40 Bushels, each Bushel containing 56 lbs.

« — not imported in a JBritish-built i>hip, the Wey containing 40 Bushels, each Bushel containing 56 lbs.

For the Conditions, Regulations, ana Restrictions under which the Importer or Proprietor of any foreign Salt may give Bond for the Payment of the Duties of Cuf-, toms within Twelve Calendar Months, and which Bond may be cancelled on the Exportation of such Salt within that Period, See 26 Geo. 3. cap. 26.

In case the full Duties of Customs on such Salt shall have been paid at or before the Expiration of the said Twtive Calendar Months, and such Salt shall be afterwards exported, the whole of the said Duties shall he drawn back, See 26 Geo. 3. cap. 26.

Salt is also subject to a.Duty of Excise.

Salt Petre, the cwt.

Sand Boxes, See Boxes.

Sandrajto Gum, See Gum.

Bangui's Draconis, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

- nofc imported due dll y from the Place of

its Growth, the lb.

Saphora, for every tool, of the Value Sarcocolla Gum, See Gum.

Sark, Island of, See Guernsey.

Sarsaparilla, the lb.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Sarsaparilla may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126. iaffafras, the cwt.

- Oil of, Sa 01

Permanent.

Duty.

si S. el.

006

5

046

004

37 10 o

003

05°

030

003

009

0*6

0 5 3*

060

Drawback.

si s. d.

904

030

003 25 o o

0 2 0

O Q 2

O I 4

0 0 6

O 1. O

O36

o 3, 6

003

20

20 o o

009

040

008

014

13 6 8

006

M 2 8

Temporary

or

War Duty.

j£. d.

0 2

1 IQ

1 6

Q O l£

iz 10 q

O O I-

a i 8

o 1 a

0 0 1

908.

003-

a o 6

019

0 2 9

o o 1

004

o98

6 13 4

03

o 1

830 C. 93.

49s GEORGII III.

A.D. 1809.

SCHEDULE (A.)-INWARDS.

launders, viz.

- Red, the ewt.

- White or Yellow, the lb.

Sausages or Pudding?, the lb.

Sealeboards, the cwt.

Scammony, imported dire£Uy from the Place of ks Growth, the lb.

- not imported direct, from the Place of its

Growth, th^lb.

Scoops of Wood, the Dozen -

Scratch Brufhcs, for every tool, of the Valne

Sculptured Marble, See Stones.

Sea Cow, Sea Horse, or Sea Morse Teeth, the1 lb.

Sealing Wax, See Wax.

Seal Oil, See Train Gil in Oil.

- Skins, See Skins.

Seed, r/«. "

- Am mi Seed, the lb.

- Anniseed, the cwt.* -

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reflri&ioiis under which Anniseed may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

- Canary Seed, the cwt.

- Carraway Seed, the cvvt.

- Carrot Seed, the lb.

--Carthamus Seed, the lb.

- Clover Seed, the cwt.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Clover Seed may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46, Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

- Cole Seed, the Qua* ter containing Eight Busheis

--Coriander Seed, the cwt.

--Cummin Seed, the cvvt,

--Fennel Seed, the lb.

--Fenugreek Seed, the cwt.

--Flax Seed, the Bushel

--Foreil Seed, for every Tool, of the Value

--Furze Seed, the cwt.

--Garden Seed, not particularly enumerated or describec

or otherwise charged with Duty, the lb.

--Hemp Seed, the Quarter containing Eight Busheis

--the I'roduce of and imported from the British

Colonies or Plantations in America, the Quarter containing Eight Busheis

- Linseed, the Bushel

- Lucerne Seed, the cwt.

- Maw Seed, the cwt.

--Millet Seed, the cwt.

See the Note under the Head of Provisions.

- Milliard Seed, the cwt.

- : — Onion Seed, - the cwt, -

- Piony or Peoni Seed, the lb.

- Rape Seed, the Quarter containing 8 Bushel8 — Rape Seed, Cole Seed, or Hemp Seed, and all other Seeds -not otherwifie charged with Duty commonly made use of for the Purpose of extracting Oil therefrom (whenever the Piice of middling British Rape-Seed shall be at or above 17l. 10s. per last) such Seed being of the Growth of any of the Colonies, Plantations or Provinces belonging to His Majesty in North America, and imported from thence, the Last containing fco Quarters, etch Quarter ©9ntaicting eight Bushels

Permanent. Temporary

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

£ s. d. 026 £ s. d. £ 1. 1 0 0 ic

006 009 2 3 0 004 0 0 2 0 0 0 14 4

040 028 0 i 4

080 c 1 6 % 0 5 4 028 006

37 10 0 25 0 x> 12 10 0

0 1 0 008 004

0 © 3 0 © 2 0 0 1

1 8 6 0 19 0 09$

1 r 6 0 14*07*

070 048 0»4

0 0 4i 003 OOl]

003 002 0 0 I

060 040 0 2©

0 17 3 0 11 6

060 0 4 0

010 0 068

003' 0 0 2

049 032

003 —

20 0 0 13 6 8

0 0 4{

0 0 4-y O O U)

Oil

VO O 0 —

003 —

0 6 3 0 4 2

1 0 0 0 13 4

0 590 3 10

0 3 3 022

5 3 017 6

003 002

0 16 6

026

6 13

o 0

0

4

1

7

t

4

if

o 0 1»

O 3 S

0 s

0 1 2 1 6

1 11

o 1 1

089

o o 1

O 5 6

0

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Sfeed-r-Rapte Seed, &c.continued.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Refhi&ions under which such Seed may be so imported on Payment of the last-mentioned Duty, See J5 Geo. 3. cap. 34. and 30 Geo. 3. cap. 4r.

- Rape Seed, Cole Seed or Hemp Seed, and all other

Seed not otherwise charged with Duty, commonly made use of for the Purpose of extracting the Oil therefrom (whenever the Price of middling British Rape Seed shall be at or above 20l. per Lad) imported in a British Ship from any Country whatever, the Daft containing 10 Quarters, each Quarter containing eight Bushels For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrifyons under which such Seed may be so imported, on Payment of the last-mentioned Duty, See 15 Geo. 3. cap. 34. 30 Geo. 3. cap. 41. See also 35 Geo. 3. cap. 117. continued by several Statutes, by Geo. 3. cap. farther continued until 24th June 1809* and by 49 Geo. 3. cap. ao. made perpetual.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Rape Seed may befecured in Warehouses, without Payment of Duty, See 30 Geo. 3. cap. 41. See also 35 Geo. 3. cap. 117. continued by several Statutes, by Geo. 3. cap. 35. further continued until the 24th June 1809, and by 49 Geo. 3. cap. 20. made perpetual.

- Worm Seed, imported directly from the' Place of its Growth, the lb.

- not imported directly from the Place of its

Growth, the lb.

Seed* not particularly enumerated or described, pr otherwise charged with Duty, for every iool. of the Value Seed Lac, See Lac in Gum.

Seed Oil, See Oil.

Sena, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb. not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictioni under which Sena may be let ured in Warehaufes, without Payment of Duty, See 4$ Geo. 3. cap. 13a. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and48 Geo. 3. cap. 126. Senega Gum, See Gum.

Serpentine Powder, See Gunpowder Sharen Latten, See Latten.

Shaving for Hats, See Platting.

Sheep, See the Note under the Head of Frovifionf,

- Skins, S: e Skins.

- Wool, See Wool;

SheHac, Set Lac in Gum.

SheUs, Mother of Poerl, Set in.Mt

Ships, with their Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture, (except Sails) for every 1001 of the Value -

--Prize, See Table (C.)

- Tonnage Duty thereon, See Table (D.)

Shovels of Wood unlhod, the Dozen

Shruff or old Brafr, fit only to be re-manufactured^ tht<«Wt'* Shumach or Sumach, the cwt.

Silk, viz, -'*

- Kaube or; Huflc*of Silk, thelb " -

- Raw Silk, the lb.

- Thrown Silk, dyed, the lb.

- mot dyed, (he lb.

Permanent.

Duty.

£ d.

o a 6

o 09 016 37 to o

009 o 1 €

20 o o

O 3. 6

<y 17 9

02 6 041. 1 8 9

o> {>< 3

Drawback.

£ s. d.

o © 6 o 1 o

25* o o

o 06 010

11 10

© 1 8

o t9o 19 2 o

Temporary

or

War Duty.

£ s. d.

o o 10

003

o 0 6 za to o

o o 3 o o 6-

6 13 4

ola

o 5 11 004.

o o 10 or I

0 ft I ©

SCHEDULE (A, ) — INWARDS.

Silk, continued\

--Wade Silk, not otherwise enumerated*or described, the lb.

Tor the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrict ion sunder which !Raw Silk, Thrown Silk, and Walle Silk may he 'secured ia Warehousrs without Payment of Duty, See .43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap.8.; . 46GC0.3. cap. 137, and4»G., 3 cap. 126.

- Wrought Silk, v>z.

- 1 Crapes or Tiffanies of the Manufacture of Italy imported

directly from thence, the lb.

Silk-worm Gut, for every tool, of the Value Silver Coin, See Bullion.

- Plate, &e Plate.

Simarouba Cortex, See Cortex.

Singing Birds, See Birds.

Sifters Thread, See Thread.

Skates for Sliding, for every 100l. of the Value Skeets for Whit Hers, the bkcet -

Skins and Furs, vix.

--Badger Skins, undressed, the Skin

- Bear Skins, undressed, the Skin

- imported from any Britishi Colony, Planta-

tion or Settlement in America, the Skin -

- Beaver Skins, undressed, the Skin

imported from any British Colony, Planta-

tion, or Settlement in America, the Skin

- Buck or Deer Skins, See Deer bkins -

- Calabar, See Squirrel Skins.

: Calves Skins in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, curried, or in any waydressed,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the Dozen

Skins -

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the

Dozen Skins -

- tanned and not otherwise dressed, the lb.

Note. — His Majesty ia authorized to permit by order in Council any Calve Skins or Pieces of Calve Skins, drefftd or undressed, to be imported into Great Britain in any Foreign Ship or Vessel, on Payment of such Duties as are due and payable thereon when imported in a British-built Ship, See Geo. 3. cap. 29. revived and continued by 45 Geo. 3.cap. 8c. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 29. and by 48 Geo. 3. cap. 24 further continued until Three Months after the Ratification ort definitive Treaty of Peace.

- Cat^Gkins, undressed, the ^kin

- imported from any British Colony, Planta tion, or Settlement in America, the Skin

- Coney Skins, undressed, the Dozen Skins — Deer Skins, undressed, the Skin

- imported from any British Colony, Planta tion, or Settlement in America, the Skin --- Indian, half dressed or shaved, the Skin

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Indian Deer Skins half dressed or shaved may be secured in approved Haces without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 8$. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

- D"g Skins in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or in any

way dressed,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the Dozen Skint

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the Dozen Skint

- Dog Fish Skint, undressed, the Dozen Skint

Permanent.

Duty.

o

s. el. 2 6

T

37

37

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

Drawback.

19 o 10 o

0 ioi 7 9

5 3

1 o

003

1 3

4 6

6 6

6

6

4v

3 I

£ s. d. o t 8

In

007

05*

053

004

o 06 0 0 4

q

Temporary

or

War Duty.

o

s. d.

0 10

*3 10 0

0

If

3*

7

9

o 0 1

005

1 6

0 t

t

1

if

Of

if

0

1 a 1 1

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Skins, continued.

- .Elk bkins in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, curried, or

in any way dressed,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the Skin -- not imported in a British-built Ship, the Skin --- Ermine Skins, undrcfled, the Skin

- Fisher Skins, undressed, the Skin

- imported from any L'ritish Colony, Planta.

tion, or Settlement in America, the Skin

- Fitches Skins, undressed, the Dozen ckins

- Fox Skins, undrcfled, the Skin

- imported from any British Colony, Plantation, 01 Settlement in America, the Skin -

- Tails, for every 100L of the Value

- Goat Skins, ri*.

- raw or undressed, imported in a British-

built Ship, the Bozen Skins - not imported in a British-

built Ship, the Dozen Skins

- tanned, the Bozen Skins

Noce. — His Majesty is authorized to permit by Order in Council any Goat Skins, dressed or undressed, to be imported into Great Britain, in any foreign Ship or Vessel, on Payment of such Duties as are due and payable thereon when imported in a British-built Ship, See Geo. 3. cap. 29. revived and continued by 43 G- 3. cap. 80. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 29. and by 48 Geo. 3. cap. 24. further continued until Three Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.

- Hair Skins undressed, the 100 Skin*

- Hu fie .'kins, undrcfled, the Skin

- Kid Skins in the Hair, the 100 S kins -- dressed, the 1 cc? Skins

- Lamb Skins undressed, in the Wool, the too Skins

- dressed in Alum, Salt, or Meal, the 100Skins --- dressed in Oil, the 10 > Skins

- Slink undressed in the Wool, the 100 Skins ----- Leopard Skins, undrc fled, the Skin

- Lion Skins, undrcfled, the Skin

- Martin Skins, undrcfled, the Skin

- imported from any Britishi Colony, Planta-

tion, or Settlement in America, the Skin.-.- Tails undressed, the 100 Tails - — Mink Skins, undressed, the Skin

- imported from any British Colony, Plantation, or Settlement in America, the Skin ----- dressed, the Skin

- Mole Skins, undressed, the Dozen Skins

- Mufquafh.kin9, undrcfled, the 100 Skins

- Oitcr Skins, undiefled, the Skin

- imported from any British Colony, Plantation, or Settlement in America, the Skin -

- Ounce Skins, undressed, the Skin

- Panther Skins, undressed, the Skin

- Pelts of Goats, undressed, the Dozen Pelts - dressed, the Dozen Pelts

- of all other Sorts, undressed, the 100 Pelts

- Raccoon Skins, undrcfled, the 100 Skins

- imported from any British Colony, Plantation, or Settlement in America, the ico Skins

- Sable Skins, undressed, the Skin

- j - - Tails oi* Tips of Sable, undressed, the Piece

49 Geo. III. 3 P

Permanent. Temporary

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

£ s. £ s. d. £ s. d.

0 0 71 O I 3, 0 0 4i 003 OOOO OOOO MVi n

OIO 0 1 0 0 0 6

0 09009 0 0 3

0 2 0 0 1 4 0 0 8

O06 004 0 0 2

0 0 6 006 0 0 2

37 10 0 25 0 0 12 10 O

0 z9 080 230 036 024 OO7 0 2 8 O 14 4 O ( 2

003 002 O 0 I

0 1 0 1 rr91 1 2 O O M O O <1 4-

060 040 0 2 0

0 1990 13 2 067

2123 1 14 10 O I? 5

020 0 1 4 0 0 8

060 040 0 2 0

0 39026 O I 3

016 010 0 0 6

009 009 OO3

0 10 3 0 6 10 ©35

006 004 O O ft

006 006 0 0 2

0 1 3 0 0 10 OO5

003 002 OOI

0 18 0 0 12 0 060

020 0 1 4 0 0 8

020 020 OOS

049 032 OI7

060 040 0 2 0

019 012 007

0 39026 OI3

0 109072 0 3 7

1 5*0 17 0 0 8 6

090 090 0 3#

0 5 3 000 036 0 0 6 OI9 0 0 2

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Skins, continued.

- heal kins, in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or in any

w y dressed,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the Skin -

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the

Skin

- cuied with Foreign Salt, and imported in a

British-built "hip, the Skin For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reltriclions under which such Skins may be so imported upon Payment of the said i)utv. Sec 3 f Geo. 3. cap. 26. continued by fiibfcquent Aft, by Geo. 3. cap. 35. further continued until 24th June 1809, and by 49 Geo. 3. cap. 20. made perpetual.

- Sheep Skins, undressed, in the Wool, the Dozen Skins -

- dressed in Oil, or otherwise, or tanned or

tawed, the Dozen Skins — Squirrel or Calabar Skins, undressed, the J 00 Skins --- tawed, the 100 Skins

- Tails, for every iool. of the Value

- Swan Skins, undressed, the Skin

--Tyger Skins, undressed, the Skin

- Weasel Skins, undressed, the 100 Skins-" — Wolfskins, undressed, the Skin

- imported from any British Colony or Planta-

tion or Settlement iu America, the Skin --- , tawed, the Skin — Wolverings, undressed, the Skin

- impor ed from any British Colony, Planta-

tion, or Settlement in America, the Skin Skins and Furs or Pieces of Skins and Furs, raw or undressed, not particularly enumerated o described. or otherwise charged with Duty, for every iool. of the Value For the Conditions, Regulations, and Re!' ri&inns under which Skins and Fuus not tanned, tawed, or in any Way dressed, may be secured in approved Places without Payment o( Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and

48 Geo. 3. cap. 1 26.

Skins and Furs or Pieces of Skins.and Furs tanned, tawed, curried, or in any Way drelfed, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every iool. of the Value Slate, See Stones.

Slate Pencils, for every iool. of the Value -

--Tables of 'J

Slates in Frames > Sec Stones.

Slick Stones J

Smalts, the lb.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restricfcions under which Smalts may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 4 5 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

Smyrna Kaifins, Sec Raisins.

Snake Root, See Radi* Serpentarix.

SnufT, the lb.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Re(lrii5tions under which Snuff may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty# until delivered out of such Warehouse for Home Trade or Consumption in Great Britain, See 29 Geo. 3. cap.68.

Snuff is also subject to a Duty of Excise.

Snuff Boxes, Boxci,

Permanent.

Duty.

£ d.

0 0

0 0 9

a 0

90 o o

37 0

00 6

o 1 o

Drawback.

£ s. d.

0 1 4^ 0 0 11 0 0 5?

0 590 3 10 0 2 it

a 7 3 0 4 10 0 2

0 11 0 0 7 4 0 3 8

37 10 0 23 0 0 12 10 0 I

Q 1 4? 0 0 11 0 0 si

O 6 0 0 4 0 0 2 0

0 3 0 c 2 0 Q 1 0

0 790 5 2 0 2 7

O 2 6 0 2 6 0 0 10

O I I 0 0 7 4 0 3 8-

O 490 3 2 0 1 7

O 1 6 0 1 6 0 0 C

37 10 0 23 0 0 12 10 0

25 o O

004

Temporary

or

War Duty.

£ s. d

O 0 0}

003

0 0 oj

30 0 c

12 10 o-

o 0

0 0 4

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Soap, vix.

- A flics, See Allies.

- Hard, the cwt.

- Soft, the cwt.

Soapcr's Wade, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

Socotorina Aloes, See Aloes.

Sour Crout, See Crout.

Spa Ware, for every iool. of the Value

--Water. See Mineral Water in Water.

Spanirti Wool, See Wool.

Speckled Wood, } S"W°°d-Spelter, the cwt.

Spermaceti, 1 /».

- Candles, See Candles.

- fine, the lb.

Oil, See Train Oil, in Oil.

Spike, Oil of, S e Oil.

Spikenard, the lb.

Spirits, tiz.

- Arquebusade, the Gallon

Brandy, imported in a Britishi-built Ship, the Gallon

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the

Gallon

- Citron Water, the Gallon

Cordial Water, or Strong Water, not otherwise enu-

merated or described, the Gallon ----- Geneva, imported in a British-built Ship, the Gallon

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the Gallon

- Hungary Water, the Gallon

- Lavender Water, the Gallon

- Rum, the Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in America, the Gallon For the Conditions, Regulations and Feftri&ions under which Rum imported from the West Indies may be secured in Warehcufes, without Payment of Duty, See43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

- of any other Sort, the Gallon Ufqucbaugh, the Gallon

- the Produce of the Settlement of the Cape of Gocd

Hope, its Territories or Dependencies, the Gallon -

Spirits not particularly enumerated or described or otherwise charged with Duty, the Gallon Spirits are subject also to a Duty of Excise.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Brandy, Geneva, and other Spirits may be secured in Warehouse9, without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

Spokes for Wheels, See Wood.

Sponge, imported diredily from the Place of its Growth, the lb. — not imported diredfly from the Place of its Grcwth, the lb.

Spouts of Wood, for every tool, of the Value Spruce Beer, See Beer.

- Essence of, See Essence.

- Canvas, See Canvas in Linen.

Squills, the cwt.

Squinanthum, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

- not imported directly from the Place of its

Growth, the lb.

5p»

Permanent. Temporary

Duty. Drawback. — or War Duty.

£ s. d'Jd s. d.JJ d.

2126 2 5 0 020 — 0 r 7 6 0 15 0 0 0 3

37o 0 25 0 0 1210 0

0 18 0 0120 060

0 O IO-J — 0 0 3i-

019 012 0 0 7

036 0 1 ii 024 009 0 12 0 O 44

0*3 069 009 046 005 023

036 0 1 1^024 009 0 12 0 0 4i

012 0 $ 6 036 009 024 924 005 012 0 1 2

009 006 003

0 0 ioi 0 3 6' 007 024 0 0 si 0 12

009 006 0 0 3

0 J 6 024 O I 2

0 1 3 0 0 JO 005

0 a 6 37 0 018 O O IO 12 10 0

0 3 3 0 2 2 Oil

0 06 004 OOJ

010 008 O 4

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Squirrel Skins, See Skins.

Stag Horns, See Horns.

Stained Paper, See Paper.

Starch, the cwt.

Statuary, - 1 See Sculptured Mar-

Statues of Marble or Stone, sculptured, } ble in Stones.

- of any other Sort, for every 1001. of the Value Stavefacre, the cwt.

Staves, See Wood.

Steel, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every iool.

of the Value -

Stibium, See Amtimonium preparatum.

Stick Lac, See Lac in Gum

Sticks, viz. Walking Sticks, for every tool, of the Value Stock Fish, the 120»-

Stockings, viz.

- of Cotton, for every iool. of the Value -

- of Thread or Woriled, for every iool. of the Value

Stone, viz.

- Burrs for Mill Stones, the too containing 5 Score

See the Note under the Head of Guernsey.

- Dog Stones, not exceeding Feet in Diameter, above

6 and under 1 2 Inches in Thickness, the Pair

- Emery Stones, the cwt.

--Filtering Stones, for every iool. of the Value

- Flint Stones for Potteis, the 1 on containing 20 cwt.

- Grave Stones of Marble, polished, the Foot square,

superficial Measure -

- unpolished, the Foot square,

luperficial Measure - -e-.- - - not of Marble, polished or unpolished, the Foot square, superficial Measure -

- Lime Stone, for every tool, of the Value

- Marble Basons, Tables, Mortars, and other polished Marble, (except Grave Stones and Paving Stones, polished) the Foot square, superficial Measure — ' Marble Blocks, the solid Foot — - Marble Buffs,

- Chimney Pieces, sculptured.

- Statues,

- Marble Paving Stones, polished, the Foot square, superficial Measure -

- rough, the Foot square, superficial Measure

- Mill Stones above Feet iii Diameter, or if 12 Inches in Thickness or upwards, (he Pair

- Paving Stones, not of Marble, the 100 Feet square, fu-

perficial Measure -

See the Note under the Head of Guernsey.

- Pebble Stones, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

--Polishing Stones, for every iool. of the Value

- Pomice Stones, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

--Quern Stones under 3 Feet in Diameter and not

exceeding 6 Inches in Thickness, the Pair ----- Three Feet in Diameter and not above

Feet in Diameter and not exceeding 6 Inches in Thickness, the Pair — Rag Stones, for every too 1 of the Value»Sculptured Marble and Statuary, the cwt.

Note. — By 41 Geo. 3. cap 8g. ifany Statue, Group of Figures, or other Stone or Marble Ornament carved out of the fame Block shall exceed One Ton Weight, the Duty

4

See Sculptured Marble.

Permanent. Temporary or War Duty

Duty. Drawback.

£ s. d. £ /. 1 £ s. 1

600 — 2 0 0

37 10 0 a5 ° 0 12 TO 0

0176 0118 0 5 It

37 10 0 — 12 10 0

37 0 11 10 0

0 a9 — " 0 0 II

O O <*0 — 18 0 0

37 10 0 — 0 O N

a 8 0 112 0 0 16 t

3 18 0 2 12 0 160

013 OOIO 005

37 0 0 1 6 25 ° 0 12 10 0 0 0 6

016

006

003 20 o o

0 2 0 O4O

0 0 6

o 03

7 4 0 o 7 6

0 8 6

20 o o

1 1. o

© 5 6

Oil o 20 P O o i 9

0 I O

004 0 0 2

O I 4 028

004

o o 2 4160

0 5°

o 5 8 13 6 8 o 14 0

038

074 13 6 8

0 0 0 o e 2

o 0 I

6 13. 4

008

0 1 4

O92

0 0 I

a 8 0

0 2 6

o 2 10 6 13 4 0 7 0

o 1

0 3 9

6 13 4 o 0 7

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Stone, continued,

to be charged thereon shall be estimated at the Rate payable for One Ton Weight, and no more

- Slate, the Produce of the Iflar.ds of Guernsey, Jersey,

Sark, Alderney, or Man, and imported from those Islands respectively, for every iool. of the Value - of any other Country, not otherwise enumerated ordeferibed, for every iool. of the Value

- Slates in Frames, the Dozen

- Slick Stones, the igo.

- Statuary, See Sculptured Marble.

- Stone, the Produce of the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey,

Sark, Alderney or Man, and imported from those Islands respectively, for every iool. of the Value -

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Burr Stones and Stones used for the Purpose of paving or amending Roads, being the Produce of Guernsey, Jersey, Sark, Alderney or Man may be imported, Duty free, S e 42 Geo. 3. cap. 95.

- Stone, fculpt 11 red See Sculptured Marble.

- Whetllones, the Hundred containing Five Score

Stone, not particularly enumerated or described, or other-will* charged with Duty, for every iool. of the Value

Stone Bottler., See Bottles.

Storax, or Styrax, 'viz.

> Calamita or Liquida, imported d're&ly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

- not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

- in the Tear or Gum, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

- not imported directly from the

Place of its Growth, the lb.

Straw Hats or Bonnets, See Hats.

- Platting, See Platting.

Stuff s of all Sorts made of or mixed with Wool, the Yard

Sturgeon, the Keg not exceeding Five Gallons

Styrax, See Storax.

Succades, the lb.

Succini Sal, See Sal.

Succinum, the lb.

- Oil of See Oil of Amber in Oil.

Succus Liquoritiae, or Liquorice Juice, the cwt.

Sugar, viz.

- not of the British Plantations, viz.

- White or clayed Sugar, the cwt.

.. Brown or Muscovado Sugar, the cwt.

- of the British Plantations, viz.

.. White or clayed Sugar, the cwt.

.. Brown or Muscovado Sugar, the cwt.

For the Rules, Regulations and Conditions under which the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury are authorised to suspend, according to the average Price of Sugar as published in the London Gazettt, either is. in the Hundred Weight, as. in the Hundred Weight, or 3*. in the Hundrea Weight, being Part of the Temporary or War Duty on Sugar, See the A A to which this Schedule is annexed.

Drawback.

- If the average Price of Brown or Muscovado Sugar, published in the London Gazette, shall not exceed 40a, the cwt.

Permanent. Temporary or War Duty.

Duty. Drawback.

£ s. d. £ s. d. £ s. d.

26 8 0, _^8 16 0

42 0 0 — 14 0 0

019 — 007

050 mmm 0 1 8

2680 — 8 16 0

056 — 0 1 10

0 0 c* — 14 0 0

009 0 0 6 003

016 010 006

O 5 3 036 019

0 to 6 070 036

0 76 -n - 026

046 _ 016

020 — 008

010 0 0 8 #04

1176 — 0 12 6

300 __ 1 <5 8

250 — 03 0

1 311* 0 ii 1

106*- 096

I 2 0

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Permanent.

Squirrel Skins, See Skins.

Stag Horns, See Horns.

Stained Paper, See Paper.

Starch, the cwt.

Statuary, - "I See Sculptured Mar-

Statues of Marble or Stone, fculpcured, / blc in Stones.

- of any other Sort, for every tool, of the Value

Stavefacre, the cwt.

Staves, See Wood.

Steel, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every 100l.

of the Value -

Stibium, See A.ntimonium preparatum.

Stick Lac, See Lac in Gum

Sticks, Walking Sticks, for every 100l. of the Value Stock Fish, the 120*-

Stockings, viz.

- of Cotton, for every iool. of the Value

- of Thread or Worded, for every iool. of the Value

Stone, viz.

--Burrs for Mill Stones, the 100 containing 5 Score

See the Note under the Head of Guernsey.

- Dog Stones, not exceeding Feet in Diameter, above

6 and under 1 2 Inches in Thickness, the Pair --- Emery Stones, the cwt.

- Filtering Stones, for every iool. of the Value

- Flint Stones for Pottos, the I on containing 20 cwt. -- Grave Stones of Marble, polished, the Foot square,

superficial Measure -

- unpolished, the Foot square,

luperficial Measure not of Marble, polished or unpolished, the Foot square, superficial Measure -

- Lime Stone, for every iool. of the Value

- "» Marble Basons, Tables, Mortars, and other polished Marble, (except Grave Stones and Paving Stones, polished) the Foot square, superficial Measure — 11 Marble Blocks, the solid Foot

- Marble Bulls, 1 c c.,

- Chimney Pieces, sculptured, > €€

Marble Paving Stones, polished, the Foot square, super-ficul Measure -

- rough, the Foot square, superficial Measure

- Mill Stones above Feet in Diameter, or if 12 Inches in Thickness or upwards, the Pair - Paving Stones, not of Marble, the 100 Feet square, superficial Measure -

See the Note under the Head of Guernsey.

- Pebble Stones, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

- Polishing Stones, for every iool. of the Value --- — Pomice Stones, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

- Quern Stones under 3 Feet in Diameter and not

exceeding 6 Inches in Thickness, the Pair ..... Three Feet in Diameter and not above

Feet in Diameter and not exceeding 6 Inches in Thickness, the Pair

- '» Rag Stones, for every tool of the Value — Sculptured Marble and Statuary, the cwt.

Note. — By 41 Geo. 3. cap 80. if any Statue, Group of Figures, or other Stone or Marble Ornament carved out of the fame Block shall exceed One Ton Weight., the Duty

Duty. Drawback.

£ s. d.

6 0 0 —

37 10 0 25 0 0

O 17 6 0 11 8

37 10 0 —

37 10 0 —

0 2 9

54 0 0 —

37 10 0 —

2 8 0 1 12 0

3 18 0 2 12 0

0 1 3 0 0 10

37 10 0 25 0 0

0 1 6

0 1 6 0 1 0

0 0 6 0 0 4

0 0 3 0 0 2

20 0 0

0 2 0 0 1 4

0 4 0 0 2 8

0 0 6 0 0 4

0 0 3 0 0 2

7 4 0 4 16 0

0 7 6 0 5 0

0 8 6 0 5 8

20 0 0 i3 6 8

1 1 0 0 0

0 5 6 0 3 8

0 11 0 0 7 4

20 0 0 13 6 8

0 19 ——

Temporary

or

War Duty.

£. s. 4

200

12 TO O O 5 1#

12 10 O

12 10 O O Oil

18 O O

12 IO O

O 16

l6o 0 0 5 12 IO O 0 0 6

O O

O O 2

o o 1

6 13 4

008

014

0*3 O O I

2 8 0

026

o 2 10 6 13 4

070

o 1 10

0 3

6 13 4

o o 7

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Stone, continued.

to be charged thereon shall be estimated at the Rate payable for One Ton Weight,

and no more

- Slate, the Produce of the Mauds of Guernsey, Jersey, Sark, Alderney, or Man, and imported from those Mands respectively, for every io^l. of the Value - of any other Country, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every iool. of the Value

- Slates in Frames, the Dozen

- Slick Stones, the 100.

- Statuary, See Sculptured Marble.

- Stone, the Produce of the Mauds of Guernsey, Jersey,

Sark, Alderney or Man, and imported from those Ifiancs respectively, for every iool. of the Value - For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Burr Stones and Stones used for the Purpose of paving or amending Roads, being the Produce of Guernsey, Jersey, Sark, Alderney or Man may be imported, Duty free, S c 42 Geo. 3. cap. 95.

- Stone, sculptured See Sculptured Marble.

- Whetllones, the Hundred containing Five Score

Stone, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every iool. of the Value

Stone Bottle?, See Bottles.

Storax, or Styrax, 'viz.

- Calamita or Liquida, imported d!re&ly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

- not imported directly from the

Place of its Growth, the lb

- in the Tear or Gum, imported dire£Uy from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

- not imported directJy from the

Place of its Growth, the lb. Straw Hats or Bonnets, See Hats.

- Platting, See Platting.

Stuffs of all Sorts made of or mixed with Wool, the Yard Sturgeon, the Keg not exceeding Five Gallons Styrax, See Storax.

Succades, the lb.

Succini Sal, SreSal.

Succinum, the lb.

- Oil of See Oil of Amber in Oil.

Succus Liquoritiae, or Liquorice Juice, the cwt.

Sugar, viz.

- not of the British Plantations, viz.

- White or clayed Sugar, the cwt.

.. Brown or Muscovado Sugar, the cwt.

- of the British Plantations, viz.

.. White or clayed Sugar, the cwt.

- Brown or Muscovado Sugar, the cwt.

For the Rules, Regulations and Conditions under which the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury are authorised to suspend, according to the average Price of Sugar as published in the London Gazette, either is. in the Hundred Weight, 2s. in the Hundred Weight, or 3.in the Hundred Weight, being Part of the Temporary or War Duty on Sugar, See the Act to which this Schedule is annexed.

Drawback.

- If the average Price of Brown or Muscovado Sugar,

published in the London Gazette, ftiaH not exceed 401, the cwt, -

Permanent. Temporary

or

Duty. Drawback. War Duty.

£ s. £ s. £ s. d.

O 00 VO 8 16 0

42 0 0 — 14 0 0

019 007

050 018

Kk Os 00 0 — 8 16 0

056 — 0 1 10

42 0 0 — 14 0 0

009 0 0 6 003

016 010 006

O 5 3 036 019

0 to 6 070 0 36

076 026

046 — 016

020 — 008

010 008 #04

1176 — 0126

3 00, 1 6 8

250 — 1 0 »8 0

1 311 1 0 6 # — 0 fi 1 096

22c

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Sugar, Average Price of Brown, Sec continued.

- it it shall exceed 40s. and not exceed 4 '*. the cwt.

- 451 and not exceed 50s. Do.

- 50s. anc] uot exceed 5^5. Do.

- 58s. and not exceed 6cs Do.

- 60s. and not exceed 62s. Do.

.--62 s. and not exceed 64s. Do.

64s. and not exceed 66s Do.

- 66s. and not exceed 6'S. Do.

- 68s. and not exceed 70s. Do.

if it shall exceed 70s. the cwt. no Drawback to be allowed.

All the above Prices are to be taken exclnlive of the Duties of Customs paid or payable on the Importation of such Sugar

Note. — On the Exportation of Sugar of the British Plantations a Drawback of the Whole of the Temporary or War Duty imposed and paid on such Sugar is to be allowed; but in case theaveragePi ice oi Sugar aspublished in the London Ga/.ette, shall be such as to autiiori/.e the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to fuf-pendthe Payment of any Part of the Temporary or War Duty on ugar, then the 1. rawback to be allowed on the Exportation of Sugar of the British Plantations shall be reduced in proportion, viz. One Shilling, Two Shill ngs, or Three Shillings, the Hundred Weight, as the Calc may be, on the Exportation of any such Sugar from Great Britain in any other than a British Ship or Vessel owned, navigated, and registered according to Law, there shall be paid or allow ed One Shilling less Drawback for every Hundred Weight tltereof. than if the fame had been exported in a British Ship or Vessll so owned, navigated, and registered.

For the Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions under which the Drawback on British Plantation Sugar is to be allowed, See 49 Geo 3. cap. 1 I. w'hich Act is to continue in force for the Port of London, until the 15th Day of March i8ic, and for the other Parts of Great Britain until the 23th Day of March 1810.

- Refined Sugar, the cwt.

Note. — The Duties on .Sugar imported into Great Britain are to continue in force until the 25th Day of March 1810.

See the Act to which this Schedule is annexed. [§7.]

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Sugar may be secured in Wareboulcs without Fayment of Duty, See43 Geo. 3. cap. 132 45 Geo. 3. -cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 1 26.

Sugar Candy, v z.

--Drown, the cw t, -

- White, the cwt.

Sulphur, Impression.s for every jocl. of the Value

- Vivum, See Brimflone.

Sun, Railinsnf the, See Raisins.

Swan Quills, See Quills.

- Skins, See >kins.

Sweep-Washers Dirt, containing Bullion, See Bullion,

Sweet Wood, See Wood.

Swine, S c the Note under the Plead of Provisions.

Syrup of Alkcrmes, See Alkerines.

T.

Tables of Marble, polished> See Marble in Stone*.

- of Slate, See Stone*.

3

Permanent. Temporary or War Duty.

Duty. Drawback.

£ s. d. I , £ s. d. £ s.1-

- 1 I 0 —

- 100 —

- 100 —

- 018 0 —

- 0 14 0 —

- 0 14 0 —

- 012 0 —

- 0 »o 0 —

- 0 8 0 —

5 x5

3

5 'S

j7 to

a3 4

1 4 o

1 18 4

f 2 10 o

Permanent. Temporary of War Duty,

Duty. Drawback.

£ s. d £ s. J £ </.

0 39026 013

0 0 4I 003 00 if

020 — 008

026 0 O 1<2

0 0 003 O O if

20 0 0 " 6 4

37 10 0 — 12 IO O

37 10 0 — 12 10 O

37 10 0 — 12 IO O

003 OOI

0 13 6 090 0 4 6

0 -P CN 090 0 4 ia

O 12 3 082 041

003 002 001

20 O O — <5 13 4

Os O O 006 0 0 3

6 0 0 600 —

OIO 0 0 4

37 0 — 12 IO O

006 004 0 0 2

100 — 0 6 8

076 — 0 2 6

0 10 0 1 O 3 4

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Tacamahaca Gum* See Gum.

Tails, viz.

- Buffalo, Bull, Cow, or Gx Tails, the Hundred containing Five Score — Fox Tails -n

--Martin Tails I 0 C1

--Sable t acts Skin*.

--Squirrel or Calabar Tails J

Talc, the lb. -

Tallow, imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt.

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the owt.

His Majesty is authorized to permit, by Order in Council, Tallow to be imported into Great Britain in any Foreign Ship or Vessel, on Payment of such Duties as are due and payable thereon when imported in a British-built Ship, See Geo. 3. cap. 20. revived and continued by 45 Geo. 3. cap. 80. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 29. and by 48 Geo. 3. cap. 24. further continued until Three Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Redri&ions under which Tallow may he secured in approved Places without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. £7. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 13 7- and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 1 26.

Tallow Candles, See Candles.

Tamarinds, the lb.

Tanners Wade, for every tool, of the Value Tapes, viz.

- open, for every 100L of the Value

- worded, for every ool. of the Value

Tapellry, not of Silk, for every 100I of he Value Tapioca, the lb.

See the Note under the Head of Provisions.

Tar, viz.

- imported in a British-built Ship, the Lad, containing 12 Barrels, each Parrel not exceeding 3Gallons

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the Lad, containing 12 Barrels, each Barrel not exceeding 3 it Gallons - "The Produce of any of the Dominions or Plantations of the Crown of Great Britain, the Lad, containing 12 Barrels, each Barrel not exceeding 3 1^ Gallons - For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reductions under which Tar may be secured in approved Places, without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 116. — Barbadoes Tar, the lb.

Tares, for every 101l. of the Value

See the Note under the Head of Provisions.

Tarras, the Bushel -

Tartar, Cream of, See Cream of Tartar.

Tea imported from Europe under Licence, for every iool. of the Value -

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Redri&ions under which Tea may be so imported. See 18 Geo. 2. cap. 26.

6 Geo. 3. cap. 13. and 16 Geo. 3. cap. 51.

Subject also to a Duty of Excise.

Teafles, the roooo -

Telescope6, for every iool. of the Value Terra, viz.

- Japonica, the lb.»-

- Sienna, the cwt.

- Umbra, the cwt.

____' Verde, the cwt.

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Thread, viz.

- Bruges Thread, the Dozen lbs.

- Cotton Thread, for every 100l. of the Value

- Outnal Thread, the Dozen lbs.

- Pack Thread, the cwt.

- Sillers Thread, the lb.

- Whited Brown Thread, the Dozen lbs.

- not otherwise enumerated or described* for every tool.

of the Value -

Thrown Silk, See Silk.

Thyme, Oil of, See Oil.

Ticking, for every ool. of the Value Ticks, for every 100l. of the Value Tiffanies, See Silk wrought in Hik.

Tiles, viz.

- Flanders Tiles, the icoo --- Galley Tiles, the Foot square

- Pan Tiles, the 1000

- Paving Tiles not exceeding 10 Inches square, the toooo --- exceeding 10 Inches fefuare, the 1000

- Plain Tiles or any Tiles not otherwise enumerated or

defenbed, for every 100l. of the Value Timber, See Wood.

Tin, the cwt.

Tincal, See Borax unrefined.

Tin Foil, for every tool, of the Value Tobacco, the ioolbs.

- Having been delivered out of the Warehouse for Home Trade, Consumption, or Manufacture in Great Britain, and afterwards manufactured according to Law, into Shore-cut Tobacco, Shag Tobacco, Roll Tobacco, or Carrot Tobacco, and exported, the colbs.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Tobacco may be fee tired in Warehouses without Payment of Duty until delivered out for Home Trade, Consumption, or Manufacture in Great Britain, See 29 Geo. 3. cap. 68. 31 Geo. 3. cap. 47. 33 Geo. 3. [$ 9, '29, ao.] cap. £7. 43 Geo. 3. can. 6<.* 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132.

48 Geo. 3. cap. 85. 48 Geo. 3. cap. top. and q^ Geoj. cap. 126.

Tobacco is subject also to a Duty of Excise.

Tobacco Pipes, for every iool. of the Value Tongues, viz.

- Neats Tongues, the Dozen

- Rein Deer Tongues, for every jcol. of the Value -

See the Note under the Head of Provisions. Tonnage, Duty on Ships or Vessels entering inwards (except in Ballalt) in any Port of Great Britain from foreign Parts, See Table D.

Tooth Powder, for every iool. of the Value Tornfal or Turnsole, the cwt.

Tortoise Shell, the lb.

Touch Stones, for every iool. of the Value Tow, imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt.

not imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reflri&ions under which Tow may be secured in approved Places without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 4*i Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and

4* Geo. 3. cap. 126.

Toys, for every col. of the Value

Tragacanth Gum, See Gum.

Train Oil, See Oil.

5° 0 0

0 1 3

20 0 0

37 10 0

0 6 3

0 2 6

20 0 0

0 6 0

0 6 6

37

Permanent. Temporary or War Duty.

Duty. Drawback.

£. J. £ s. d. £ s. d.

0 19 3 — 065

54 0 0 — i3 0 0

1 3 0 078

0 19 3 — 065

0 5 3 -- 0 1 9

1 3 0 — 078

37 0 — 12 10 0

3710 0 12 10 0

37 10 0 12 10 9

0 18 3 0122 O 6 I

004^ 003 O O I TJ

380 254 12 8

270 in 4 OI58

3 16 0 2 10 8 i 5 4

50 0 0 33 6 8 16 13 4

390 — 1 3 0

37 10 0 ... - 12 10 9

2113 j 0 12 6 i 1

2 10 O 1 j

16 13 4

o o

6 13

12 10 o o 2 1

o o 10 6 13 4 020

022

12 10 O

Travj.

T'cick

Tr.'e-n

Tr: d:

ToXv

Tru: .v

T Lt.U'

TL"'i

Turb.:

T'.irbc

Tus

Tur: .d

Turd

TJri"

Turj

Tut;

Twi

T«i

V.!«

W

VII

Vc

V;

V;

Vi

V

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Trays of Wood, the Dozen -

Treacle of Venice, the lb -

Tree-nails, »S>* Trunnels.

Trenchers of Wood, the Gross containing 12 Dozen Truffles, the lb.

Trunnels or Tree-nails, the loco Tubes for smoaking, for every iooI. of the Value Tubs of Wood, for every tool, of the Value Turbith, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

- not imported directly from the Place of its Growth,

the lb.

Turbots, Duty free.

Turmarick, the lb.

Turnery, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every

1 col. of the Value Turnsole, See Tornfal.

Turpentine, v z.

- common, the cwt.

- of Venice, Seio, or Cyprus, the lb,

- of Germany or any other Place not otherwise enumerated or dcl'cribed, the cwt.

For the Conditions, Kegula ions, and Kcftri&iotis under which Turpentine may be fectircd in approved Places without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. VS7. 46 Geo. 3. cap. j37. and 48 Geo. 3. 1 ap. 126.

Turpentine, Oil of, S e Oil.

Tutiae Lapis, See Lapis.

ri\vine, the cwt.

Twill for Band Strings, See Band String Twill.

Tyger Skins, See Skins.

V.

Valonia, the cwt.

Varnish, the cwt.

Vases, viz.

- of Stone or Marble, sculptured, See Sculptured Marble

in Stones.

- of any other Sort, for every icol. of the Value

Veal, whether salted or otherwise.

See the Note under the Head of Provisions.

Vellum, the Skin -

Velves, See Calves Velves.

Verdegris, liz.

- Common, the lb.

- cry llallized or otherwise manufactured, the lb.

Verjuice, S*e Vinegar.

Vermicelli, the lb.

See the Note under the Head of Provisions. Vermillion or Cinnabar, the lb.

Users, See Wood.

Vinegar or Verjuice, the Tun containing 2ji Gallons Vinclloes, the lb.

Violet Leaves, See Leaves.

Vitriol, Oilof, See Oil.

Viiriolum Romamim, imported directly from the Tlacc of its Growth, the lb.

- : - not imported directly from the Place of its

Growth, the lb.

Umber, the cwt.

Vomica Nux, Sec Nux Vomica.

Usquebaugh, See Spirits.

Vulture Feathers, See Feather,

49 Geo. III. 5

Permanent.

Duty. Drawback.

£ s. d. £ s. d £ /. d.

0 1 0 — 0 O 4

0 2 3 0 1 6 0 O 9

0 1 3 — 0 O 5

0 3 6 — 0 I a

0 49 — 0 1 7

37 10 0 — 12 IO 0

37 10 0 — 12 IO 0

0 1 6 0 1 0 0 0 6

0 3 0 0 2 0 0 I 0

0 0 0 0 3 0 0 1*

37 IO 0 — 12 IO 0

0 290 1 10 0 0 11

0 0 6 0 0 4 O 0 2

0 16 6 0 it 0 0 5

o 19

o 1

O II

37 10 o 4 o o

O 2 O C O I

3S

o 1 o

1 n-

074

Temporary

or

War Duty.

o c 10

6 —

o o

0 7

003

to 6

o 6 6

006

o 3 S

12 10 o

0 0 2

O O IO

0 0 5

12l8 4.

036

O O I5

003 02 6

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

W.

Wafers, the lb.

Wainfeot Boards, See Boards in Wood.

- Logs, See Wood.

Walking Ctnes, See Cares.

- Sticks, Se; Sticks.

Walnut Oil, See Oil.

Walnuts, let Nuts.

Walbino- Balls, See Balls.

Wade Silk, See Silk.

Watch Glades, for every tool, of the Value

Subject also to a Duty of Excise Watches of Gold, Silver, or other Metal, for every 1001. of the Value Water, viz.

- Arquebusade, 1

- Citron,

- Cordial, ^See Spirits.

- Hungary, I

- Lavender, J

- Mineral or Natural Water, the Dozen Bottles or

Flalks, each bottle or Flalk not exceeding Three

Pints -

Strong Water, See Cordial Water in Spirits,

Wax, rfc.

- > Bay or Myrtle Wax, the lb.

- Bees Wax, unmanufactured, the cwt.

- White or manufactured, the cwt.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which BecsWax may he fecund in Ware-houses without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo 3. cap 126.

- Hard Wax, the lb.

- Sealing Wax, for every 100l. of the Value

- Candles, See Candles.

Weaf 1 Skins, See Skins.

Weed Allies, See Allies.

Weld, the cwt.

Whale Fins, viz

- taken and caught by the Crew of a British-built

Ship or Vessel wholly owned by His Majesty's Subjects usually residing in Great Britain, Ireland, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, registered and navigated according to Law, and imported in any such Shipping, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

- taken andcaught on the Banks and Shores of the IHand of Newfoundland and Parts adjacent wholly by His Majesty's Subjects carrying on such Fishery from that I Hand and residing therein, and imported direCUy from thence in a British-built Ship or Vi fle!, registered and navigated according to Law, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

- taken and caught wholly by His Majesty's Subjects, usually redding in any of the Bahama or Bermudas Islands, or in any British Colony or Plantation in North America, and imported in a British-built Ship or Vessel, registered and navigated according to Law, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

- ' taken and caught wholly by His Majesty's Subjects usually redding in any other British Colony, Plantation* Territory, or Settlement,

Permanent. Temporary

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

£ s. d. 009 s£ s. i £ s. d. 003

O K» O © — 24 0 0

O O r*- CO 12 10 0

0 2 6 oof#

0 0 7; 2 2 0 3 IB 0 u>0 0 0 00 u O - e* O O 0 14 0 l6*

0x6 37 10 0 0 I 0 006 12 IO 0

0 190 I 2 0«7

1 10 0 — c 10

200 — 0 16 4

300 — i 0 0

A.D. 1809.

490 GEORGII

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Whale Fins, continued.

and imported in a British-built Ship or Vessel, regi (lured and navigated according to Law, the Ton, containing 20 cwt. - of Foreign Fidiing, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Whale Fins of British Fishing may he secured in approved Places, without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. tap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. S7. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Re(lri£lions under whi h Whale Fins may be admitted to Entry as of British Fishing, See the A & to which this Schedule is annexed Whale Oil, See Oil.

Wheat, See Corn.

- Flour, See Com.

Whetiloncs, See Stones.

Whipcord, the lb.

Whilk Brooms, See Brooms.

White Boards for Shoemakers, See Boards in Wood-Wicker Ware, for every tool, of the Value Wick Yarn, See Yarn.

Wine, viz.

- French Wine imported in a British-built Ship, the Tun

containing 252 Gallons ..... not imported in a British-built Ship, the

Tun containing 2n2 Gallons exported to any Bri ifh Colony or Planta-

tion in America, to any Britilli Settlement in the East Indies, to China, to Brazil or any other of the Territories or Possessions of the Crown of Portugal in South America, or to any of the Territories of the United States of America, the Tun containing 252 Gallons - exported to any other Place, the Tun

containing 252 Gallons

- German Wine, I & Rhcnifll wine>

- Hungary Wine, 3

- Madeira Wine, imported in a Britidi-built Ship, the

Tun containing 232 Gallons .....not imported in a British-built Ship, the

Tun containing 252 Gallons ..... exported to any Britidi Colony or Plantation in America, to Brazil, or any other of the Territories or Po{Tedious of the Crown of Portugal in i-outh Ameriea, or to any of the Territories of the United States of America, the Tun containing 751 Gallons ..... exported to any other Place, the Tun

containing 252 Gallons Portugal Wine, imported in a Britidi-built Ship, the Tun containing 252 Gallons

- not imported in a British built Ship, the

Tun containing 232 Gallon*

exported to any Britidi Colony or Plantation in America, to Brazil or any other of the Territi ries or Possessions of the Crown of Portugal in South America, or to any of the Territories of the United States of America, tl>e Tun containing 252 Gallons

III. C. 98.

Permanent. Temporary or

Duty. Drawback. War Duty.

£. <* di s. £, s. d.

400 _ 1 6 8

Co 0 0 20 0 0

006 0 0 2

37 10 0 — 12 10 0

65 13 6 -

O O a

597 0

- 34 12 0 —

44 3 0 -

47 6 6

39 18 0

- 36 15 0 —

43 1 © -

46 6 0

39 I. 0

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Wine — Portugal Wine, continued.

- exported to any other Place, Uie Tun

containing 252 Gallons

- Rhcnish, German, and Hungary Wine,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the Tun containing 252 Gallons -- not imported in a British-built Ship, the Tun

containing 252 Gallons -- exported to any British Colony or Plantation

in America, to Braxil or any other of the Territories or Possessions of the Crown of Portugal in South America, or to any of the T erritorics of the United States of America, the Tun containing 252 Gallons ... — exported to any other Place, the Tun containing 252 Gallons — - Spanish Wine, tiz.

- Spanish Red Wine, imported in a British

built Ship, the Tun, containing2^2 Galls. ..... not imported in a British

built Ship, the Tun, containing 252 Galls. - exported to any British

Colony or Plantation in America, to Brazil, or any other of the Territories or Possessions of the Crown of Portugal in South America, or to any of the Territories of the United States of America, the Tun, containing 252 Galls. ..... exported to any other Place, the Tun, containing 252 Galls. ----- Spanish White Wine, imported in a British

built Ship, the Tun, containing 252 Galls. - not imported in a British built Ship, the Tun, containing 25 ? Galls.

- exported to any British

Colony or Plantation in America, to Brazil, or any other of the Territories or l'offeffions of the Crown of Portugal in South America, or to any of the Territories of the United States of A me-rica* the Tun, containing 252 Gallons -

- exported to any other Place, the Tun, containing 251 Gallons Wine not otherwise enumerated or described,

.. imported in a British-built Ship, the Tun, containing 25a Gallons - - - not imported in a British-built Sliip» the Tun, containing 25a Gallon!; -

Permanent. TvTnporary or War Duty.

Duty. Drawback.

£ s. d. £ s. d. £ s.cT.

36 0 —

65 13 6 -

«4 O O O mmm

- 59 6 6 —

- 54 1 6 —

55 1 0 -

00 OS 0

51 18 0

- 48 15 0 —

43 1 0 -

46 6 0

\ 39 18 0

- 36 jj 0 —

43*© -

46 6 0 —

4

A.D. 1809.

49° GEORGII III.

C. 98. 845

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Permanent. Temporary

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

Wine, not otherwise enumerated, See. continued. - exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America, to Brazil, or any other of the Territories or Post'eilions of the Crown of Portugal in South America, or to any of the Territories of the United States of £ s. £ s. d. l£ s. d.

America, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons — - -.exported to any other Place, the Tun con-'39 18 0 mmm

taining 252 Gallons - Wine entered for Prisage in any of thofo Out-ports in England and Wales, where the Right of Prisage has not been purchased by the Crown under the Authority of the Acts of the 43 Geo. 3. cap. 156. and 46 Geo. 3. cap. 79. viz. Ship, the Tun, containing 36 15 0

252 Gallons . — not imported in a British built Ship, the Tun, containing 59 6 0

252 Gallons - exported to any British Co-lony or Plantation in America, to Brazil, or any other of the Territories or Pof-sessions of the Crown of Portugal in South America, to any British Settlement in the East Indies, to China, or to any of the Territories of the United States of America, the Tun, con- 62 3 0 t

taining 252 Gallons ..... exported to any other Place, the Tun, containing 252 S3910

Gallons German Wine, I Rhenish Wine. Ship, the Tun-, contain- 493 7

ing 252 Gallons ..... not imported in a British-built Ship, the Tun, con- 39 18 0

taining 252 Gallons»- - exported to any British Co-lony or Plantation in America, to Brazil, or any other of the Territories or Po {Tedious of the Crown of Portugal in South America, or to any of the Territories of the United States of America, the Tun, containing 252 Gal- 4* 3 0

lons .....exported to any other Place, - the Tun, containing 252 353

Gallons built Ship, the Tun, con- 31»5

taining 252 Gallons^ - not imported in a British-built Ship, the Tun, con- 38 16a

taining 252 Gallons 41 1 6

1

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Wine entered for Prisage, &c. continued.

Portugal Wine, continued.

- exported to any British Co-

lonyor Plantation in America, to Brazil, or any other of the Territories or Pof-sessions of the Crown of Portugal in South A merica, or to any of the Territories of the United S tates of America- the Tun, containing 25 a Gallons

- exported to any other Place,

the Tun, containing 25a Gallons

Rhcnifli, German and Hungary Wine, imported in a iiritish-built Ship, the Tun containing 252 Gallons

- not imported in a British-byijt Ship,

the Tun containing 252 Gallons

- exported to any British Colony or

Plantation in America, to Brazil, or any other of the Territories or Possessions of the Crown of Portugal in South America, or to any of the Territories of the United States of America, the Tun containing 252 Gallons - - - exported to any other Place, the Tun containing 252 Gallons

- Spanish Wine, viz.

- Spanish RedWine, imported

in a British-built Ship, the T un containing 252 Gals. __________ not imported in a Bri-tflh-bailt Ship, the Tun containing 232 Gallops - exported to any British Colopy or Plantation in America* toBrazil, or any other of the 7 erritories or Possessions of the Crown of Portugal ip South Aoi?rica, or to any of the Territories of the United States of America, the 7 un containing 952 Gallons

- exported to

any other Place, the Tun contaio-ing 252 Gallons .....Spanish White Wipe, imported in a Bri-

tjflv-bpiU Ship,

Permanent.

Duty, Drawback.

£ s. d.

56 8 o 59 6 o

50 16 2

S3 1 <5

£ «.

35

33*5

S«3

46 7 6

47394395

Temporary

or

War Duty. £ s. d.

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Wiae entered for Prisage, &c. continued.

Spanish White Wine, continued\

the Tun containing 252 Gallons - not imported in a British-built Ship,

the Tun containing 25 2 Gallons

- expor-

ted to any hritish Colony or Plantation in America, to Brazil, or any other of the Territories or Possessions of the Crown of Portugal in South America, or to any of the Territories of the United States of Ame--.rica, the Tun

containing 252 Gallons - expor-

ted to any other Place, the Tun containing 252 Gallons

Wine so entered for Prisage, not otherwise enumerated

or described,

- imported in a British-built

Ship, the Tun containing 2$2 Gallons

- not imported in a British-

built Ship, the Tun containing 252 Gallons

- exported to any British

Colony or Plantation in America, to Brazil, or any other of the Territories or Possessions of the Crown of Portugal in South America, or to any of the Territories of the United States of America, the Tun Containing 252 Gallons

- exported to any other Place,

the Tun containing 252 Gallons

Wine is subject also to a Duty of Excise.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Wine may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, Sir 43* Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap 126.

Wine Lees, subject to the same Duty as Wine, but no Drawback is allowed on Lees of W inc Exported»

WinteranUs Cortex, Sec Cortex. '

Permanent.

Duty.

£ s. d.

38 x6

41 I 6

Drawback.

£ s. d.

Temporary

or

War Duty.

364 o 3896

35 H

33»5

33 xo xo

31 6 1

8+8 C. 9.

49° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1809.

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Permanent. Temporary

Luty. Drawback- or War Duty.

Wire, viz. — Brass or Copper not otherwise enumerated or tkferibed, £ s. d £ s. d £. d.

the cu t. 3 12 0 1 4 0

Gilt or I lated, for every 100l. of the Value 37 IO 0 — 11 to 0

Iron, not otherwise enumerated or described, the cu t. - 35 0 — I 5 0

Laden, the cwt. - 3 9° — 1 3 0

Silver, for every icol. of the Value 37 1° ° — 12 10 0 0 0 4$ 0 0 6£

Steel, the lb.*- 01 —

Virginal Wire of Brass Copper, or [ron, the 1U. Woad, viz. 0 1 74

- Green Wond, the cwt. - 029 0 I 10 0011

Thouloufe Woad, the cwt. - - Wolf Skins, 1 Sce skin^j Wo'.verings, ) Wood, v; z. — Anchor Stocks, viz. imported in a British-built Ship, the 05 6 038 0 1 to

Piece - -not imported in a British-built Ship, °53 036 019

the Pi'ce - - 1 of the Growth and Production of the 1 British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly 056 036 0 1 10

from thence, die Piece - - - under 5 Inches square and under 24 Feet in Length, 006 118 2 0 0 2

- imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 - not imported in a British-built Ship, 2 17 3 0 19 I

the 120 -- 5 Inches square and under 8 Inches square, or if 24 Feet in Length or upwards, - imported in a British-built Ship, the 2183 18 2 0 19 5

120 - -..ot imported in a British-built Ship, 7395*6 2 11 J

the 120 - of all Sorts, under 8 Inches square, of the .Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported 7 i6 6 52 6 2 12 2

directly from thence, the 120 - 8 Feet in Length and not exceeding 20 Feet in Length, not above 7 Inches in Width, and not exceeding 2.J Inches in Thick-ness, imported in a British-built Ship, 0 10 3 0 3 5

the 120 — not imported in a British-built Ship, 3 69246 x 2 3

the 120 - exceeding 20 Feet in Length, not above 7 Inches in Width, or if exceeding 2 % Inches in Thickness, — - imported in a British-built Ship. 04 00 Oj 246 1 2 9

the 120 not imported in a British-built Ship, 613 6 490 246

the 120 Batten Ends, viz. --- under8 Feet in Length, not above 7 Inches in Width, and not exceeding 2J Inches in Thickness, - imported in a British-built Ship, 6166 49c 2 5

the 120 - not imported in a British-built 126 0 0 0 7

Ship, the 120 1 3 3 0 15 0 0 7 9

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Permanent.

Duty. Drawback.

Wood — Batten Ends, continued, - under 8 Feet in Length, not above 7 Inches in Width, and exceeding 2 J Inches in Thickness, - imported in a Bri'ifh-built Ship, Jd s, d. £ s. d

the 120 - not imported in a British-built 259 1 10 6

' Ship, the 120 — 1 Battens and Batten Ends of all Sorts, of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, the 120 - --- 2 Inches in thickness or upwards, imported in a British-built Ship, the Load, containin£ Cubic 270*5 3 1 10 6

Feet - not imported in a British-built Ship, the Load, containing 50 1 1091 0 6

Cubic Feet ..... of all Soils of the Growth and Produc- tion of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, the 120 — .under 5 Inches square, and under 24 Feet in Length, - imported in a British-built 14 1 6 0 5 3 106

Ship, the 120.. — not imported in a British-built a 17 3 1182

Ship, the 120 - -- 5 Inches square and under 8 Inches square, or if 24 Feet in Length or upwards, imported in a British-built 2183 1182

Ship, the 120 - not imported in a British-built 7 i39526

Ship, the 120 ..... of all Sorts under 8 Inches square, of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, the 120 - Beech Boards, viz, - under 2 Inches in Thickness, and under 15 Feet in Length, - imported in a British- 716 6 0103 52 6

built Ship, the 1 20 - not imported in aliritish- 2 16 6 1 17 8

built Ship, the 1 20 - under 2 Inches in Thickness, and if 15 Feet in Length or upwards, imported in a British- 2 19 0 1178

built Ship, the 1 20 - notimportcdina British- 5 J3 0 3 15 4

built Ship, the 120 - Clap Boards, viz, --- not exceeding 3 Feet 3 Inches in Length, and under 8 Inches square, - imported in a British- 5 18 0 3 l$ 4

built Ship, the 120 -4Q Geo. III. 5 R 1186 1 5 8

Temporary

or

War Duty. st s. ds

O 3 015 8

019

o 10 3 o 10 6

019

o 19 1

o 19 5

2113

2 12ft

o 3 5

O l8 Ift

o 19 5

1 17 8 1 19 4

o 12 10

850 C. 98

49° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1809.

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Permanent. Temporary

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty,

Wood — Boards, Clap Boards, continued. - not imported in a Britishi £ s. d. £ s. d. £ s. J.

built Ship, the 120 ----- of the Growth and Production of the Britishi Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, x 19 6 1 5 8 0 13 a

the 120 - - Linn Boards, or White Boards for Shoemakers, viz. under 4. Feet in Length, and under 6 Inches in Thickness, - imported in a Britishi- 079 oaf

built Ship, the 120 - not imported in aBritishi- 4^3 2176 189

built Ship, the 120 -...-.-.4 Feet in Length, or 6 Inches in Thickness, or upwards, - imported in a Britishi- 490 2 17 6 198

built Ship, the 120 - not imported in aBritishi- 8126 S lS ° 2 17 6

built Ship, the 120 - - - Mill Boards, See in M. - Oak Boards, viz, --- under 2 Inches in Thickness, and under 15 Feet in Length, - imported in a British-built 8 18 0 5 0 2 19 4

Ship, the 120 - not imported in a Britishi-built Ship, the 120 ----- under 2 Inches in Thickness, and if 15 Feet in Length, or upwards, - imported in a Britishi- 5 14 0 3 16 0 1 18 0

5 18 0 3 16 0 x 19 4

built Skip, the 120 - not imported in a British- 1180 7120 3

built Ship, the 120 - - - PaKng Boards, viz. 1 - hewed on one Side, and not exceeding 7 Feet in Length, -- imported in a British- 11 16 0 7 is 0 3 18 8

built Ship, the 120 - - - not imported in a Bri-tifti-built Ship, the 0 1190 7 10 0 3 n

220 - hewed on one Side, and ex- ceoding 7 Feet in Length, - imported in a British-912 3 0 7 10 041

built Ship, the 120 - - - not imported in a Bri-tifli-built Ship, the i Z 6 0 15 8 0 7 10

120 Paste Board, See in P. v - - - Pipe Boards, viz. --- above 5 Feet 3 Inches in Length and not exceeding 8 Feet in Length, and under Eight Inches Square, - imported in a. Britishi- 146 0 15 8 082

built Ship, the 120 - - - not imported in a British- 2 179x 18 6 019 3

kuilt Ship, the 120 - 2 18 6 x 18 6 0 19 $ i

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Permanent.

Duty. Drawback.

Wood — Boards, Pipe Boards, continued. ..... exceeding 8 Feet in Length, and under 8 Inches square, - imported in a British- £ 1. £ s. d.

built Ship, the 120 -.. not importedina British- 5 15 6 3*7 0

built Ship, the 120 - of all Sorts, exceeding 5 Feet 3 Inches in Length, and under 8Inches square, of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, the 120.- - - Scale Boards, See in S. Wainscot Boards, vix. .....the Foot containing 12 Feet in Length and 1 Inch in Thickness, and so in Proport ion for any greater or Iefler Length or Thickness, - imported in a British 5 l7 0 0 i« 3 3 17 0

built Ship not imported in a Bri- 0 19 012

tish-built Ship feribed, of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, the 120 — Bowsprits, See Matts. tish Colonies, Plantations, or Settlements in Africa or America, and imported directly from thence respectively, the Ton containing 20 cwt. ... of the Growth and Production of any other Country or Place, or if otherwise im- 0 2 0 0 5 3 1 I O 1 2

ported, the Ton containing 20 cwt. -- Brazil Wood, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, the Ton containing 20 cwt. — Brazilletto or Jamaica Wood, the Ton containing 20 cwt. — Cam Wood, the Ton containing 20 cwt. — Deals, vix. ... above 7 Inches in Width, being 8 Feet in Length, and not above 10 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 1A Inches in Thickness - - - imported in a British-built Ship, the 5 0 0 3 00 0 10 6 140 00 0 1 {1

120 - - aot imported in a British-built Ship, 3 S 0 a 3 4

the 120- above 7 Inches in Width, being 8 Feet in Length, and not above 20 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 3^ Inches in Thickneis, (except Deals not above 10 Feet in Length, and not exceeding i\ Inch in Thickness, ) - - - imported in a British-built Ship, the 3 69a 3 4

120 - - - not imported in a British-built Ship, in 3 4 7 <5

the i 20 - above 7 Inches in Width, being 8 Feet in Length, and not above 20 Feet in .5 Ra 6 16 0 4 7 <5

C. 98.

Temporary

or

War Duty.

£ s, d,

r ii 6 1 19 o

o 4 t

007

0 o

019

07#

1 l$ 4

1 o

O 36 089

239

254

852 C. 98.

49° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1809.

A.E

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Permanent. Temporary

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

Wood — Deals, continued. Length, and exceeding 3J Inches in ThicxiuTs, £ s.£ s. d. £ s. 1i

- imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 1326 8150 476

not imported in aBritish-builtMiip, the 120 - above 7 Inches in Width, exceeding 20 Feet in Length, and not exceeding Four Inches in Thickness, 13 J2 O 815 0 4 10 8

- imported in a British-huiltShip, the 120 -- not imported in a british-built Ship, 16 5 0 1016 8 584

the 120 - above 7 Inches in Width, exceeding 2c Feet in Length, and exceeding Inches in Thickness, 16 13 6 10 16 8 511 2

- imported in a British-built 8hip, the 120 not imported in a British-built Ship, 31 13 <5 2124 10 11 2

the 120 — Deal Ends, viz. above 7 Inches in Width, being under S Feet in Length, and not exceeding 3^ Inches in Thickness, 3* 3 <5 2124 10 14 6

- imported in a British built' hip, the 120 -- not imported in a British-built Ship, 249 1910 0 14 11

the 120 - above 7 Inches in Width, being under 8 Feet in Length and exceeding 3^ Inches in Thickness, 2 6 6 1910 0 13 6

- imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 -- not imported in a British-built Ship, 469 2 17 10 1811

the 120 — Deals and Deal Ends of all Sorts, of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, the 120 Colonies, Plantations, or Settlements in Africa or America, and imported directly from thence respectively, the Ton containing 20 cvvt. -- of the Growth and Production of any other Country or Place, or if otherwise imported, 4100 o53 0 13 0 0 r- 1 1 ct 1100 019 0 4 4

the Ton containing 20 cw't. Firewood, - the Fathom 6 Feet wide and 6 Feet high. Ca M O O 10 8 0 5 4 0

- imported in a British-built Ship not imported in a British-built O 6 0 040 020

Ship - of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, - the Fathom 6 Feet w ide and 6 Feet high - Fir Quarters, ris. - under 5 Inches square and under 24 Feet in Length, - imported in a British-built Ship, O 63 00 6 040 021 002

the 120 - not imported in a British-built»*7 3 1 18 2 0 19 1

Ship, the 120 ----- j Inches square and under 8 In lies square, cr if 24 Feet in Length or upwards, - imported in a British-built Ship, 2 18 3 1 18 2 0 39 5

the 120 - not imported in a British built 7 >39s 3 6 2123

Ship, the 120 -of all Sorts, under 8 Inches square, of the Growth and Production of the 7 16 6 52 6 2122

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Permanent. Temporary

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty

Wood — Fir Quarters, continued. British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported dneclly iron thence, the 120 - Fir Timber, See Timber. Fustick, the Ton containing 20 cwt. Guinea Wopd, See Red Wood. - Handspikes, wz. --- under 7 Feet in Length, - imported in a British-built Ship, £ s. d' 0 10 3 15 6 £ s. d. £ s. d % 0 3 5 052

the 120 - - - not imported in a British-built 0150 0100 050

Ship, the 120 - - - 7 Feet in Length or upwards, - imported in a British-built Ship, 0156 Q IO O 052

the 120 — - - not imported in a British-built 1 10 0 I O O 0100

Ship, the 120 of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantation- in A merica, and imported directly from thence, - under 7 Feet in Length, the 120 - 7 Feet inLengthor upward: , thei2o - Knee3 of Oak, viz. ..... under 5 Inches square, imported in a British-built 1 11 0 0 1 41 029 IOO OO 0 00 0

Ship, the 120 - not imported in a British-built 076 OJO 0 2 6

Ship, the 120 --..5 Inches square and under 8 Inches square - imported in a British-built 080 0 5 0 0 2 8

Ship, the 120 not imported in a British-built 316 2.1 O 10 6

Ship, the 120 .....8 laches square or upwards, - imported in a British-built Ship, the Load containing 3 4 3 2 19 i i 5

50 Cubic Feet*- - - not imported in a British-built Ship, the Load containing 0 19 6 O 13 O 066.

50 Cubic Feet of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or 1 lantations in America, and imported directty from thence, - under 8 Inches square, the 120 - - - 8 Inches square or upwards, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet Lathw'ood, vias. - in Pieces under 5 Feet in Length, the Fathom, 6 Feet w'ide and 6 Feet high, 1 1 0 0 5 3 036 O 13 O 970 019 012

- imported in a British-built Ship - not imported in a British-built 1 109x 0 6 0 10 3

Ship >... in Pieces 5 Feet in Length or upwards, the Fathom, 6Feetwide and 6Feet high. 1 12 0 106 0 10 8

- imported in a British-built Ship. — not imported in a British-built 2 591 10 6 015 3

Ship --- of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America and imported directly From thence, 269 1 10 6 0 15 7

L

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Permanent.

Duty.

Drawback.

Wood — Lathwood, continued.

in Pieces of all Sorts, the Fathom, 6 Feet wide and 6 Feet high

Lignum Vitas, of the Growth and Preduction of the

British Colonies, Plantations, or Settlements in Africa or America, and imported directly from thence respectively, the Ton containing 20 cwt. - of the Growth and Production -of any other Country or Place, or if otherwise imported, the 1'on containing 20 cwt.

- Logwood, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

- Mahogany of the Growth of Bermudas or of any of the Bahama Islands, and imported directly from thence respectively, the Ton containing 20 cwt. ..... of the Growth of the British Limits within the Province of Yucatan, in the Bay of Honduras, and imported directly from the said Bay, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

- not imported directly from Bermudas or from any of the Bahama Islands, or not imported directly from the Bay of Honduras; or any Mahogany being of the Growth of any other Country or Place, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

- Mads, Yards, or Bowsprits, viz.

- 6 Inches in Diameter, and under 8 Inches,

- imported in a British-bnilt Ship, each

- not imported in a British-built Ship, each - - - 8 Inches in Diameter, and under 12 Inches,

- imported in a British-built Ship, each - - - not imported in a British-built Ship, each

- 12 Inches in Diameter, or upwards,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet --- not imported in a British-built Ship, the Load containing 5oCubic Feet

- of the Growth and Production of the British

Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence,

- 6 Inches in Diameter, and under 8 In-

ches, each -

- 8 Inches in Diameter, and under 12 In-

ches, each

- 12 Inches in Diameter, or upwards, the

Load containing 50 Cubic Feet - For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Mads, Yards, and Bowsprits of the Growth or Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in North America, may be imported from thence Duly free. See 46 Geo. 3. cap. 117. continued by 48 Geo. 3. cap. 19. to the 25th March 1810.

- Nicaragua Wood, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

- Oak Plank, viz.

- 2 Inches in Thitkness, or upwards,

- imported in a British built Ship, the Load containing ^oCubic Feet

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet^ - #f all Sorts, of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, the 120

£ s. d.

0 3 9

070

2186

059

280

280

5 !0

0 3 0 O36

083

089

i o 6

1 1 6

020

5 3

o 19 3

016 6

x 169x 18 o

o S 3

£ s d»

Temporary

or

War Duty.

1 19 o

1 12 e

112 0

x 12 o

020

020

056

056

13 8

o 13 8

014

3 6

o 12 10

£*.

o 1 j

0 2 4

OI96 O III

16 0

o 16 o

i 16 5

O I o O 1 2

0 29O 2 11

o 6 10 072

o o 8

o 1 9

o 65

1 4 6

x 4 6

036

o 12 3

0128

0x9

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Wood, continued.

- Oak Timber, See Timber.

Oars, viz.

- imported in a British-built Ship, the 120

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 -

- of the Growth and Production of the British

Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, the 120

- Olive Wood, of the Growth and Production of the

British Colonies, Plantations, or Settlements in Africa or America, and imported directly from thence le-spectively, the Ton containing 20 cwt. --- of the Growth and Production of any other Countiy or Place, or if otherwise imported, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.

- Red or Guinea Wood, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.

- Rose Wood, the cwt.

- 1 1 1 Round Wood, viz.

- in Pieces under 8 Inches square and

under 6 Feet in length, -- imported in a British-built

Ship, the 120 -- not imported in a British-

built Ship, the 120

- in Pieces under 8 Inches square, and

if 6 Feet in Length or upwards,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 -- not imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 - ... of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported direCfly from thence in Pieces of all Sorts, under 8 Inches square, the 120

- Spars, viz.

- under 22 Feet in Length, and under Inches

in Diameter, exclusive of the Bark,

- imported in a British-built

Ship, the 120

- not imported in a British-

built Ship, the 120

- 22 Feet in Length or upwards, and under

Inches in Diameter, exclusive of the Bark, - imported in a British-built

Ship, the 120 ..... not imported in a British-built

Ship, the 120

- 4 Inches in Diameter, and under 6 Inches

exclusive of the Bark, - imported in a British-built

Ship, the 120 ..... not imported in a British-

built Ship, the 120

- of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, of all Sorts under 6 Inches in Diameter, exclusive of the Bark, the 120

I

Permanent.

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

£ s. d. £ s. d. £ s. d

4 14 6 3 3° in 6

4 17 6 3 3 0 112 6

0 12 3 — 4

079 — 027

57° 3114 1 15 8

14 0 — 080

i 890192 097

183 0 18 10 095

i93 0 18 10 099

2 16 6 1 17 8 0 18 i*

2186'1 17 8 0 19 6

020 — 008

0 1790 11 10 0511

0189 0 11 10 o*3

I 109106 0 10 3

1 12 0 106 0 10 8

369 246 123

393 246 1 3

0 10 3 — 1 3 CjOC

Temporary

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Permanent. Temporary

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

Wood — continued. . Speckled Wood, of the Growth and Prodi.&ion of the British Colonies, Plantations, or Settlements in Africa or America, and imported directly from thence respectively, the Ton containing 20 cwr. - of the Growth and Production of any other Country or Plat e, orif otherwise imported, the Ton containing £ s. d. 0 10 3 £ s. d. £ s. d. 035

20 cwt. Spokes for Wheels, viz, not exceeding 2 Feet in Length - imported in a liritish- 5 10 0 33 4 1 16 8

built Ship, the ? 000 - not imported in aBritish- 226 184 0 14 2

built Ship, the 1000 - imported in a British- 2 4 3 184 0 14 9

built Ship, the 1000 - not imported in a British- 450 2 16 8 184

built Ship, the 1000 --of all Sorts, of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, the 1000 — Staves, viz. - not exceeding Inches in Length, not above 3 Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding 7 Inches in Breadth, 486 040 2168 1 9* 0 1 4 /

- imported in a Britishi-huilt Ship, the 120 - - - not imported in a British-built Ship, 083 056 029

the 120 - above 36 Inches in Length, and not exceeding 50 Inches in Length, not above 3 Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding 7 Inches in Breadth, -- imported in a British-built Ship, the 086 056 0210

120 -- not imported in a British-built Ship, 0 15 6 010 4 052

the (20 - above 50 Inches in Length, and aot exceeding 60 Inches in Length, not above 3 Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding 7 Inches in Breadth, -- imported in a British-built Ship, 0160 010 4 o54

the 120 - - - not imported in a British-built Ship, 106 0 13 8 0 6 10

the 120 - - - above 60 Inches in Length, and not exceeding 72 Inches in Length, not above 3 Inches in ThickneL, and not exceeding 7 Inches in Breadth, -- imported in a British-built Ship, 1 1 3 0 13 S 071

the 120 -- not imported in a British-built Ship, 1 10 3 10 2 0 10 1

the 120 - above 72 Inches in Length, not above 3 Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding 7 Inches in Breadth, 111 0 10 2 0 10 4

- importedina British-builtShip, the 1 20 - not imported in a British-built Ship, 1 -T+ 3 12 10 0 11 5

the 120 - 1 16 0 I a 10) 0 13

a

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Wood — Staves, continued.

- Staves, being the Growth and Production of any of the United States of America, or of the Growth and Production of Ea(l or Weil Florida, and imported directly from thence respectively, not exceeding Inch in Thick-fiefs, shall be charged with OueHThird Part only of the Duties herein before imposed on Staves.

- above 3 Inches in Thickness or above 7

Inches in breadth, and not exceeding 5 Feet 3 Inches in Leng.h, shall be deemed Clap boards and pyr Duty accordingly, c - - above 3 Inches in Thickness, or above 7 Inches in Breadth, and exceeding 5 Feet 3 Inches in Length, shall be deemed Pipe Boards, and pay Duty accordingly.

- of the Growth and Production of the British

Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly born thence, of all bortsnot exceeding 50 Inches in Length, the 120 -

of all Sorts exceeding 50 Inches in Length, the 120

Sweet wood, of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies, Plantations or Settlements in Africa or America, and imported directly fromthence respectively, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.

- of the Growth and Production of any other Country or Place, or if otherwise imported, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.

j» — Timber, !; /?:

- Fir Timber, of the Growth of Norway, and

imported directly from thence, 8 Inches square, and not exceeding 10 Inches square,

-.-in a British-built Ship, the Load, containing 50 Cubic Feet

not in a British-built Ship, the Load, containing 50 Cubic Feet

- exceeding 10 Inches square, in

aBriti.h-built Ship, the Load, containing 50 Cubic Feet,

- not in a British-built bhip,

1 l the Load, containing 50

Cubic Feet - > -

- not otherwise charged with

Duty, 8 Inches fejuare or upwards, imported in a British-built Ship, the Load, containing Cubic Feet ----- not imported in a British-built

Ship, the Load, containing 7. 50 Cubic Feet

- of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or.Plantations in America, and importeddirectly from thence,

; 8 Inches square or upwards,

the Load, eontaining joCubic Feet

49 Geo. III. 5

Permanent.

Duty.

£ s. J.

009

016

O 10 3

6 14 6

Drawback.

£ x. d.

093 09 6

1 o 6

x 1 6

x o 6

1 i 6

016

498

062 062 o 13 8

o 13 8

o 13 8 o 13 8

Temporary

or

War Duty.

£ S. d.

003

006

0 3

4 10

o 6 ic

o 6 10

072

o © a

Permanent. Temporary

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Duty. Drawback. or War Duty;

Wood — continued. --.-..-8 Inches square or upward?, - imported in a British-built Ship, the Load, containing £ s. d. £ W £ s. d.

50 Cubic Feet - not imported in a British-built Ship, the Load, containing or 19 6 0 13. 0 0 6

50 Cubic Feet of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, 8 Inches square or upwards, the Load, containing 50 Cubic Feet - or described, or otherwise charged with Doty, being 8 Inches square or upwards -- imported in a British-built Ship, the Load, containing 106 036 o 13 0 0 6 u> 0 i 2

50 Cubic Feet -- not imported in a British-built Ship, the Load, containing 1 0 6 0 13 8 0 6 10

50 Cubic Feet of all Sor(s not particularly enumer- ated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, being 8 Inches square or upwards, the Load, containing 50 Cubic Feet For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions, under which Timber, fit for naval Purposes, of the Growth or Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in North America may be imported from thence Duty free. See 46 Geo. 3. cap. 117. continued by 48 Geo. 3. cap. 19. until 25 th March 1810. - - - under 5 Inches square and under 24 Feet in Length, 1x6 016 0 13 8 07a 0 0 0

- imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 - not imported in a British-built Ship,17 3 1 18 2 0 19 X

the 120 - - - 5 Inches square and under 8 Inches square, or if 24 Feet in Length or upwards,18 3 1 18 2 0 19 5

- imported in a British-built Ship, the 20 - not imported in a tiritiih-huiit Ship. 739526 2 11 3

the 120 - of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, of all Sorts under 8 Ir.che* square, the 120 — Wain foot Log9, viz, being 8 Inches square or upwards, - imported in a Bri ifli-built Ship, the Load containing 7166 0 10 3 5*<5 2 it 2 035

50 Cubic Feet - not imported in a British-built Ship, the Load containing 1 8 3 0 18 10 095

50 Cubic Feet of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported diltdly from 193 0 18 10 099

A.D. 1809.

490 GEORGII III.

Ci^8< 8^5

Permanent.

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.'Duty. Drawback.

Wood — Wainscot Logs, continued. thence, being 8 Inches square or upwards, the Load, containing 50 £ s. d. £ /. d.

Cubic Feet - — Yards, See Marts. Wood, unmanufactured, of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise 036

charged with Duty, for every iool. of the Value Wood, unmanufactured, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every iool. of the Value i >3 9

imported in a British-built Ship 20 0 0 13 6 8

not imported in a British-built Ship For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Mahogany, Staves, 'l imber, and other Wood, may be secured in approved Places, without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126. Wood Ashes, See Arties. Wood Scoops, See Scoops. Wooden Clocks, See Clocks. Wool, viz. 21 00 13 6 8

Beaver Wool, the lb. - cut and combed (except combed in Russia, and imported from thence in a British-built Ship) 010

the lb. — Carmenia Wool, See Goat Hair in Hair. x 1 6

- Coney Wool, the lb. — - Cotton Wool, viz. 003

- imported in a British-built Ship, the 100 lbs. - 087 —

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the looibs. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Cotton Wool may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. c. 137. and 48 Geo 3. cap. 126. — Goats Wool, See Goat Hair in Hair. 017 2

- Hares Woo], the cwt. Lamb's Wool, See Sheep's Wool. — - Ostrich or Eflrich Wool, 0 13 9

- imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt. 050 —

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt. 0100

- Polonia Wool, the cwt. - 050 —

- Red Wool, the cwt. - 050 —

Sheep's Wool or Lamb's Wool, the cwt. 050 —

- Spanish Wool, the cwt. — Turkey Goat's Wool, Ses Goat Hair in Hair. Note. — His Majesty is authorized to permit, by Order in Council, Wool (except Cotton Wool) to be imported into Great Britain in any foreign Ship or Vessel, on Pay men* of such Duties as are due and payable thereon when imported in a British built Ship, See Geo. 3. cap. 29. rtvived and continued by 45 Geo. 3. cap. 80. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 29. and by 48 Geo. 3. cap. 24. further continued until Three Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace. 050

Woollen Cloths, all Manner of, the Yard Woollen Stuffs, See Stuff*. — Yarn, See Yarn. Worm Seed, See Seed. W orfted Tapes, See Tapes. S Sa 1x6

Temporary

or

War Duty.

£ s. d.

012

1 4 7

6 13 4 700

004

072

001

084

084

0 4 7

018

0 3 4

018

018

018

0x8

o 7 a

L

49# GEORGII Hi

A.D. 180g

C. 9&.

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Permanent.

Y.

Yards, See Mads, in Wood.

Yarn, viz.

- Cable Yarn, the cwt.

- Camel or Mohair Yarn, the lb.

- Cotton Yarn, the lb.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Cotton Yarn and Mohair Yarn may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. g; . cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

--Cotton Yarn, of the Manufacture of the Isle of Man,

See Man, Isle of.

- Grogram Yarn, the lb.

- Raw Linen Yarn, made of Flax,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt.

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt

--Raw Linen Yarn, not made of Flax,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt.

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt. Note. — Rawr Linen Yarn may be imported in Ships not

Entish-built, during the War and until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, on Payment of the same Duty, as if imported in British-built Ships, See the Ad to which this Schedule is annexed.

- Wick Yarn, the cwt.

- Woollen or Bay Yarn, the cwt.

- Woriled Yarn, being of Two or more Threads, twilled

or thrown, the lb.

- of any other Sort, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every 100 1. of the Value Yellow Berries, See Berries.

Z.

Zaffrc, for every icol. of the Vhlue

Zedoariu, imported direCUy from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

- not impoited directly from the Place of its Growth,

the lb.

Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, not otherwise enumerated or described, prohibited to be worn or uied in Great Britain, imported from Europe under Licence for Exportation to Africa, for every jool. of the Value -

Tor the Conditions, Regulations, and RellriClions under which such Goods may be so imported. See 5 Geo. 3. cap. 30.

Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, being either in part or wholly manufactured, and not being enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, and not prohibited to be imported into or used in Great Britain, for every iool. of the Value Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, not being either in part or wholly manufactured, and not being enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, and not prohibited to be imported into or used in Great Britain, for every i©ol. of the Value

Duty. Drawback.

£ s. d. £ s. d.

0 13 6

OIO 008

0 0 6

010 008

\o 0 0 —

0 UJ O ——

0 2 6 —

O 13 O

2 l6 O

O19O

010 —

37 10 0 —

20 0 0 13 6 S

009 006

016 O I O

2 jo 0 —

37 10 0 —

0 0 0 13 6 8

Temporary

or

War Duty,

TT7

045

004

OQ3-

004.

0 0 2 O44

o o ia o < o

o 18 8 064

004 12 10 O

6 13 4

003

00 6

o 16

12 10 O

6 13 4

SCHEDULE (A.)

OUTWARDS.

Permanent Duty. Temporary or War Duty.

£ /. d £ s. d

0 0 000*

-Jrt <* O O 0 0 14

0014 0 0 oj

0 0 44 0 0 14

0 0 44 0 0 14

009 003

049 0 i 7

003 001

009 003

0 0 41 0 0 i{

0 1 3 005

013 0 0 j

1 1690 12 3

066 0 2 3

049 0 x 7

0 1 0 OO4

600 % O O

009 OO3

a 1 0 OO4

049 Oiy

0 13 005

009 003

006 O O 2

0 0 14 mw O O O '

049 OI .7

049 0 1 7

0 0 ic| 0 0 31-

006 002

049 0 1 7

046 ox6

a 0 i-j 0 0 oj

0 1 3'0 ' '0"

OUTWARDS.

FOREIGN.

Agaric, r/ar.

- rough or imtrimmed, the lb.

- trimmed or pared, the lb.

Ammoniacum Sal, See Sal Ammoniacus.

Annotto, the lb.

Antimonium cmdum, the cwt.

Aquafortis, the Gallon -

Arabic Gum, See Gum.

Argol, the cwt.

Arlenic, the cwt.

Bay Berries, the cwt.

Beaver Skins, the Skin or Piece of Skia -

- Wool, See Wool.

Brazil Wood, 7 c w 1

Brazilletto or Jamaica Wood, )ee Calaminaris Lapis, See Lapis Calaminaris.

Cochineal, the lb.

Cream of Tartar, the cwt. -

Fuflic, See Wood.

Ga'ls, the cwt.

Gem Sal, See Sal.

Guinea Wood, See Red Wood in Wood.

Gum, viz.

- Arabic, the cwt.

- Senega, the cwt.

- Stic Lac, the cwt.

Jamaica Wood, See Brazilletto Wood in Wood.

Indigo, Fall India, See Table (BJ.

Ilinglass, the cwt.

Lapis Caliminaris, for every ool. of the Value Litmus, the cwt.

Logwood, See Wood

Madder, the cwt.

- Root, the cwt.

Nicaragua Wood, See Wood.

Orehal, the cwt.

Orchelia, the cwt.

Pomegranate Peels, the cwt.

Red or Guinea Wood, See Wood.

Safflower, the ib.

Sal, viz.

- Ammoniacus, the cwt.

- Gem, the cwt.

Sapan Wood, See Wood.

Saunders, red, the cwt.

Senega Gum, See Gum.

Shumac or Sumach, the cwt.

Stick Lac, See Gum.

Tonnage Duty on Ships or Vessels entering outwards (except in Ballast) in any Port of Great Britain for Foreign Parts, See Table (D).

Tornfal or Turafole, the cwt.

Valonia, the cwt.

Verdegris, the lb.

Wood, viz., j

- Brazd Wood, the cwt. j 5

A.D. 1809.

SCHEDULE (A.) - OUTWARDS.

So .1K1 © N, continued.

Wood, continued

- Brazillctto or Jamaica Wood, the cwt.

- Fustick, the cwt.

- Logwood, the cwt.

For the Condi ions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Logwood may be exported in British-built chips, Duty free, See 7 Geo. 3. cap., 47.

- Nicaragua Wood, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.

- Red, or Guinea Wood, the cwt.

Sapan Wood, the cwt.

Wool, iiz.

- Beaver Wool, the lb.

BRITISH.

Alum, the cwt -

Badger Skins, See Skins.

Bull's Hair, See Hair.

Calaminaris Lapi, See Lapis Calaminaris.

Calve bkins, See Skins.

Cards, viz.

- new Wool Cards, the Dozen

- old Wool Cards, the Dozen Cat Skins, See Skins.

Coals usually sold by Measure, viz.

- " exported to the Ilk of Man, the Chalder, Winchester

Measure -

- to any British Colony or Plantation in America, the Chalder, Winchester Measure exported toany of the Territories of the United States of America,

- in a British-built Ship, the Chalder, New-

castle Measure

- not in a British-built Ship, the Chalder, New-

castle Measure — - - to any other Place,

- in a British-built Ship, the Chalder,

Newcastle Measure --- not in a British-built Ship, the

Chalder, Newcastle Measure.exported in certain Quantities from the Ports of Newcastle and Swanfeato the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney, the Chalder, Newcastle Measure For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Coals may be so exported, See 6 Geo. 3. cap. 40. 'Coals usually sold by Weight, viz.

- exported to the Isle of Man, the Ton, containing 20 owt. -- to any British Colony or Plantation in America, the Ton^containing 20 cwt.

- to any of the Territories of the United States of America,

.. in a British-built Ship, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.

- not in a Biiiifh-built Ship, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.

- to any other Place,

- in a British-built Ship, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.

not in a British-built Ship the Ton, containing 20 cwt.

Coney Skins, See Skins.

Copperas, for every lool. of the Value Cow Hair, Ste Ox Hair in Hair,

Permanent Duty. Temporary or War Duty.

£ s. d. £. d.

009 0 0 j

00^ OOI

0 1 3 0 0 s.

050 018

010 004

006 0 0 2

0 0 0 i 8

6 M U* —

0 0 9

0 0 6

O H Os 002

026 003

0 17 0 0 1 s

i 10 3 026

I -2 O 0 1 10

l5 4 030

0 12 0 0 j ©

O O 0 0 0 j

0*8 002

0 590 0 c

010 0 0 0 10

079008

0 it © 0 I ©

6 00 mam

A.D. 1809.

49° GEORGII III.

SCHEDULE (A.) — OUTWARDS.

British, continued.

Culm, viz.

- exported to the Isle of Man, the Chalder, Winchester

Measure

- to any British Colony or Plantation in America, the Chalder, Winchester Measure -- to any of the Territories of the United States of America

- in a British-built Ship, the Chalder

Newcastle Measure

- not in a British-built Ship, the Chal-

der, Newcastle Measure -- to any other Place,

- in a.ritish-built Ship, the Chalder,

Newcastle Measure

- not in a British-built Ship, the Chal-

der, Newcastle Measure

&£}

Gel*lings, See Horses.

Glue, theewt.

Hair, h.

- bull. Cow, or Ox, the cwt.

- Hart, the cwt.

--Horse, the cwt.

--not particularly enumerated or described and not prohibited to be exported, for every 1001. of the Value Hart Hair, 0 n

Horse Hair, j Halr;

Horses, Mares, or Geldings, each -

Kid Skins, See Skins.

Lamb Skins, See Sheep Skins in Skins.

Lapis Calaminaris, for every ic > 1 of the Value Lead, call or uncaft, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

- Ore, for every iool. of the Value

Leather, of all Sorts, tanned, tawed, or drolled, the cwt.

Litharge of Lead, the cwt.

Mares, S e Horses.

Otter Skins, See Skins.

Ox Hair, See Hair.

Sheep Skins, See Skins.

Skins, viz,

- Badger Skins, the Skin

- Calve Skins, tanned, tawed, or dressed, the cwt.

- Cat Skins, the 100 Skins — Coney Skins, dressed or tawed, the 120 Skins — -- Dog Skins, the Lo/.en Skins -

- Fox Skins, the Skin

- Kid Skins in the Hair, the 100 Skins - dressed, the 100 Skins

--Otter Skins, raw, the Skin

- tawed or dressed, the Skin

--Sheep and Lamb Skins, tawed or dressed without Wool

the 120 Skins

- tanned, the cwt.

- Squirrel Skins, the 1000 Skins

- Swan Skins, the Skin

Skins or Pieces of Skins, not particularly enumerated or de* feribed, and not prohibited to be exported, for every iool. of the Value -

Tin, on wrought, theewt.

Permanent Duty.

£ d.£ s.

00 6 —

0*p —

046 —

080 —

0 0 —

0 10 0 —

010 —

026 —

020 —

074 —

6 Q 0 —

220 —

600

3 10 0 —

600 —

0 1 4 —

004

0 0 1

0 1 4 —

0 1 8 —

014 —

002 —

001 —

008 —

0 0 10 —

001 —

002

030 —

014 —

030 —

002

600 -

038 —

Temporary or

War Duty.

C. 98.

864

49° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1809.

C. 98.

SCHEDULE (A.) — OUTWARDS.

Permanent

Duty.

British, continued.

For the Conditions Regulations, and Restrictions under which Tin unwrought nnay be exported to Countries beyond the Cape of Good Hope without Payment of this Duty, See 30 Geo3 cap. 4.

Tonnage Duty on Ships or Vessels entering outwards (except in ballad) in any Port of Great Britain for Foreign Parts, SeeTaule (VD.)

Wool Cards, See Cards.

£ s. (I.

The following Duties are also tobc paid on Goods of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain, exported from thence, viz.

Goods Wares, aaid Merchandize of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain (except as herein after mentioned) exported to any Part ot Europe, or to any Port or Place within the Streights of Gibraltar, for every lool. of the true and real Value thereof -

Goods, Wares, and Merchandize of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain leve.pt as herein after mentioned) exported to any Port or Place whatever, not being in Europe, or within the Streights of Gibraltar, or within the Limits of the Charters granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, for every icol. of the true and real Value thereof Goods, Wares, and Merchandize of the Growth, Produce, and Manufacture of Great Britain (except herein after mentioned) exported to any Port or Place whatever, being within the l imits of the Charters granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading so the East Indies, for every 100b of the true and real Value thereof - For the Conditions, Rules, and Regulations under which these Duties may be secured by Bond, Sc£ the Ai\ to which this Schedule is annexed.

o 10 o

I

o ©

Bullion. ExCfrt*

Cotton Yarn, or other Cotton Manufactures, being of the Manufacture of Great Britain.

Linen of the Manufacture of any Part of the United Kingdom.

Mclafies.

Sugar refined of all Sorts, and Sugar called Candy.

Goods, Wares and Merchandize, exported from Great Britain to the I lie of Man, by virtue of and under the Authority of any Licence which the Cornmil-tioners of His Mahity's Customs in England, or Scotland, or any Three or more of them, are or may be authorized and empowered to grant.

Any Sort of Ciait, F od, Victuals, Cloathing, or Implements or Materials necessary iov the British Fisheries ellabhlhcd in the Island of Newfoundland, or in any ot His Majesty's Colonies, lllands, or Plantations m North Ameiiea, on due Entry' thereof, and exported from Great Britain to the said Colonies, I (lands, or Plantations.

Woollen Goods, of the Manufacture of Great Britain, exported to ary Poit gr Place within the Limits of the Charters of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

Military Sturrs exported, by the United Company' of Merchants of England trading to the Lait Indies.

1 emporary or

War Duty. £ s. d.

IOC

300

40c

SCHEDULE (A.)

COASTWISE.

COASTWISE.

Cinders made of Pit Coal brought Coastwise From any Port or Place in Great Britain, into any other Port or Place in England or Wales, the Chalder, Winchester Measure

For the Duties on Cinders brought by the Grand Junction and Paddington Canals to London, SeeCoala so brought. Coals (except Charcoal made of Wood) brought Coastwise from any Port or Place in Great Britain into the Port of London, viz,

- in case they are such as are most usually sold by Weight,

the Ton containing 20 cwt.

' 1 in case they are such as are most usually sold by Measure, the Chalder, Winchester Measure For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which a Quantity of Coals, Culm, and Cinders, not exceeding 50, 000 Tons in the Whole, may be brought, within One Year, by the Grand Junction and Paddington Canals to London, on Payment of the following Duty, See 45 Geo. 3. cap. 128. continued by46 Geo. 3. cap. 104. 47 Geo. 3. Sefr. 1. cap. 134. and by 48 Geo. 3. cap. 95. further continued to the lit August 1811, viz.

- For every Ton of Coals, Culm, and Cinders so brought

A further Duty of is. 3d. per Ton on Coals, Culm and Cinders so brought is also payable to the proper Officer of the Customs, and at the End of every Quarter is to be paid to the Corporation of London in lieu of the Duty called Orphans' Duty, and of all other Rates, Dues and Duties payable to that Corporation upon Coals, Culm, or Cinders imported into the Port of London, See 45 Geo. 3. cap. 128. continued by 46 Geo. 3. cap. 104. 47 Geo. 3. ScfT. i. cap. 134.and by48 Geo. 3. cap. 95. further continued to the ill August 1811. Coals, (except Charcoal made of Wood) brought Coastwise from any Port or Place in Great Britain into any other Port or Place in England or Wales, (except the Port of London, ) t*i*.

- in case they are such as are moil usually sold by Weight,

the Ton containing 20 cwt.

- in case they are such as are most usually sold by Measure, the Chalder, Winchester Measure Coals sent Coastwise from the Port of Newcastle-upon-Tyne to any other Port or Place in Great Britain, the Chalder, Newcastle Measure

.. brought Coastwise into the Port of London for the Use of the Royal Hospital at Chelsea, not exceeding 100 Chalders in any One Year, the Chalder, Winchester Measure For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which the Duties on Coals brought Coastwise, or from any Port or Place to any other Port or Pla<*e within 1 Great Britain, maybe secured by Bond, &e Z7 Geo. 3. cap. 32.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and !Rdftri$ions under which Coals may be carried from EUenfoot to Bank End in the County of Cumberland, or from any Creek or Place to any other Creek or Place between Ellen-foot and Bankcnd, without Payment of any Duty of Customs, See 8 Geo. 1. cap. 14.

Permanent.

Duty. Drawback.

£ s. d. 060 £ ». 4.

076 094 040 0 510

07 6 —

04 0 060 038 056

010 —

060

Temporary

or

War Duty.

£ d.

090

o 2 6

03*

026

o 1 4

O , 2 Q

004

0

2

49 Geo. III.

5 T

1

49° GEORGII ' IIP

A.D. 1800.

C. 98.

SCHEDULE (A.)-COASTWISE.

Permanent.

Coals sent Coastwise, See. continued.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which all the Duties on Coals used for melting Copper and Tin Ores within the Counties of Cornwall and Devon shall be repaid. See <j Ann. cap. 6.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and restrictions under which all the Duties on Coals which shall be used in Fire Engines for draining Water out of the Mines of Tin and Copper within the County of Cornwall shall be repaid, See 14. Geo. 2. cap. 41,

For the Conditions, Regulations, and restrictions under which all the Duties on Coals used in calcining or fmclting Copper and Lead Ores, within the Isle of Anglesey, or which shall be used in Fire Engines for draining Water out of the Mines of Copper and Lead within the said Isle shall be repaid, See 26 Geo. 3. cap. 104. and 43 Geo. 3. cap. 6S. [ §24.]

*0 For the Conditions, Regulations, and Ueilridlions under which all the Duties on Coal> nfed for any Purpose re lating to the carrying on the Works for the manufacturing of Tin Plates, and for other Purposes at I en-nygored in the County of Pembroke, calkd the Penny-gored Works, shall be repaid, provided the Amount thereof shall not exceed iooool. in any One Year, Set 35 Geo. cap. 39.

Culm, brought Coastwise from any Port or Plaoe in Great Britain into the Port of London, the Chalder, Win-chefttr Measure — For the Duties on Culm brought by the Grand Junction and Paddington Canals to London, See Coals so brought.

- To be used for the burning of Lime carried in any Vessel or Boat, not exceeding 30 Tons Burthen, from any Place within the Limits of the Port of Milford in the County of Pembroke to any other Place within the Counties of Pembroke, Carmarthen, Cardigan, or Merioneth, the Chakler, Winchester Measure For the Conditions, Regulations, and Re(lri<£lions under which Culm may be so carried, Set 33 Geo. 2. cap 15. — brought Coallwile from any Port or Place in Great Britain into any other Port or Place in England or Wales (except the Port of London and except Culm carried from Milford as before-mentioned) the Chalder, Winchester Measure Cinders, Coals, and Culm, carried from any Part of the Lan-enfter Canal or any of the Branches thereof, or from any Part or Place wdtlun the Hundred of Lonsdale in the C ounty of Lancaster into the LHverllone Canal acroft or along the Bay or Eiluary foparating the Two Canals, arc not liable to any Duty Customs Cinders, Coals, and Culm, shipped Coastwise at any Port in Great Britain, and delivered in any Part beyond the Seas before the Duties due on the Exportation thereof shall have been paid, the Mailer of the Vessel shall not be permitted again to cuter or clear out at any Port in Great Britain until he shall have paid not only the Duties due on the Exportation of such Cinders, Coals, and Cuhn, but in Addition, thereto for every Chalder thereof so entered Coal! wife, Winchester Measure -

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which the said Duty of Three Shillings the Chalder shall be repaid, See 25 Geo. 3. cap. 54.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Coals and Culm may be carried 00 the Moa-6

Duty.

£ s. d

Drawback.

£ d.

o 1 5

Oil

Temporary

or

War Duty.

£ d.

0 1 3

005

005

867

C. 98.

SCHEDULE (A.) — COASTWISE.

Cinders, Coals, and Culm, &c. continued,

mouthshire Canal, and afterwards carried or conveyed from any Port or Place to the Eastward of the Islands called the Holmes, to any other Port or Place in or upon the Pviver Severn, also to the Eastward of the said Islands without passing to the West ward thereof, without Payment of Doty, 37 Geo. 3. cap.100.; and for the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Coals and Culm may be carried or conveyed on the Monmouthshire Canal, or on any of the Railways or Tramrcmds connected therewith, and afterwards to the Port of Bridgewater only by a Passage to the Westward of the Islands called the Holmes, jy>t-withstanding the Restrictions before-mentioned, without Payment of Duty, See 42 Geo. 3. cap. 115. of the Public Local and Personal Acts.

Slate, of the Pcodudion of Great Britain, brought Coastwise from any Port or Place within Great Britain to any other Port or Place therein (except as herein after mentioned), for every iool. of the Value

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which any such Slate brought into any Port of Great Britain for the sole Purpose of being exported from thence to Parts beyond the Sea9 may be entered without Payment of Duty, See 34 G. 3. cap. 51.

Stone, of the Production of Great Britain, brought Coastwise from any Port or Place within Great Britain to any other Port or Place therein (except as herein after mentioned), for every icol. of the Value -

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which any Marble, Lime Stone, or Iron Stone whatever; any Stone cut or manufactured into Mill Stones, Grind Stones, or Whet Stones, or either of them; any Stone manufactured or converted into Posts and Caps for Com Stacks or Mowsteads, Troughs, Gate Posts, or other Articles used for the Purposes of Husbandry; any Growan Stone or Stone commonly called or known by the Name of Growan Stone, or Stone commonly called or known by the Name of China Stone, or any other Stone to be used in the Manufacture of Porcelain or of Pottery j or any Stones whatever cut or manufactured into Burr Stones j and any Stones used for the Purpose of Paving, or for the Purpose of making or mending Roads, may be entered without Payment of Duty; See 34 Geo. 3. cap. 51. and 398c 40 Geo. 3. cap. 51.

Permanent. Temporary or War Duty.

Duty. Drawback.

£ s, d. £ s. d. £ s. d.

26 8 0 — 8 26 0

26 8 0 — 8 16 0

S T*.

1

49# GEORGII III.

A.D. 1809.

C. 98.

TABLE (B.)

A TABLE of the DUTIES of CUSTOMS payable on the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein enumerated or described, imported into Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and secured in Warehouses:

ALSO,

Of the Duties of Customs on such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, when taken out of such Warehouses to be used or confuraed in Great Britain; tqgether with the Drawbacks to be allowed on the Exportation of certain of those Goods, Wares, and Merchandize from Great Britain.

Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and secured in Warehouse3 under the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions directed and required by 39 Geo. 3. cap. ^9. viz,

- Muslins, plain, Nanquin Cloths, Muslins or White Callicoes flowered or ditched, for every iool. of the Value -

- Plain White Callicoes, plain White Dimity, and all

Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, prohibited to be worn or used in Great Britain, for every jocl. of the Value -

- Coffee and Cocoa Nuts, for every icol. of the Value

- Sugar, for every iool. of the Value

- All other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize (except

Bullion, Cotton Wool, Saltpetre, and Tea) for every iool. of the Value Which several Values shall be ascertained according to the gross Price at which such Goods respectively shall have been sold at the Public Sales of the said Company, without any Deduction or Abatement whatever.

For the Conditions, Regulations, znd Restrictione under which the said Duties may he secured by Bond, See 39 Geo. 3. cap. 59.

- ' Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, so imported and

warehoused (not being prohibited to be worn or used in Great Britain) may be delivered from such Warehouses for the Purpose of being used or consumed in Great Britain, on Payment of the following Duties of Customs, exclusive of the Duties before mentioned, paid or secured by the said Company on warehousing any of the said Goods; and also on Payment of such Excise or other Duties as shall be due or payable thereon at the Time of such Delivery, viz.

Almonds, viz,

- Bitter, the cwt.

« — --- of any 01 her Sort, the cwt.

Aloes, viz.

- Socotorina, the lb.

- of any other Sort, the lb.

Alum, the cwt. - m

- Roch Alum, the cwt.

Permanent. Temporary or War Duty.

Duty. Drawback.

& . <i. £ s. d. £. d.

0 0 a it

0 0 M Q 16 8

2 lO 0 — 0 16

IOO

2 0 0 013 4

too 0 6 g

300 — lot

Ol6 — 00 6

OO9 — 003

on 0 — °38

o 7 © i — 1 ° a 4

A.B. i So 9.

49° GEORGII III.

C. 98. 869

TABLE (B.)

Amber, vh.

- 1 Beads, See Bead\

- rough, the lb.

not otherwise enumerated or described, for every iool. of the Value -

Ambergris, the o*.

Ammoniacum Gum, See Gum Ammoniacus.

- Sal, See Sal Ammoniacus*

Animi Gum, See Gum.

Aniseed, See Seed.

Annotto, the cwt.

Aquafortis, the cwt.

Arabic Gum, See Gum.

A ramgoes or Arangoe Beads, for every iocl. of the Value*Arrack, See Spirits.

Arfeoic, the cwt.

Afafcetida, the lb.

Auripigmentum, See Orpiraent*

Balsam, viz.

- Artificial, the lb.

- Natural, the lb.

Bamboo Canes, See Canes.

Barilla, the cwt.

Bark, viz.

--Jefitits Bark, See Cortex Peruvianus.

- not otherwise enumerated or described, for every 100

of the Value Bdellium, the lb.

Beads, viz.

- Amber Beads, the lb.

- Arangoe Beads, See Arangoes.

- Coral Beads, the lb.

- Crystal Beads, the 1000

not otherwise enumerated or described, for every 100!

of the Value Bees Wax, See Wax.

Benjamin, the lb.

Bezoar Stones, the oz.

Books, viz.

- bound, the cwt.

-»unbound, the cwt.

Borax, viz

- refined, the lb.

-> unrefined or Tincal, the lb.

Bottles of Green or Common Glass full orempty, not of left content than onePint, and not being Phials, the Dozen Quarts

Brandy, See Spirits.

Bullion and foreign* Coin of Gold o* Siker, Duty free. Cajaputa, Oil of, &*Oil.

Cake-lac, See Lac in Gum;

Calaminaris Lapis, See Lapis.

Calicoes, viz.

- 1 Plain White Calicoes for every iool. of the Value -

Drawback to be allowed on Exportation of such of the said Goods which shall have been printed, stained, painted, or dyed, in Great Britain, for every iool. of the Value

- 1 1 White flowered or Hitched, Sef tfbdiar.

Cabrc Skins, See Skins.

Cambogium, See Gambogp.

Ound Huir, See Hmr.

Camphire, vip.

'-m — refined, the lb. i 5

unrefined, the Ifi.

Permanent.

Duty.

Drawback.

£ s. £ s. d. £ s. i.

0 I — 004

Sl 0 — 17 1 8

030 010

1 S ° 084

0, 0 03a

S3 16 3 — 17 18 si

O9O — 030

0 0 6 0 O- 2

0 3 0 -1 — 0 i, e

0*6»0 0 10

086 — 0*10

37 0 it 10 9-

006 — 0 0 a

076 — 026

0 10 0 — |034

0180 — 069

51 5 0 — ty 1 t

010 — 004

016 — 0 0

4*0 _*7 4

3 16 — 1 0 6

010 M. , 004

0 0 4$ 6 0 ij

0 v/» O»0 r S I r

O* 1 jja 0 0 p 17 18 1 1

oi$ t _ 0 0 5

0 09 — 0 0 3

Temporary

or

War Uuty.

C. 08. §41.]

TABLE (B.)

Candles of Wax, the lb.

Canes, viz.

- Bamboo, the ioooo

..Rattans, (not ground Rattan, ) the 1000

- Reed Canes, thw ioooo

> — Walking Canes or Sticks mounted, painted, inlaid, or otherwise ornamented or manufactured, for ever)' Tool, of the Value

- Wanghres Jumboo, Gro\ind Rattans, Dragons Blood,

and other Walking Canes or Sticks, the ioooo Cantharides, the lb.

Caps of Cotton, for every iool. of the Value Cardamom^, the lb, -

Carmenia Wool, See Goat Hair in Hair.

Carmine, the oz.

Carpets, wz.

- of Persia, the Yard square

- of Turkey, under Yards square, the Carpet

- 4 Yards square and not exceeding 6 Yards t square, the Carpet

- exceeding 6 Yards square, the Carpet Cashew Gum, See Gum.

Callia Ruds, the lb.

- Filtuta, the lb.

--Li$nea, the lb.

Caftoi', <Oil°of, } S, <, 0il-Cayenne Pepper, See Pepper.

Chemical Oil, See Oil.

China Root, the lb.

China Ware, for every tool, of the Value Cinnabar, See Vermillion.

Cinnnbaris Nativa, the lb.

Cinnamon, the lb.

- Oii of See Oil.

Cloves, the lb.

- Oil of, See Oil.

Cochineal, the lb.

- Dull, the lb..-

Cocoa Nuts the lb.

Subject also to a Duty of Excise.

Coculus Indus, the lb. Coffee, the lb.

Subject also to a Duty of Excise,

Coin, Foreign, of Quid or Silver, See Bullion.

Colocynth, See Coloquintida.

Coloquintida or Colocynth, the lb.

Colours for Painters, See Painters Colours.

Columbo Root, the lb.

Contrayervx Lapis, See Lapis.

- Radix, See Radix.

Copal Gum, See Gum.

Copper, viz,

--Ore, the cwt.

- old, fit only to be re-manufactured* the cwt.

on wrought, viz.

- Copper in Bricks or Pigs, Rose Copper,

and all call Copper, the cwt. --- Copper in Plates and Copper Com, the

cwt.

- part wrought, vizf Bar«; Rods, or Ingots, hammered or raised, the cwt.

Permanent.

Duty.

Drawback. War Duty,

Temporary

£ s. d £ s. J. £ 9. d.

0 1 6 — - 0 O 6

I 1 6 1--, - 0 7 2-

I 1 6 — 0 7 2

0 169* — 0 5 7

51 5 0 — ll 1 8

2 10 0 0 16 8

O 2 0 — 0 0 8

54 0 0 — 18 0 0

0 1 3 — 0 0 5

0 .2 6 T" 0 0 <0

1 109 0 JO 3

0 lS 0 — 0 5 0

3 0 0 — 1 0 c

5 0 0 — 1 13 4

0 r 0 0 0 4

0 0 6 — . 0 0 2

0 1 6 0 0 6.

0 09 0 0 3

£2 0 0 — 7 6 8

0 1 3 0 0 5

0 1 6 — 0 0 6

0 i 6 — 0 1 2

0 0 6 1 0 0 t

0 0 li — 0 0

0 0 3 — 0 0 1

0 1 6, - 0 0 6

0 0 3 0 0 1

0 1 0 — 0 0 4

0 1 0 — 0 0 4

0 0 6 0 0 t

0 $9 — 0 X XI

0 S9 — 0 1 xt

096 — 0 3

0 l9 Z — 0 6 5

49° GEORGII III.

871

A .0.1869.

C. 98.

TABLE (B.) Permanent. Temporary

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

Copper, continued. V Manufactures of Copper, not otherwise enumerated or described. Copper enamelled, and Copper Plates £ s. d. £ s. d. £ s. d.

engraved, for every 1001. of the Value Coral, via, Beads, See Beads. — — 7 in fragments, the lb.; — — whole polished, the lb. 5* 5 0 0 0 7| 076 — 17 1 8 0 0 a* 0 a 6

- unpolished, the lb.' Coriander Seed, See Seed. 03 6 — OS2

Cortex Peruvianus or Jesuits Baifc, the lb. 013 — 0 © j

Costos, the lb. - Cotton, viz. - Manufactures of, not otherwise enumerated or de- 0 0 74 0 0

feribed, for every 100 1. of the Value — - — Thread, See Thread. Wool, See Wool. — . Yarn, See Yam. 0 00 f 18 0

Cowries, for every iool. of the Value*Crystal Beads, See Beads. S3 16 3 — vl do NO

Cubcbs, the lb. Cummin Seed, See Seed. Dyagrydium, See Scammony. Diamonds, Duty free* Dimity, viz. 006 0 0 2

Plain White Dimity, for every 100 1. of the Value - Drawback to be allowed on the Exportation of such of the said Goods which shall have been printed, (lained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, for every 1001. of the Value Dog Skins, See Skins. 51 5 0 0 0 1 0 17 2

Drawings coloured, each* 0 a 0 0 0

plain, each - - - Drugs, on which specific Du ics are payable according to the Quantity, See the several Articles in Alphabetical " Course. - manufactured, not particularly enumerated or de- frribed or otherwise charged with Duty, for every 010 OO4.

iool. of the Value - — . unmanufactured, not particularly enumerated- or de- feribed or otherwise charged with Duty, for every 5l 5 0 17 I 1

tool, of the Value - Earthenware, See China. Ebony, See Wood. ElemiGum, See Gum. 37 10 0 12 10 O

Elephants Teeth, the cwt., Elk Skin9, See Skins. Emeralds, Rubies, and all other Precious Stones and Jewels 3 10 0 0 16 8

(except Diamonds) for every iool. of the Value Feathers, viz. — Ostrich Feathers dressed, the lb. 10 0 0 t 15 0 m 368 0 11 8

- undressed, the lb. of any other Sort, for every iool. of the Value - 0 10 0 37 10 0 034 12 10

Flax, rough or undressed, the cwt*. Forest Seed, See Seed* Furs, See Skins. 003 0 0 t

Galanga, the lb. 003 — or

Galbanum, the lb. -- 009 — 005

Galls, the cwtr 070 — 024

Gamboge, the lb.» Garden Seed, See Seed. Garnet, viz. 010 004.

cut, the lb.»0 17 6 — 0 $ 10

rough, the llu^_* Gem Sal, See Sal, 060 02a

[See 43 6.3* c. (S3. §4J.]

TABLE (B.) Permanent. Temporary

Duty, Drawback. or War Duty.

Geneva, See Spirits. £ s. d. £ s. d. £ 4.

Ginger, the cwt. 0 14 6 O 4 TO

preserved, the lb. - 0 a 0 0 0 8

Gin feng, the lb. - Glass, riz. 0 0 i of «0 3V

Bottles, See Pottles.

- broken, lit only to be remanufactured, the cwt. 020 — 008

- r-- rough Plate Glass, and gtound or polished Plate or

Grown Glals, for every 100l. of the Value 71 15 0 — 23 18 4

and befules for every Foot superlicial Measure 026 —

- Mimufactures of, not otherwise enumerated or described,

for every jool. of the Value 71 T5 0 — 5 18 4

- Paintings on Glass, for every 100l. of the Value 5* 5 ' — 17 t i

Glass is subject also to a Duty of Excise. Gqat Hair, See Hair. Gold Coin, See bullion Plate, See Plate.

Oranilla, the lb. 003 — OOl

Gum, nz.

Ammoniacus, the lb. 009 — 0 0 s

- Animi, the lb. - 006 — 0 0 2

" - Arabic, the cwt. 076 — 0 2 6

- Cafliew, the cwt. 0 4 6 J — Ol6

- Copal, the lb. 010 — O O 0 0

Elemi, the lb. HW Q 0 —

- T* — Junjper, See Gum Sandrake.-- — Lac, viz.

- Cake Lac, the lb. 003 0 0 4^ — ool

- > Shellac, or Seed Lac, the lb. — 0 0

- Stick Lac, the cwt. 0 5 0 — 018

- Opoponax, the lb. - 0 a 3 — 009

Sagapenum, the lb. 006 — 0 0 2

- Saudrake or Juniper, (the cwt. - 012 0 — O4O

Sarcocoila, the lb. - 006 — O O

Senega, the cwt. 076 — 0 2 6 0 0

- Tragacanth, the lb. 0 0 7i —

- not otherwise enumerated or described, for every Tool.

of the Value - - 37 to 0 — 12 10 O

Hair, viz.

Camel, the lb. -.« 0 to: .* — 0 0 4

- Goat or Carmenia Wool, the lb.»-)003 — 0 0 I

- Human, the lb. - 030- 0 I 0

Handkerchiefs, of Silk printed, stained, painted, or dyed, for every Tool, of the Vthie 23 12 6 8 io 10

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reflri&ions under which Silk Handkerchiefs-m*y be admitted to Entry for Hofne Consumption, 43 Geo. 3. cap. 68.

Hemp, rough or undressed, or ar.y other Vegetable80bftsiwe oi the Nature and Quality of undressed Hetnp, and

applicable to the fame Purposes, the Ton containing 018

20 cwt. - - 0 3o

Hides, J 1

- 1 Buffalo, Bull, Cow, or Ox dn the Hab, -ndt tariffed, tawed, or many Ws*v dressed, the Hide 0 06 __ i s*« 0 0 0 0

- tanned ana not otherwise dressed, the lb. 0 0 it- 1

- Horse, Mare, or Gelding, in the Hair, not tanned or in any'Way dressed, the Hide 00 6 — 0 0 2 _ a 0.1

- tanned, and not otherwise drtfled, the lb.^0 0 0 0

- or Pieces of Hides, raw or undressed, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged wkn Duty, for every ool. of the Value

3° 0 0 w so 0 0

- or Pieces of Hides, tanned, tawed, or in any Way dressed,

not particularly enumerated on described, or otherwise charged with IDvty, 'foFevery« tool, of the Value 96 0 © - 30 0 0

4

TABLE (B.)

Horns, viz.

- Buffalo, Bull, Cow, or Ox, the 100

manufactured, for every iool. of the Value — " - unmanufactured, not otherwise enumerated feribed, for every iool. of the Value Horses, Mares, or Geldings, each Human Hair, See Hair.

Hufie Skins, See Skins.

Japanned Ware, for every tool, of the Value Jesuits Bark, See Bark.

Jewels, See Emeralds.

Indigo, the 100 lb*.

This Duty on Indigo is payable when taken out of the Warehouse either for Exportation or to be used in Great Britain.

Iris Root, See Orrice.

Juniper Gum, See Gum Sandrake.

Knubs of Silk, See Silk.

Lac, See Gum.

Lacquered Ware, for every tool, of the Value -

Lamb's Wool, See Sheep's Wool in Wool.

Lapis, tiz.

- Calaminaris, the cwt.

- Contrayervx, the oz.

- Lazuli, the lb.

- Tutiae, the lb.

Lazuli Lapis, See Lapis.

Lead, iiz.

- White Lead, the cwt.

Leopard Skins, See Skins.

Linseed, Oil of, See Oil.

Long Pepper, See Pepper.

Mace, the lb.

- Oil of See Oil.

Madder Root, the cwt.

Mangoes, the Gallon Manna, the lb.

Maps, the Piece Martin Skins, See Skins.

Maitich, ris.

- Red, the lb.

- of any other Sort, the lb.

Melasses, the cwt.

Motlier of Pearl Shells, rough, the lb.

Mu Ik, the oz.

Mullins, plain, Nanquin Cloths, Mullins or White Callicoes flowered or ft itched, for every iool. of the Value Drawback to be allowed on the Exportation of such of the said Goods which shall have been printed, ftaiued, painted or dyed iu Great Britain, for every iool. of the Value Myrobalanes, viz.

- Candied, the lb.

- dryed, the cwt.

Myrrh, the lb.

Nanquin Cloths, See Mullins.

Nutmegs, the lb.

- Oil of, See OiL

Nux Vomica, the lb.

Oil, viz.

--of Cajaputa, the oz.

- of Cauia, the oz.

of Castor, the lb.

- Chemical Oil, not otherwift? enumerated or defended* for every Fool, of the Value 49 Geo. III. 5 U

Permanent.

Duty.

£ 0 s. d. 3 6

de. Si 5 0

- 20 0 0

4 4 0

- 5 0

0 10 9

51 S 0

0 5 0

0 1 3

0 2 0

0 0. 4-

0 6 6

a 5 9

0 3 0

0 3 0

0 0 9

0 o- 9

0 0 6

0 0 9

0 4 9

0 0 6

0 3 0

0 0 c. 0

0 0 6

0 7 0

0 1 0

3 6

Drawback

£ s. cl.

009

0 v 6

01 6

09

C. 98.

Temporary

or

War Duty.

£ s. d.

0 1 2

17 1 8

6 13 4

i 8 0

17 1 8

0 3 7

17 I 8

018

00c 008 o o i£

0*2

1 II

0

o

o

o

o

6 16 8

002

024

004

003

006

006

003

51 $ 0 I -7 1 8

C. 98.

49c GEORGII III.

A.D. 1809.

TABLE (B.)

Permanent.

Oil, continued*

- of Cinnamon, the oz.

- of Cloves, the oz.

- of Linseed, the Tun containing 252 Gallons

- of Mace, the oz.

- of Nutmeg*, the oz.

- of Turpentine, the lb.

- not otherwise enumerated or described, for every tool.

of the* Value Oker, the cwt.

Olibanum, the cwt.

Opium* the lb.

Opopanax Gum, Set Gum.

Orange Flower Water, the Gallon.

Ore, v iz.

- Copper, See Copper.

- Gold or Silver, See Bullion.

Orpiment or Auripigmentum, the cwt.

Orrice or Iris Root, the cwt.

Ostrich Feathers, See Feathers.

Painters'CoIours, not otherwise enumerated or described, the lb. Paintings t>n Glass, See Glass.

Paper, viz.

- Brown Paper made of old Rope or Cordage only, with-

out separating or extracting the Pitch or Tar therefrom, and without any Mixture of other Materials therewith, the lb.

Printed, painted, or Itained Paper or Paper Hangings,

the Yard square .....of any other Sort not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, the lb. Pearls, for every iool. of the Value Pepper, the lb.

- Cayenne, the lb.

- Long Pepper, the lb.

Pickles of all Sorts, not otherwise enumerated or described, the Gallon Pictures, viz.

- under 2 Feet square the Ti&ure

- of two Feet square and under 4.Feet square the PicIlire

- ? — - of Feet square or upwards the Picture

Plate, viz.

- battered, fit only to be re-manufactured, See Bullion. --of Gold, the oz.Troy

- of Silver gilt, the oz. Troy

- part gilt, the oz Troy -

- ungilt, the oz. Troy Precious Stoues, See Emeralds.

Prints, viz.

- Paper Prints plain, the Piece

- coloured, for every iool. of the Value -

Provisions.

Note — His Majesty Is authorized to permit, for a limited Time, by Order in Council, the Importation into Great Britain from any Port or Place whatever, in any British Ship or Vessel, or in any other Ship or Vessel belonging to Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, and navigated in any Manner whatever, of any Beans called Kidney or French Beans, Tares, Lentiles, Callivances and all other Sorts of Pulse; and also Bulls, Cows, Oxen, Calves, Sheep, Lambs, and Swine, Beef, Pork, Mutton, Veal and Lamb, whether salted or otherwise 5 Bacon, Hams, Tongues, Butter, Cheese, Potatoes, Rice, Sago, Sago Powder, Tapioca, Ver-mktUij Millet Seed, Poultry* Fowls, Eggs, Game and l

Futy. Drawback.

£ s. d.

0 3 0

0 1 0

2 f 0 0

0 1 3

0 X 3

0 0 4

5T 5 0

0 4 3

1 10 0

0 5 6

0 a 0

0 ! 8 0

0 18 0

0 0 6

0 0 6

0 0 9

0 1 0

10 0 0

0 1 3

0 3 0

0 0 6

0 3 0

2 3 0

4 6 0

690

2 8 6

0 4 0

0 3 9

0 2 9

0, 0

5* 5 0

£ s. d.

Temporary or

War Duty.

o

o

7

o

o

o

s. i.

z o

° 4

o o

0 5

o i\

17 1 8

0*5

o 10 o

O I IQ

0 0 8

0 6 0 0 6 0

o 0 a

0 0 2

0 0 3

0 0 4

3 6 8

0 0 5

0 1 0

0 G a

0 1 0

0 14 4

1 8 8

2 3 0

0 16 2

0 1 4

0 1 3

0 0 11

0 0 4

17 t 8

TABLE (B.)

Provisions, continued.

Sour Crout, Duty free, provided due Entry be made. His Majesty is likewise authorized in like Manner to recal such Permission, either in Part or in the Whole, if Circumstances shall seem so to requ re. See 39 Geo. 3. cap. 87. continued by subsequent Acts, and by 49 Geo. 3. cap. 23. revived and further continued until the 25th March 1810.

Quicksilver, the lb.

Radix Contrayervae, the lb.

Rattans, See Canes.

Red Wood, See Wood.

Reed Canes, See Canes.

Rhubarb, the lb.

Rice, the cwt.

See the Note under the Head of Provisions.

Roch Alum, See Alum.

Rose Wood, See Wood,

Rubies, See Emeralds.

Rum, See Spirits.

Safflower, the cwt.

Saffron, the lb.

Sagapenum Gum, See Gum.

Sago, the lb.

See the Note under the Head of Provisions.

Sago Powder, for every tool of the Value

See the Note under the Head of Provisions.

Sal, riz.

- Ammoniacu8, the lb.

- Gem, the cwt.

Salep or Salop, the lb.

Saltpetre, the cwt.

Sandrake Gum, See Gum.

Sanguis Dracones, the lb.

Sarcocolla Gum, See Gum.

Saunders, viz,

- Red, the cwt.

- White or Yellow, the lb.

Scammony, the lb.

Sea Cow, Sea Horse, or Sea Morse Teeth* the lb.

Seal Skins, See Skins.

Seed, viz.

- Aniseed, the cwt.

- Coriander Seed, the cwt.

- Cummin Seed, the cwt.

--Forest Seed, for every ool. of the Value

- Garden Seed, not particularly enumerated or described,

the lb.

- Worm Seed, the lb.

- not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every 100L of the Value Seed Lac, See Lac in Gum.

Sena, the lb.

Senega Gum, See Gum.

Sheep's Wool, See Wool.

Shellac, See Lac in Gum.

Silk, viz.

--Handkerchiefs, See Handkerchiefs.

Permanent.

Duty. Drawback.

£ s. d.

- Knubs or Hulks of Silk, the lb.

- Raw Silk, viz,

- Bengal raw Silk, the lb. --- of any other Sort, the lb.

- Waste Silk, the lb.

Silver Coin, foreign, See Bullion. Silver Plate, See Plate.

3

0 1 0

0 1 0

0 1 3

0 4 9

0 5 6

0 4 6

0 0 4i

5 0

0 0 3

0 5 0

0 0 9

0 0 3

0 1 0

0 2 6

0 0 6

0 4 0

0 1 0

I 8 6

0 6 0

0 10 0

20 0 0

0 0 4i

0 0 9

37 10 0

0 e 9

2 6

o 3 ° 4

Q

5U2

£ s. d.

Temporary

or

War Duty.

£ d.

004

004

o o 5

o I 7

0 I xo

0 I 6

0 O

x7 X 8

0 0.X

0 I 8

0 0 3

0 0 1

0 0 4

0 0 i»

0 0

0 I 4

0 0 4

096

0 2 0

0 3 4

63 4

0 0

0 0 3

12 10 0

0 3

O O 1#

o I o o i 5 O9!

TABLE (B.) Permanent. Temporary

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

Skins, viz. Calve Skins in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or in any £ s. d. £ d. £ s.

way dressed, the Dozen Skins — — Dog Skins in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or in any 0 1 3 — O O

way drolled, the Dozen Skins — - — Elk Skins in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or in any 006 — 0 0 2

Way dressed, the Skin 0 0 7i — 0 0 aj

Hufle Skin, undicued, the Skin*003 — 001

- Leopard Skins, undressed, the Skin 060 — 01 0

- Martin Skins, undressed, the Skin'- Seat Skins in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or in any 009 003

Way dressed, the Skin - 0 0 — 0 0 oj

Squirrel Skins, midrefled, the 100 Skiu9 - Ty ger Skins, undressed, the Skin Skins an<i Furs, or Pieces of Skins and Furs, raw or undrcfled, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise 07 3 — 025

060 02a

charged with Duty, for every loot, of the Value Skins and Furs, or Pieces of Skins and Furs, tanned, tawed, or in any Way dressed, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every 04 M O O 12 10 O'

iool. of the Value 90 O O — 30 0 0

Snuff, the lb. Subject also to a Duty of Excise. Socotorina Aloes, See Aloes. 010 004

Spikenard, the lb. Spiiits, viz. 019 MM- 007

- Arrack, the Gallon - Geneva, the Gallon - - ' — the Produce of the Settlement of the Cape of Good 0 i 3 0 1 i{ 01 iii 009 — 005 0 0 4j 0 0 4i 003

Hope, its Territories or Dependencies, the Gallon Spirits are subject also to a Duty of Excise. 009 003.

SquiHs, theewt. - 03 3 0 1 1

Squinanthum, the lb- Squirrel Skins, See Skins. Stick Lac, See Lac in Gum. 0 0 6 OO

Stockings of Cotton, for every iool. of the Value Storax, viz. — — Calamita or Liquida, the lb. — in the Tear, or Gum, the lb.54 ° 0 009 053 — 18 0 0 0 0 3 0 i90 a 8

Succades, the lb. - - 020 —

Sugar, the cwt. - For the Rules, Regulations, and Conditions tinder which the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury are authorized to suspend according to the Average Price of Sugar as pubKshed in the London Gazette, either One Shilling in the Hundred Weight, Two Shillings in the Hundred Vvreight, or Three Shillings in the Hundred Weight, being Part of the Temporary or War Duty, See the Act to which this Table is annexed. Note. — The Duties on Sugar imported into Great Britain are to continue in force until the 25th March 1810. See the Act to which this Table is annexed. Sugar Candy, viz. 1 a 6 0 ro 0 _ > ft

- Brown, theewt. White, the cwt. 3 12 a 5 15 0 z 140 118 4

Talc, the lb. - 004 .0 °

Tamarinds, the lb. 0 0 41 0 0 M

Tha, for every iool. of the Value Subject also to a Duty of Excise. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Tea may be taken out of the Warehouse, Duty free, for Exportation to Ireland, See 41 Geo. 3. cap.75. 600 60 0

TABLE (B.)

Teake Wood, See Wood.

Terra Japonic?, the lb.

Thread, viz. Cotton Thread, for every iooi. of the Value Tincal, See Borax unrefined.

Tobacco, the 100 lbs.

Haring been delivered out of the Warehouse for Home Trade Consumption or Manufacture in Great Britain, and afterwards manufactured according to Law into Short Cut Tobacco, Shag Tobacco, Roll Tobacco, or Carrot Tobacco, and exported, the 100 lbs.

Subject also to a Duty of Excise.

Tonnage Duty on Ships or Vessels entering Inwards or outwards, (except in Ballast) from or to foreign Parts, See Table (D.)

Tortoise Shell, vrz.

- Manufactures of, for every iool. of the Value

- rough and unmanufactured, the lb.

Tragacanth Gum, ScrGum.

Turbith, the lb.

Turmeric, the lb.

Turpentine. Oil of See Oil.

Turtiae Lapis See Lapis.

Tyger Skins See Skins.

Vermicelli, the lb.

See the Note under the Head of Provisiona. Vermilion or Cinnabar, the lb.

Walking Canes,

Sticks, £ See Caue9.

Wanghee Canes

Wax, <: iz.

- Pees Wax unmanufactured, the cwt.

- White or manufactured, the cwt.

- Candle?, See Candles.

Wood, viz.

- Ebony, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.

- Red Wood, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.

- Rose Wood, the cwt.

- Teake Wood, 8 Inches fqoare or upwards, the Load, containing 50 Cubic Feet

Wool, if*.

- Carmenia Wool, See Goat Hair in Hair.

Cotton Wool, the ioolbs.

- Lamb's Wool, See Sheep's Wool.

- Sheep's Wool or Lamb's Wool, the cwt.

Worm Seed, See Seed.

Yarn, viz,

- Cotton Yarn, the lb.

Zcdoaria, the lb.

Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, being either in Part or wholly manufactured, not being enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty when so imported, and not prohibited, to be imported into or used in Great Britain, for every iool. of the Value Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported by the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, not being either in part or wholly manufactured, not being enumerated or described or otherwise charged with Duty when so imported and not prohibited to be imported into or ufedinGrcat Britain, for every iool. of the Vake.

2.

Permanent.

Duty. Drawback.

£ s. d. 006 J4 o

2 xi 3

5f$°

026

016

004

° ° 4^ 0*3

2 2 0

3 18 o

5*6 140 I 8 9

o 19 6

o 8 7

0 5 o

o o 6 009

5« 5

ao.

C. 98. 877

Temporary

or

War Duty.

£ t- d.

10 o

£ s. d.

0 0

18 0 9

9 12 6

*7 1 8

0 0 10

0 0 6

0 0

0 0

0 0. 5

o 14 ©-

x 6 o

1 14

o 8

*7

9 7

6 6

002

003

6 13 4

878 C. 98.

49° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1809.

[Sn 49 G. 3.

TABLE (C.)

A TABLE of the DUTIES of CUSTOMS payable on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize taken and condemned as Prize or seized and condemned as Droits of Admiralty, and imported or brought into Great Britain.

Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, taken and condemned as Prize, or seized and condemned as Droits of Admiralty, shall a; : d may be landed and secured in approved Warehouses, on Payment (by the Captois or their Agents, ) of the following Duties, viz.

- Brandy, if taken by a Ship of War or seized as Droits

of Admiralty', the Tun containing 252 Gallons -

- if taken by a Private Vessel, the Tun containing 252 Gallons -

Cocoa, if taken by a Ship of War, or seized as Droits of Admiralty, the cwt.

- if taken by a Private Vessel, the cwt.

- Coffee, if taken by a Ship of War, or seized as Droits

of Admiralty, the cwt.

- if taken by a Private Vessel, the cwt.

- Sugar, if taken by a Ship of War, or seized as Droits

of Admiralty, the cwt.

- if taken by a Private Vessel, the cwt.

- Vinegar, if taken by a Ship of War, or by a Private Vessel, the Tun containing 292 Gallons

- Wine, if taken hv a Ship of War, or by a Private

Vessel, the Tan containing 252 Gallons ... All other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, not particularly excepted or otherwise charged with Duty,

- if taken by a Ship of War, or seized as

Droits of Admiralty, for every 100l. of the Value thereof

- if taken by a Private Vessel, for every

jool. of the Value thereof -

- Com, viz,

- Wheat, Wheatmeal, or Flour, Rye, Barley,

Beer, or Bigg, Oats, Oatmeal, Pease, Beans, Indian Corn or Maize, taken and condemned as Prize, shall and may be warehoused in like Manner, and subject to such Rules, Regulations, and Reftn&ions, Duties, Drawbacks, Penalties, and Forfeitures as are provided and enabled by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force with relpedl to any Foreign Corn imported into Great Britain, 43 Geo. 3. cap. iu.

- Goods of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of China or the East Indies, taken and caudemned as Prize, are subject to such Duties and entitled to such Drawbacks as the like Goods are or may be subject and entitled to when imported by the East India Company.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which such Goods may be sold, Su 43 Geo. 3. cap. 134. and 46 Geo. 3. cap. 113. (Local and Person'd.)

- Tobacco taken and condemned as Prize, and secured

in Warehouses according to Law may be exported therefrom without Payment of any Duty, or taken

Permanent Duty. Temporary 1 or 1 War Duty. 1

A. d. r* 1.«* 'HI

a 5 0 0 1C 0 i J 1

0 15 0 I 0 5 0 t

0 39 0 1 3 O O O V/i Cm

0 10 6 0 36 03 6 0 i 2

060 0 3 0 0 3 0 0 0 8

O O —

O O rt -

7 10 0 3 1OO

0 0 ft 0 16 8

TABLE (C.)

Goods, continued.

out of such Warehouses for Home Consumption or Manufacture. on Payment of the Duties due and payable on Tobacco of the Growth or Production of His Majesty's Colonies, Plantations, islands, or Territories in America.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which such Tobacco may be warehoused, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 134. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 99.

- v Snuff, taken and condemned as Prize and secured in

Warehouses according to Law, may be exported therefrom, without Payment of any Duty, or taken out of such Warehouses for Home Consumption, on Payment of the Duties due and payable on Snuff of the Growth or Production of His Majesty's Colonies, Plantations, islands, or Territories in America.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which such Snuff maybe warehoused, Sr#43 Geo. 3. cap. 134. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 99.

Ships or Vessels condemned as Prize or as Droits of

Admiralty (except Ships of War or Private Ships or Vessels of War) with their Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture, (except Sails) for every iool. of the Value -

Note — Ships of War or Private Ships or Vessels of War taken and condemned as Prize, or as Droits of Admiralty, with the Sails, Tackle, Apparel and Furniture belonging to such Ships or Vessels, are Ditty Free.

Ships or Vessels condemned as Prize in any of His Majesty's Dominions out of Great Britain (not being Ships of War or Private Ships or Vessels of War) arc subject to Duty, which shall be paid on the first Arrival of any such Ships or Vessels at any Port in Great Britain, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 134.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Goods taken as Prize and condemned Abroad may, on Importation, be warehoused on Payment of the Duty charged in this Table, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 134. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 99.

Note — No Duties whatever shall be demanded or taken for anyGoods condemned asPrize consisting of Mili-tary or Ship Stores,*/*. Sails, Cordage, Anchors and Cables, Marts, Yards. Bowsprits, Blocks, Guns, Gunpowder, Shot, Match, Gun Carriages, Cartridges and other Materials thereto belonging, and all Timber and Iron converted into and made fit for Ship Building, or for any of the Ufea and Purposes aforesaid 5 Salted Beef, Pork, and Butter, Biscuit, Small Beer, Pease and Oatmeal, Sailors' Clothes, Hammocks, Bedding and Apparatus, and Instruments belonging to Surgeons, Bullion, or for any Goods which may be imported into Great Britain Duty free.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Prize Goods may on Condemnation be secured in Warehouses, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 134. and48 Geo. 3. cap. 99.

Note. — Goods, Wares, and Merchandize condemned as Prize or as Droits of Admiralty, having been secured in Warehouses according to Law, may be taken out of such Warehouses to be used or consumed in Great Britain on Payment of the Remainder of the Duties which w ould at the Time of such taking out have been due and payable to His Majesty thereon, if the fame had been regularly imported by Way of Merchandize into Great Britain.

Permanent Temporary or

Duty. War Duty.

£ . d. £ td.

1000 368

C. 98. 49" GEORGII III. A.D. 1809.

TABLE (C.) Permanent Duty. Temporary or War Duty.

Goods, continued. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, condemned as Prize or as Droits of Admiralty, having hten warehoused according to Law, may be exported from thence without Payment of any further Duty imposed by the Act to which thisTable is annexed. See 43 Geo 3. cap. 134. £ s. d. £ s- 4-

TABLE (D.)

TONNAGE DUTY on Ships and Vessels entering Inwards or Outwards (except in Ballad) in any Port in Great Britain, from or to Foreign Parts.

TONNAGE DUTY. Permanent Duty. Temporary or War Duty.

On Ships and Vessels entering Inwards or Outwards, (except in Ballad) in any Port of Great Britain from or to Foreign Parts, For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering .Inwards or Outwards (except in Ballad, ) from or to the I Hands of Guernsey. Jersey, Sark, or Alderney, the Greenland Seas, or the Southern Whale Fishery - £ s, d, 00 6 £ t. d. 0 06

J*\>r every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering Inwards or Outwards (except in Ballast) from or to any Port or Place within the Streights of Gibraltar 0 1 0 010

For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering Inwards or Outwards (except in Ballad) from or to any Port or Place in Russia, or within the Baltic Sea 010 010

For every Ton Burthen of every ."hip or Vessel entering Inwards or Outwards (except in hallalt from or to any Port or Place in Europe, except the Isle of Man 0 i 0 0 M 0

For every Ton burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering Inwards or Outwards (except in Ballad' from or to any Port or Place within the Limi s of the Charters granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies 030 030

For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering Inwards or Outwards, (except in Ballaftj, from or to the Cape cf Good Hope 026 0 3 6

For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering Inwards or Outwards (except in Ballad) from or to any Port or Place in Africa, not otherwise enumerated or defirihed - - 010 010

For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering Inwards or Outwards (except in Ballad) from or to the Island of Newfoundland, the Islands of Cape Breton, St. John, or Prince Edward's Island, or the Coast of Labrador - - 006 00 6

For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering Inwards or Outwards (except in Ballad) from ortoaay Port or Place in the United States of America, any British Island, Colony, or Plantation in America, or any other Part of America, not otherwise enumerated or described -1 0 0 1 0

A.D. 1809« 49° GEORGII III. C. 9g.

CAP. XCIX.

An Act to amend the several Acts for the regulating and securing the Col!e£tton of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland \ and for the regulating the Sale of such Liquors by Retail.

[15th June 1809.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make further Regulations for the securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirits dirt filed in Ireland; Be it therefore tna&ed, by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That after the First Day of January, One thousand eiflrht hundred and ten, whenever under or by virtue of an Act made in the Forty.seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to amend an del made in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty for the regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland, or any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, for amending the same, the Court at any Affixes or Presenting Term shall be required to fine any Parish, Townland, Manor, or Lordship, on account of any unlicensed Still, or Part of a Still, or Appendage to a Still, or any Worm or other Ulenfil for diddling Spirits, or any Walh, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, having been found or used in any Place within any Pdrish, Townland, Manor, or Lordship. which has been or shall have been fined at the preceding Affixes or Printing Term on any of the said Accounts, such Court shall fine such Parish, Townland, Manor, or Lordfh'p, in the Sum of One hundred Pounds in lien of the Sum of Fifty Pounds, in the said recited Act of the Forty-seventh Year mentioned; and such Fine of One hundred Pounds shall be levied and recovered in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means as by the said recited Act of the Forty-seventh Year, or by any other Act or Acts in Force in Ireland is directed, with respect to any Fine of Fifty Pounds to be levied on any Parish, Townland, Manor or Lordship, under the said Acts or any of them: Provided always, that in cases where under and by virtue of an Act made in the Forty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to amend the several Acts for the regulating and securing the Colic dion of the Duty on Spirits distilled in Ireland, such Court is required to line such Parish, Townland, Manor or Lordship, in the Sum of Twenty-five Pounds only, in confluence of the Offender having been tried and convicted of a Misdemeanor by the Evidence of an Inhabitant of such Parish, Townland, Manor or Lordship, (not being an Officer of Customs or Excise, ) such Court shall fine such Townland, Parish, Manor or Lordship, in the Sum of Twenty-five Pounds only, in such Case.

II. 4 And whereas by the said recited Act, made in the Forty-eighth Year aforesaid, it is enacted, That whenever any Offender shall be tried and convicted of a Misdemeanor in having made use of any Still, Still-head or Worm for distilling, or in having made or distilled any Low Wines, Singlings or Spirits, or in having brewed, made, or fermented any Worts, Wash, or Pot Ale, wherewith and with the Intent to distil Low

Wines, Singlingsor Spirits, without having a Licence in force pursuant to Law for distilling, by the Evidence of any Inhabitant (not being an Officer of Excise) of the Parish, Townland, Manor or Lordship in which the Place shall be situate, where such Offence was committed, upon an Information given by such Inhabitant before any other Information for the said Offence shall have been given to a Magistrate, the Court before whom such Conviction shall be had at any Assizes or Presenting Term shall fine such Parish, Townland, Manor or Lordship, on account of such Offence, in the Sum of Twenty-five Pounds only, such Fine to be recovered and levied in Manner as in the said recited Act of the Forty-eighth Year is mentioned and diseded, and that no Part of such Fine, or Sum of Twenty-five Pounds, shall be applied to the Society for discountenancing Vice and promoting Virtue in the City of Dublin, nor to the Treasurer of any Publ'c Infirmary or Hospital of any

County, Town, or City, but the whole of such Fine or Sum of Twenty-five Pounds shall be applied and paid by the Treasurer of the County, County of a Town or City, to such Inhabitant who shall have so given the first Information, and by whose Evidence such Conviction shall have been had; or to the Just ice of the Peace before whom such Information shall have been made, to be by him applied in rewarding such Informer, or otherwise promoting the Suppression of Private Stills within his Jurisdiction, according to the Direction of the Court; Be it enacted, That in case such Inhabitant shall state in such Information that he 13 willing to give up all Right which he could claim in such Fine, if iuiposed, it shall not be lawful for such Court, in such Case, to fine any such Parift), Townland, Manor or Lordship on account of such Offence in the said Sum of Twenty-five Pounds, or in any other Snm whatever, any Thing in the said recited Act or in any other Act or Acts m force in Ireland to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Fine exceeding the Sum of Twenty-five Pounds, after deduding thereout the Costs of recovering the fame, if such Costs shall not be paid by the Direction of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, under and by virtue of the said recited Act of the Forty-seventh Year aforesaid; but where such* Costs shall be so paid, then the whole of such Fine, without any Deduction, shall be applied in Manner following; (that is to say, ) one Moiety thereof, or of so much thereof as shall remain after deduding the Costs in the Case aforesaid) shall be paid by the Treasurer of the County, County of a Town or City, to the Officer of Excise, or to the Informer or Justice of the Peace, to whom One Moiety of the Fine of Fifty Pounds is given by the said recited Act of the Forty-seventh Year aforesaid, in Manner as is direct.*d in and by the said recited Act; and the other Moiety of all and every such Fine or Fines (or of so much thereof respectively, as may remain after deduding the Costs in the Case aforesaid) shall be paid by every such Treasurer on the Certificate herein after mentioned, to the Person or Persons who shall set up and work any licensed Still of Itfs than One thousand Gallons Content within any Pfirish, Townland, Manor or Lordship in which any such Fine shall have bem levied: Provided always, that the Claim of every such Person shall be determined on and certified by the Justices of Peace at any Quarter Sessions, whether held by Adjournment or otherwise, within the County, County of a City or Town wherein such Parish, Townland, Manor or Lordship shall be situated; and in case more Persona than One shall claim such Moiety of any such Fine or Fines, such Court of

49 Geo. III. 5 X Quarter

881

Fines on Towulauds lor unlicensed Stills (under 47 G. 3. ft. 2. c. 17. k

increased to tool, on a second Offence; except where the Offender has been convi<fled by an Inhabitant; where the Fine shall be Jil. only; under 48 G. 3. c. 81. §15.

Where an Inhabitant cniitled to Fine of ail. under 49 G. 3. c. 81. shall give up his Right, the Court shall not impose such Fine.

Distributlon of Penalties, exceeding 2il.

One Moiety to Informer, as under 47 G. J. ft. -2. c. 17. § IV.

The other Moiety of Fine* on l'aiifltei may be paid to IVrious fi tting up lieenhu Still* therein; on ( criificatu of Seliioks.-

for on Failure of such Certificate, one quarter

to the Collecctor of Exciftr, atxl the other to

CimUics.

F« tnhv i.n ( nCul.on iu < lur/ing I'.irith s; idl Fuji's, 5ol.

Jf by an Officer, Incapacity, &. c.

Inforrrier ftwll declare if he knows the Partus piilty, and shall be bound over to jiroi'e* ute them for a Mil demeanor.

Treasurrrs shall areoant at A; li/<* for Kre<'i))t and Appheation of all Pines impof«! for ilk £1 bulb#

C. 99. 49° GEORGII III. A.D. 1809.

Quarter Sessiont shall and may prefer the Claim of the Person who shall have set of the Still of the ltrgcfk Content, or shall and may divide such Moiety of such Fine or Finea, among all the Claimant* cntkUd, in Shares to each in proportion to the Contents of their respective Stills; or shall and may adjudge the whole of such Moiety of any Fine or Fines to the Person who shall have first set up and worked a Licensed Still in every such Parish, Townland, Manor or Lordship, according as such Court shall in their Discretion think most conducive to the Encouragement of licensed, and the Discouragement of claodestine Distillation; and it shall be lawful for such Court of Quarter SefGons to take such Security as in the Judgment of such Court shall stem proDer, that every Person who shall receive any such Fine or Fines, or any Portion thereof, shall continue to work his Still during any such Period, not lets than Four Months in the Year, as such Court shall thirk reasonable, and which such Court shall direct accordingly; and if no such Certificate shall be made by such JuHiccs at any Quarter S-fli >ns within Six Months after the Time when any such Fine or Fines shall have been levied, then and in such Case One Fourth Part of such Fine, (or of so much thereof as may remain after deducing the Costs in the Case aforesa; d, ) shall be paid by every such Treasurer for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, into the Hands of the Colicdlor of Excise for the Distrifrin which the P*ri(h, Town-land, Manor or Lordship, off which such Fine shall be levied shall be situate; and the remaining Fourth Part of such Fine, (or of so much thereof as may remain, after deducing the Cods in the Csfe aforesaid, ) shall be paid byev-ry such Treasurer, if in the County of Dublin^ or County of the City of Dublin, to the Society for difeoun* ttrumc'ng Viifeand promoting Virtue in the said City, for the Use of the said Society, a-d if in any other County, or County of a Town or City, to the Treasurer of the Public Infirmary or Hospiul of such C mutv, Town, or C ty, for the Use of the said Infirmary or Elospital; or for or towards creeling at d maintaining One or more Ward or Wards for Idiots, or Lunation, or towards creating and supporring Dffpcnfarirs for furnishing Mrdi* eine. % and giving Medical Aid and Relief to the Poor, in such Places within the County 38 the Grand Jury shall have preferred Money for the Eitabiiftiment of JDdpenfarits therein, as the Governors of such Inarmary or Hofpral shall think fir.

Fines ?1 ready imposed, but not levied before Summer Affixes 1809, shall be applied as under this A dt, $4.

V. And be it further en'&ed. That if ary Person or Persons shall be guilty of any CoEufion in leaving or bringing in or into any Parish, Townland, Manor or Lordship, any unficenfcJ Still, or other Uterfil for distilling of Spirit-, whereby such Parish, Townland, Manor or Lordflvp, shall become liable to the Payment of any Fine, every Person so offending shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pound u to be paid to the Person filing for the fame; and in case such Person shall be an Inhabitant of such Parish, Townland, Manor or Lordship, the Money so recovered shall fie by him applied in Repayment to and amonr himself and the other Landh dders and Inhabitants of such Parish, Townland, Manor or Lordship, in the Snares and Proportions pa: d by them respectivoy, on account of such Fine, in such Manner as the Judge or Court before whem such Penalty shall be recovered shall order and direct: Provided alwnva, that no such Penalty shall be recovered by more than One Person, on account of One and the fame Offence; and that if more Persons than One shall proceed for such Penalty, the same shall be recovered by the Person who shall have first commenced his A dim for the fame; and in case the Party convicted of any such collusive Practices shall be an Officer apoodueJ by or acting under the CommiflJonen of Inland Excise and Taxes, or the CornmTioners of Customs or Port Duties, such Person shall, upon Conviction of such Offence, over and above the Payment of such penal Sum of Fifty Pounds, be, and he is hereby declared and rendered incapable of holding any Office or Emp'oyment what so.-ter. Civil or Military, under ITis Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or any Authority derived under His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors.

VI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Person shall give any Information of any Offence which by Law is declared to be a Misdemesnor, and whereby any Parish, Townland, Manor or Lardfirp, shall be and become liable to any Fine, such Informer Avail at the same Time make Oath 2nd declare in such Information whether or not he knows any of the Persons concerned in the committing of any such Offence, and it he docs know such Persons he shall declare their Names in such Informations, and the Magistrates before whom such Informations shall be given, shall forthwith bind over such Informer to prosecute such Pcifor.s for a Misdeameanour according to the Laws in force in Ireland, and such Magistrate shall also issue his Warrant to apprehend such Persons, that they may be dealc with according to Law; and if such Informer shall not give Evidence against such Person when brought to Trial, be shall not be entitled to receive any Part of any such F: ne; any Thing in any Act or Acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. < And, for securing the more regular and speedy Application by the Treasurers of the several Counties

Counties of Cities and Towns in Ireland, of all Fines imposed at the several Affixes or P cfimPg Terms on

Pariffitf, Townlands, Manors and Lordships, on account of auv unlicenEd S ill, or P. rt of a Still, or Anp-n- U2ge to a Stili, or any Worm or other Utensil for dillilling cf Spirits, or any Wash. Pot Ale, Low Wires

or Singlings, having been found or used in any Place within ary such Parish, Townland, Mmor or Lordflvp/ Be it enacted, That from and after the Twenty.fourth ILy of Jure* One thousand right hundred and nine. it shall not be lawful for any Cuurt or Judge at any Affixes or Pivitniing Term in any County, County of a City or Town in Ireland* to fiat any Presentment for the Sjlary of or for aper Cent'ge or Allowance payable to the Treasurer of such Ccuntv, County of a City or Town, unless such Treasurir shall at such Affzrs or Pr-fenting Term produce to such Court or Judge upon Oath, which Oath such Court or Judge : s hereby empowered and required to administer, a full, separate, ai d true Account of the Receipts and Payments by such T/cafurer on account of all such Fines as shall have been impofid on any Parish, Townland, Manor or Lnrdftvc, for the Caufts before mentioned, or any of them, at any preceding Affi/. s for such County, County of a City or Town, (or Presenting Term, if for the County of Dublin, ) and as shall not have been prcvfiufly paid and accounted for by such Treasurer; and also, uulcfs it shall appear by such Account that no Part of the Monies

received

A.D. 1809. 49 GEORGII III. C. 99. 883

received by him on account of such Fines remain* in his Hands unapplied; except in Case* where tb« Came hat Exception*, not been demanded of him or at his Office by the Perform entitled to receive the same, all which Cases shall be verified by the said Treasurer on Oath; and except in Cases where it shall appear that an Information has been lodged against the seizing Officer for fraudulent Practices, in any which Case it shall be lawful for the said Treasurer to withhold the said Sum or Sums so claimed by said Officer, until such Information shall be tried or otherwise disposed of; and in case the said seizing Officer shall be convicted thereon, such Treasurer shall pay over every such Sum and Sums to the Churchwardens of such Parish, or to some one Inhabitant of such Town-land, Manor or Lordship, to be d'ftribated to and among the Landholders and Inhabitants of such Parish,

Townland, Manor or Lordfiiip, in the Shares and Proportions paid by them respectively on account of such Fine*.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall at any Time be brought or commenced Treasurerfued against any Treasurer of any County, County of a City or County of a Town in Ireland, by any Officer of for "y bhare oT» Excise, or by any other Person or Persons, or by or on behalf of the Governors of the Public Infirmary or subjeamTreble Hospital of the County, Town or City, or by or on behalf of the Society for discountenancing Vice and pro- Coiu. moting Virtue, or by or on behalf of His Majesty, his Heirs or Succefiers, for any Share or Proportion of any such Fines imoofed for the Causes lall before mentioned, or any of them, which such Officer or Person, or Governors of such Gninty Infirmary, or Hospital or Society, or which His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, may by Law be entitled to receive or recover, or for any Costs which ought by Law to be paid by such Treasurer out of any Money in his Hands arising from any such Fine; and if the P aintiff in such Action shall obtain a Verdi6lor Judgment against fuel: Treasurer, such Plaintiff shall be entitled to his or their Treble Costs, to, be awarded against such Treasurer, and to be recovered in such M inner as Costs may by Law be recovered agair.ft any Defendant.

IX. And be it further en: .6led, Tint fnm and after the said Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Collectors shall eipht hundred and ni. e, it shall not be lawful fur any Court or Judge at any Affixes (or Printing Term, if in |\ot

the City of Dullin') to discharge any Qjiere on any Presentment for the Poundage or Wage9 of any Collector or H igo Constable act n/ as a ColhdVir for any 13 irony, Haif Birony, or County of a City or County of t^tV slave

a Town, or to allow in th- Accounts of the Treasurer any Sum of Money on account of Poundage or Wages rolii-eW all

of any such Collector or H'gh Constable, nor shall any such Colic61 #r or High Constable in his Accounts with fudi line*.

the Treasurer of the Sums levied by him, detain, keip, or claim Credit for, to his own Use, any Sum by way

of Poundage or Wages for any Money he shall have collected since the preceding Assizes or Presenting Term,

unlef9 such Colk6l)r or High Constable shall, before the Commission Day of such Assizes, or the First Day of such Presenting Term, have cohered and paid to such Treasurer the full Amount of all such Fines iTposed

-on any Parffi, Townland, Manor or Lordfiiip, uoder the said recited A6I3 of the Forty seventh and Furty-

eighth Years aforesaid, or under this Act, as such Collector shall have been authorized or required to collet, by the Warrant of any such Treasurer, to be lffaed after the passing of this Act, at any Time after the Assizes or

Presenting Term then next preceding.

X. And be it further enacted, Tint whenever any Justice of the Peace shall take or receive any Information Proof of filing

foi any Offence relating to any unlicensed Still, or Part of a Still, or Appendage to a Still, or any Worm or j°n

Utmlil for distilling Spirits, or any Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines, or Singlings, under the Directions and Provisions of the said recited Act made in the Forty-seventh Y -arof Ills present M?i liy's R< ign, intituled, An Act [ w 17/7.3.

to amend an Act made in the Fortyfixth Year of His present Majesty % for the re; uln:; n<r and securing the Colic dim of jL-i 1; . § i - J the Duties on Spirits dislillal in Inland; or under the Directions or Provisions of any A: t or Acts for amending the said recited Act in Force in Ireland at the Time of such Information, or finll fig a any Notice of such Information to be ftrved upon the Inhabitants of any Parish, Townland, Manor or Lordfiiip, pursuant to the Directions of an) such Act or Acts, Proof of the Hand-writing of such Justice to such Information or Notice n-fpidively, by the Oath of any One credible Witness, shall be deemed sufficient Evidence that such Information was taken and so signed by such Justice, or that such Notice was so ligned by such Justice rtfpcdivdy as aforesaid.

XI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expiration of Thirty Diys ?fter the pa fling of tins Penalty on Ad. if any Person whatsoever shall insure or tak', or agree to take, or receive any Sum of Money, or Security for P<'H ^|S|!, 'i", u

M n.-y or Deposit for the Insurance of, or be in any Way concerned in any Partnership, Fclirwship, C ub,

Oili-e or Society for the Insurance or Indemnity of any Partfii, TowoJand, Minor or Lordfh p, or of any Person or Persons, against or from the paying of any Money for or towards the discharging of any Fine which may be .iniposed on any Parish, Townland, Manor or Lordfiiip, or on any of the Inhabitants th r-nf, on account of any nnliccnffd Still, or P^rt of a Still or Appendage to a Still, or any Worm or other Utenfi1 for d-ftilling of Spirts, or any Waffi, Pot Ale, Low Wines, or Singlings, having been found or used in any Place within such Parish, Townland, Manor or Lordship; or if any Person or Persons shall give or pay. or cause to be giv/*n or paid, to any other Person or Persons any Money, or any Security, Obligation or Undertak; ng, to pay any Money, or make any Deposit with such Person or Persons, as an Indemnity or Security against, or to be ap. p ied in tli- Payment and S uhfa^ion of any such Fine, or in any Way to indemnify such P<: riffi, Townland,

Minoror Lordfiiip, or the Inhabitants thereof, or any of them, against the Payment of any such Fine or any Part thereof; then and in every such Case every Person concerned or engaged in any such Insurance or other Trat; faction aforesaid, as well the l\rfon who shall so insure, or who shall pay a Deposit, as the Person who shall accept, take or receive any such Sum of Money, or any nich Security, Obligation, Undertaking, or Indemnity as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be guilty of a Misdemeanor; ar d it shall be lawful for any J iff ice o( the Peace, residing near to the Place where such Offence (halt be committed, on Information on Chth .of any such Offence, to issue his Warrant for the Apprehension of such Person, and, on Examination into the Complaint, to commit such Pci foil to Gaol, there to remain until delivered by due Co uric of Law; and in case any Indi&meQt shall be found against such Person, such Person shall plead thereto without having Time to tra-

5X2 verse

Parishrx in Vr flry m<iY appoint IVrfoni to di (cover and po iff cute for Offences in illegal Pistil-

Jation, &x.

Oath of Pnrfona b appointed.

Parishct may raise Twenty Pounds a Year for such lufpc&ora, &c.

Grocers licensed to retail Spirits tinder 47 G. 3.

ft. 2. c. 12.

§ 14. may fell in Quantities from Two Quarts to Fifty Gallons.

(See 49 <?. 3. t. 73. §2, 3.] Penalty on Pra/iers Jiaving Stills under Fifty Gallons in their Pofltdfion (except for Re&ifiers, &c.) or neglecting to make Returns of Stills made or repaired, fkc. and on all nlieenfed ferfona having in PofiVITton any .Still, Still head, or Worm; Mifdciueanor.

Penalty on Retailers having or selling spirits, mot having paid Duty, ICol. ami Forfeiture of Licence.

Powers to Clerk of I'cace under 4 5 G. 3. c. 50.

§ B. to licensc Retailers, ou C'et iificate of Two M.-UUatCf, irpcaled.

C. 99. 49# GEORGII III. A.D. 1809.

vsrfe the fame ? and it shall be lawful for the Court, by and before whom focli Person shall be tried and coiw wfted. to iofhft such Punishment on tuch Person as may by Law be inflicted on Persons guilty of Mifderacanori.

XII.*And where it may tend to the Suppression of illicit Distdlation if Pesriflus were allowed to appoint r certain Persons for the Purpose of discovering and preventing such Practices / Be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Churchwardens of any P*ri(h, at the Desire of any Two Inhabitants of such Parish, to convene a Vcllry for the Purpose of electing One or more Person or Persons for the Purpose of discovering and prosecuting all Offences against any Act or Acts in force in Inland, for the regulation and securing the Collection of the Duty on Spirits in Ireland, of which Ten Days Notice shall be given.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons fi> chosen, and who shall consent to act, shall take the following Oath before any One Magistrate or Justiceef Peace, which Oath such Magistrate or Justice of Peace is hereby empowered to adminider:

I A.B. do swear, That so long as I shall held the Office to which I have been efifted for the Parifit

of I will use my utmost Endeavours to prevent and suppress all illicit Distillation of

' Spirits within the said Parish, and to prosecute and convict any Person or Persons concerned in such Practices.

So help me GOD.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Parishioners of such P^wlh in Vestry so assembled, to atTcfs such Parish to the Amount of any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds in anyone Year, to be applied in the indemnifying of such Inspectors for their Trouble and Expence, and a so for the Purpose of carrying into Execution this present Act and all othet Acts for the Prevention and Suppression of illicit Distillation in Ireland.

XV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and nine, whenever any Grocer, or Person exercising the Trade and Business of a Grocer, or who shall be licensed as a Grocer, shall also be licensed to sell Spirituous or other Liquors by Retail, according to the Provisions of an Act made in the Forty seventh Yrar of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to make further Regulations with respect to Licences f*r the Sale of Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail in Ireland j it shall and may be lawful for such Grocer, or such Person as aforesaid, without having or obtaining any other Licence for the Purpose, to sell Spirituous Liquors in any Quantities not less than Two Quarts and not exceeding Fifty Gallons 5 any Thing in any Act or Acts in force in Ireland to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Brazier, Tinman, or Worker of Tin, or other Person dealing in Brass. Copper, Tin or other Metal, shall at any Time after the Expiration of Ten Days after the Day of the passing of this Act, make or repair, or have in his or her Possession in Ireland\ any Still whatever not made of Copper, or shall moke or repair, or have in his Possession any Still, the Content of the Body whereof, without the Head or any other Appendage thereto, shall be less than Fifty Gallons (other than and except Stills of the Dimensions allowed by Law to be used by Reftifiers or Compounders, or at Apothecaries* Hall in Dublin, or by some Chemill, Apothecary, Druggiff, or Person duly licensed, for the making or keeping of which bit* mentioned Stills, such Brazier or other Person aforesaid shall have obtained a Licence according to Law; ) or if any Brazier or Person working in Copper, Brass, or Tin, shall after the said Time wilfully omit, neglect, or refuse to make a true Return, verified by Affidavit, to the Collector of the District in which such Brazier or other Person aforesaid shall reside, of the Name and Place of Abode of every Person for whom such Brazier or other Person as aforesaid shall make or repair any Still, Still Head, or Worm, or to whom such Brazier shall fell or deliver any Still, Sti'l Head, or Worm, before such Brazier shall suffer the same to be taken or delivered out of his House, Shop or Place of Work; or if any Person whatsoever, not being a licensed Brazier, or Person duly licensed or allowed to have and keep a Still according to Law, shall have in his or her Posstflion any Still, Still Head, or Worm, every Person in any of the Cases aforesaid, offending as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be guilty of a Misdemeanor, and it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace refilling near to the Place where Inch Offence shall be committed, on Information on Oath of any such Offence, to ilfje his Warrant for the Apprehension of such Person, and on Examination into the Complaint to commit tuch Person to Gaol, there t > remain until delivered by due Course of Law j and in case any Ind'ftment shall be found against such Person, he or she shall plead thereto without having Time to traverse ttie fame; and it shall he lawful for the Court by and before whom such Person dull be tried and convicted to infi ft such Punishmenl on such Person for such Offence as may by Law be inflicted on Persons guilty of Misdemeanor*.

XVII. And be it further tnafttd, That if any Person who shall be licensed to sell Spirituous and other L^qunrs by Retail in Ireland, shall at any Time or Tunes after the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, knowingly receive into or have in his or her Cutlody or Possession, or shall knowingly sell or dispose of any Spirits dfiLlled in Ireland, on which all Duties ffnll not have been fully paid and satisfitd j or any Spirits whtch shall have been made or difiilltd by any Person, or in any Place not duly licensed according to Law for that Purpose; every such Retailer so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit the Su*n of One hundred Pounds, and the Licence previously granted to such Retailer shall be and become ipfofacto, void; and every such Retailer who, after such Licence shall become void, shall retail any Spirituous Liquors, or o!her Liquors, shall be liable to all such Pains and Penalties as by any Act or Act9 in force in Ireland are iufltfted on Persons fi lling Spirituous or other Liquors by Retail, without being duly licensed for that Purpose.

XVIII. ' And whereas by an Act made in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled*

An Act for regulating Licences for the Sale of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, and Cyder, by Retail, and fir

discouraging the immoderate Ufc of Spirituous Liquors in Ireland, it is among other Things enacted, That, iu 4 case at any Special or General Sessions no Order shall be given for issuing Licences in Manner prescribed in the bid recited Act« or in g^fc uo Order Hull be given thereat for issuing Licences in any particular Barony or

Half

A.D. 1809. 49 GEORGII III. C. 99. 885

Half Barony, it shall be lawful for the Clerk of the Peace to issue a Licence to any Person or Persons whom

1 any Two Magistrates of the County, redding within Five Miles of the Habitation of such Person, shall certify to be a proper Person for being entrusted with the Sale of Spirituous and other Liquors at such Place as 1 shall be mentioned io such Certificate; Be it enacted, That so much of the said last recited Act as is herein-before rehear fed and set forth, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be and the fame is hereby repealed.

XtX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall apply for a Licence to sell Spirituous and other Party applying Liquors by Retail, under the Provisions of the said last recited Act of the Forty*fifth Year, or any Act for for Licence to amending the same, at any Special or General Sessions which shall be held at any Place more than Seven Miles Sessions, more distant from the Place of Abode of the Person so applying for such Licence, such Person shall not be entitled to receive, nor shall receive any such Licence, nor shall any such Licence be granted to such Person unless such Person, shall at such Special or General St (lions produce and deliver to the Court a Certificate under the Hands of

and Seals of Two Magistrates, both residing within Seven Miles of such Person so applying, or retiding nearest Two neighbour* to the Place of Abode of such Person, (fating that such Person is in the Opinion of the said Magistra^es, a fit ing Magillsat*f«. and proper Person to be intruded with the Sale of Spirituous Liquor?, Wine, Beer, Ale, and Cyder, at such Place as shall be mentioned in such Certificate; and that such Place is a proper Place for the Sale of such Spirituous and other Liquors; and if such Licence shall be granted or refused to be granted at such Special or General Sessions, on such Application as aforesaid, such Licence or Refusal shall be subject to all such Regulations, and to such Benefit of Appeal, and to such other Restrictions and Provisions as are contained with respect to Licences in the said recited Act of the Forty-fifth Year aforesaid, or in any Act or Acts for amending the same. g., jrits nor

XX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Spiv its made or distilled in Ireland\ and on which all Duties having paid payable by Law shall not have been fully paid and satisfied, shall at any Time after the passing of this Act be Duty, found on found on board any Boat or other Vessel, being in any Port, Harbour, Haven, Creek, River, Canal, or Dock Wnl Boat*, in Ireland or within eight Leagues of the Shores of Ireland\ all such Spirits, and the Boat or Vessel in which the same shall be found, with all her Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by iorfVitTud any Officer or Officers of Customs or Excise; and every Person who dial) be found on board, or discovered to Uic Parties have been on board such Boat or other Vessel (other than and except such Person only who shall have paid for, apprehended, or bondJide agreed te pay forhis Passage.and who shall no Wgy be concerned in the Property of the Boat or of and pumlhabla the Spirits) shall be deemed and taken to be guilty of a Misdemexoor; and it shall be lawful for any such Officer for a M*fde-or Officers, or any Person or Persons acting in his or their Aid, to flop, arrest, and detain all and every Person meanw* and Peri jns whatever, so found on board or discovered to have been on board such Boat or other Vessel, and

to convey all and every such Person and Persons before any Justice of the Peace in Ireland residing near the Place where any such Person shall be so taken and arrested; and it shall be lawful for such Justice of the Peace, and he is hereby required, upon Proof on Oath by One or more credible Witness or Witnessts that such Person was so found, or taken, or discovered as aforesaid, (unless such Person shall prove to the Satisfaction of such Justice that he had paid for, or bond Jide agreed to pay for his Passage on board such Boat, or Vessel, and that he was no way concerned in the Property of such Boat or Vessel, or of the Spirits therein) to h< Id such Person to bail with two sufficent Sureties for the Appearance of such such Person to answer to any Ind'ft-ment or Information that may be brought against him in that Behalf; and in case any Person so liable to be held to bail shall rrnke Default in finding such sufficient Bail as aforesaid, or until such Bail shall be found, it shall be lawful for such Justice to commit such Person to the Gaol of the County, Town, or Flacc in which such Person shall be arrtfted, to answer as aforesaid.

XXI. And be it further em&ed, That from and after the Expiration of Thirty Days after the Day of the passing of this Act, if any Perfms shall be found passing in Company together in any Part of Ireland, knowingly and willingly having in their Custody any Spirituous Liquors distilled in Ireland, on which all Duties payable by Law flnll not have been duly paid, or any unlicensed Still, Still Head, Worm, or Appendage to such Still, every such Pctfon, if there shall not be Five in the Whole, shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall fuller such Pur: i(hment as in other Cases of Misdemeanor is herein-before mentioned; or if there shall be Five or more, or if any Person or Persons shall carry any of Lnfive Arms or Weapons, or wear any Vizard, Mask, or other Difgu'fe, when piffing with any such Spirituous Liquors, or unucensed Still, Still Head, Worm, or Appendage to such Still in their C'.re, Custody, or Possession, and shall carry such Spirits in any Calk or Casks,

or Jar or Jars, on the Side or S.Jes of any Horse, or if any Two or more Persons shall be found affimbied together armed with F: re Arm3 or other offensive Arms or Weapons, in ordtr to be aiding and affiftirg, or being aiding and affi ling in illegally removing or carrying, or conveying any such Spirituous Liquors, unlicensed Still, Still Head, Worm, or Appendage to such Still, or in refeuing any Person who (hdi be apprehended for, or in the preventing the ApprehenGon of any Person who shall be guilty of the said Offences or any of them, every Person being legally convicted of such Offence, shall be deemed, taken, and adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and shall for such Offence be transported for the Term of Seven Years.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the passing of this Act, no Still, Pot, Pan, or Copper or Boiler, exceeding Fifty Gallons Content, or any Copper Metal or other Metal ready cut, prepared or fitted, so as to be put together for the raakiRg of any Still, Pot, Pan, Copper or Boiler, or for the making of any Utensil used or intended to be used, or fit or proper to be used, or which may be used or applied in the Proctfs of dialling Spirits, shall be imported into any Port or Place in Ireland, except at some Port into which Tobacco is by* Law allowed to be imported 5 and that every Still, Pot, Pan, Copper or Boiler, exceeding Fifty Gallons Content, and all Copper Metal and other Metal so cut, prepared or fitted as aforesaid, which from and after the Expiration of the said Ten Days shall be imported into any such Tobacco Port in Ireland shall there be entered as a Still, Pot, Pan, Copper or Boiler, or as being Copper or fthtr Metal (speccifying the Metal) cut, prepared, or fitted to be so put together; and that it shall not be lawful

Penalty on Pci Ions removing Spirits by Land, not having paid Duly, it not more tiian Five in Company, Misdemeanor; if more than Five, or with Force, ike. Felony.

Still* exceeding

Fifty Gallons, or Metal prepared for Stills, shall be imported into Ireland only at Tobacco Ports; and entered as Stills, &C- and shall not be removed from thence Without Permit*.

Four Commissioners of Excise empowered to litrnfc Sr ill* under 'iOO Gul-lons anti not h'h than 50 Gallons ( ontcnt.

uch fm.ill Stills fl.all not We li enf'vi nitliin Five Miles of h Siilfnf 5oO Gallons Content or upwards: and uink r Regulation* in 4f» G 3. c. »h. 47. G. 3.11. 1.

c. 17.

If ft Licence is granted lor a

knur Still will.in For Milts ol a luidll Still liter U«1 unclt r Act, tire finull one may be conliuuul.

No r« i foti f! all he lift-tiled to ulV both a irrrat ami final) Stdh

Mouilih Charges on SiiU> 111 lieu ol all luiiitr

C. 99. 49° GEORGII III. A.D. 1809.

lawful for any Person or Persons to take or remove any such S iH, Pot, Pan, Copper or Boiler, or mv ftichCop. per Metal or other Mrtai f»entered from the Cuilom Ho life of the Port at which the same shall be so imported, without a Permit for the Removal of the fame from the proper Officer of the Excise, which Permit such Officer shall grant without Fee or Reward; and such Permit shall contain in the B >dy thereof the Name of the Person importing such Still, Pot, Pan, Copper, or Boiler, or such Copper Mrtal or other Metal, and the Name and Place of Abode of the Person or Persons to whom, and the Place to which such Still. Pot, Pan, Copper or Boiler, or such Copper Metal or other Metal is intended to be sent, and also the Content in Gallon# of such Still, Pot, Pan, Cupper or Boiler or intended Still, Pot, Pan, Copper or Boiler, and of the Head thereof or other Appendage refmdbvely, if there shall be any Head or other Appendage thereto; and the Person to whom any such Still, Pot, Pan, Copper or Boiler, or any such Copper Metal or other Metal shall be conveyed {halt, within Forty-eight Hours after the Arrival of the fame, deliver up the Permit under which the same shall have been conveyed, to the proper Excise Officer of the Waik in whi; h such Person shall reside, and such Officer shall thereuDon grant a Certificate to such Person in lieu of such Permit; .2nd iu case any such Copper Metal or other Metal Hull be fitted together, and set up or fixed so as to form a Still, Pet, Pan, Copper or Boiler, or so as to form any Utensil fit or proper to be ultd, or which can or shall be used as a Still, Pot, Pan, Copper, or B filer, the Person on whose Premises the same shall be so fitted t<'gttlur. set up, or fix d, shall within Forty-eight Hours give Notice thereof to the Collector of Excise of the Dillrid in which such Person shall rtfide; and if any such Still, Pot, Pan, Copper, or Boiler, or any Copper Metal or other Mttal so cut. prepared or fitted as aforesaid, shall be imported into any other Port or Flace in Ireland, exerpt at fume Tobacco Port ?.$ aforesaid; or if any such Still, Pot, Pan. Copper or Boiler, or any such Copper Metal or other Metal so cut, prepared or fitted as aforesaid, shah be found conveying or convey d, and for the Conveyance of which such Permit shall not be produced, or shall be found in the Custody or Possession, Workhouse or Warehouse of any Brazier or Worker in Brass, Copper, Tin, or Metal of any Kind, or of any Hawker, Pcd ar, or Petty Chapman, or of any Dilliiler, or of any other Person or Persons whatsoever without such Permit or a Certificate thereof, or without such Notice having been given as aforesaid; then and in every such Case such Still, Pot, Pan, Copper or Boiler, or such Copper Metal, or o'her Metal focut, prepared or fitted as aforesaid, shall be forfeited, and may be Fized by any Officer of Excite; and any Licence before such Time granted to any Person in whole Custody or Possession such Still, Pot, Pan, Copper or Boiler, or such Copper Meta) or other Metal as afore-fdid shall be found, shall be and become null and void.

XXIII. 4 And whereas it may be expedient for the better Collt&ion of the Revenue, and the S ipprtfiion of clandestine dividing, to allow in certain Parts of Inland particularly where illicit Difiilfation has prevailed,

the Use of Stills of a less Size than Two hundred Gallons Content in Manner and under the Rrftrittions herein contained f Be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful for the Commffiontrs of Inland Excise and Taxes in Inland, or any Four of them, to grant any Licence to any Person or Persons in Ireland to keep and use, from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and nine, aoy Still or Stills, the Body whereof, without the Head or any other Appendage thereto, shall be capable of containing less than Two hundred Gallons, and not less than Fifty Gallons Content, in such Place or Places in Ireland as such Commifioners, or any Four of them shall think proper, any Thing in any Act or A£U in force iu Ireland to the contrary notwithstanding; futjc&, nevertheless, to such Reiiri&ions and Provisions as are herein after mentioned and contained.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enr&ed. That no Person or Persons shall be licens^d by the said Commissioners to keep or use any such Still or Stills, of a Content less than Two hundred Gallons in any Place or Part of Inland within Five Miles of any DiliiUery House or Place wherein any Still or Stills of Five hundred Gallons Content or upwards shall at the Time be licensed to be kept or used, any Thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and that all Licences to any Person or Persons to keep or use any such Still or Stills of a Content less than Two hundred Gallons, shall be ligned by Four of the said Comm Abners of Inland Excise and Taxes, and shall be granted in such Manner, and under such Rubs, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures as are provided and enz&ed by two Acts, one made in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to provide for the regulating andfe curing the Coiuc» tion of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland, and the vcarehoufng of such Spirits for Exportation, and the other made in the Forty-seventh Year of Hs said Majesty's Reign, to amend the said recited Act of the Forty sixth Year with respect to Sti.Js allowed to be lictnkd under the said recited Acts or either of them.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if the said Commissioners shall grant a Licence to any Person or Persons, or keep or use a Still or Stills of Five hundred Gallons Content or upwards io any P ace within Five Miles of a Dill tilery whtre one or more Still or Stills of less than Five hundred Gallons Content shall he hernfed to be kept or uftd under this Act, or any Act or Act3 in force in Ireland, such Still or Still# of Lis than Five hundred Gallons Content may be continued to be kept and used at the fame House in such ifiace* and the Licence for so doing may be renewed for One Year from the Twenty-ninth Day of Siptemhrr next following the Period at which such Still of Two hundred Gallons Content or upwards shall be actually let at work, and from Year to Year after at the fame House in such Place, to the Person or Persons licensed to keep such Still of less than Five hundred Gallons Content, or the FIcirs, Executors, or Administrators of such Person or Persons; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be licensed to keep or use a Still of Five hundred Gallons Content or upwards, and a Still of a less S'ze than Five hundred Gallons Content, at one and the same Time; nor to ke -p or use Two Stills, either of which shall be of a less Size than Five hundred Galops at one and the same Time.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in lieu of the Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Waits set foith in the said Act made in the Forty-sixth Year of H'.s present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act 10

provide

A.D. 180§. 49° GEORGII III. C. 99, 887

provide for the regulating and securing the Collcflion of the Duties on Spirits difilled in Ireland, and the ware- Charge*n<fer

hoofing of such Spirits for Exportation, and in the said herein before recited Act of the Forty seventh Year 46 G. a. <*. as.

aforesaid, for the Quantity of Spirits produceable where from any Distiller is chargeable with Duty in respect $ 49: ancJ

of every Still used by such Distiller, every Distiller shall, from and after the Twenty ninth Day of September c. 17 °§ o*2#

One thousand eight hundred and nine, for every Four Weeks or Twenty-eight Days which any such Stul shall \sce Table'

continue or shall be presumed to continue working under the said recited Acts, or any other Act or Acts in force un wed to this

in Ireland, be charged with and shall pay Duty for such respective Quantities of Spirits as might be produced,

according to the Rates specified in the said Acts from the several Number of Charges of Singlings or Low

Wines severally set forth in the Table to this Act annexed, for and in respect of each and every Still, being

of the several Contents in the said Table specified and contained: And that every Distiller shall, over and

above such several QuantitL-s respectively be charged with and pay Duty in respect of each and every Still dr

Stills for as much more Spirits as might be produced, according to the Rates in the said Acts mentioned,

from all Pot Ale, Wash, Low Wines or Singlings, which such Distiller shall actually distil within every

Perod of four Weeks or Tywcnty-eight Days, over and above such several Quantities respectively.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of Septnnber % One 46 G. 3. e. s*.

thousand eight hundred and nine, so much of the said Act made in the Forty-sixth Year of His present $ 47: f0 ^araa

Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to provide for the regulating and securing the CollcBinn of the Duties on TOr*\onin"'ihe Spirits dislUled in Ireland, and the vuarcboufing of such Spirits for Exportation, as ena&s that the Officer of Excise $inuliit-Ao die keeping an Account of Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings in any Distillery shall charge the Distiller Quantity of upon any Decrease of Wash or Pot Ale for a Quantity of Singlings calculated after the Rate of One Gallon repealed,

of Singlings, for every Four Gallons of Wash or Pot Ale lo decreased, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed: Provided always, that every such Officer shall charge such Distiller for a Quantity of Spirits after charge of the Rate of Two Gallons of Spirits for every Five Gallons of Singling3 which shall be actually produced by Spirits in

such Distiller firom any Wash or Pot Ale brewed from Corn malted or unmalted, and upon any Decrease pro|xmiou 10

of any such Low Wines or Singlings such Officer shall charge such Dicti.ler for a Quantity of Spirits after Sulims*,

the Rate of Two Gallons of Spirits for every Five Gallons of Singlings or Low Wines so decreased.

4* Recital of 48 C. 3. c. 81. §1, repealing 46 G. 3. c. 88. $52, as to reducing Charge on Dist Hers: and «* the Provisior.s of 48 G. 3. r. 81. §5, on the fame Subjift: In cases of Accidents having happened to

" Distillers before the parting of the Act 48 G.3, or this Act, Commissioners of Excift, with Csnfent of if Treasury, empowered to order Return of Duty paid by Dillillers. §29.

XXX. ' And Whereas by the said recited Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid for regu'ating and fe-

curing the Collection of the Duties on Spirit3 distilled in Ireland, it is among other Things enacted, That all

Worts, Walk, or Pot Ale, made from Corn, which shall not be diddled at the Expiration of Six Diys, in-

eluding the Day of brewing and the day of distilling, shall be considered as Worts, Wash or Pot Ale, not

included in any former Charge against the Distiller, and such Distiller shall be charged with Duty in respect of 1 such Worts, Wash, or Pot Ale according to the D reftiorrs of the said Act; Be it enacted, That whenever any Distiller shall by the burning or bursting of any Se ll by inevitable Accident have been prevented from distilling any such Worts, Wash, or Pot Ale within such Period of Six Days, it shall and may be lawful for such Distiller to apply to the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, and in case the said Commissioners shall be satisfied upon the Oath of such Distiller, or otherwise, that such Accident was enevitable, and not owing to any Default or Negligence in such Distiller or his Servants, and that all such Worts, Wash, or Pot Ale were actually distilled at the Expiration of Nine Days, including the Day of brewing and the Day of distilling thereof, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer, to remit, abate, or reduce any Charge of Double Duty which may have been made upon such Distiller in resptft of such Worts, Wash, or Pot Ale not having been distilled at the Expiration of Six Days as aforesaid; any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whenever any such Acc'dent by the burning or bursting of a Still shall take place whereby any Distiller shall be prevented from the distilling any Worts, Wash, or Pot Ale, within such Period of Six Days, such Distiller shall within Six Hours after such Accident, give Notice of such Accident to the Officer of Excise in charge of the Distillery of such Distiller, and shall within Twenty four Hours next after such Accident give and transmit Notice thereof to the Surveyor of the Survey and Collector of Excise, of the Dtftrift in which such Dffiillrry is fttuate, and to the C immissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, and in case of Neglect or Failure in the giving or transmitting of such Notices as aforesaid, or any of them, such Distiller shall not be entitled to any Remillion, Abatement or Reduction of Duty on account of such Accident, any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary not with (landing.

XXXII. And be it enactrd. That in all Trials on Informations which may be traversed under thi<* or the said recited Act«, no Inhabitant of a Parish, Townland, Manor or Lordfh'p shall be deemed an incompetent Witness on account of his being, or being supposed to be interested as an Inhabitant in the Event of such Trial.

40 G. 3. C. S6. §0;

hi cafr of Accident, if W.iih

is |'i(*vented

from being iliitilUH ivitlnn h*i\ Days, an<l it actually dillilled

u ithiu Nine Da>s, Commis-liuii* is of Excite, with the Content ol Treat 11 ry, may abate tin C liar^e of Duty.

Notice of fm h Accident tiull he LT-vcn by the Ditiillers to tlu* OHicers, Surveyor, Collector and ('oiumif* tinners.

Inhabitant* of Townumts declared romp*.-tf nt Wiiueifm.

14 Powers of former Acts extended to this Act. §33. Act may be altered this SdBon. §34.

'TABLE

TABLE referred to by this Act.

tTOMBER of Charge* of Singlings or Low Wines, for the Quantity of Spirits produceable where from every Distiller in Ireland shall be chargeable with Duty within a Period of Four Weeks or Twenty-eight Days in respect of every Still of such Distiller, being of the several Contents following*that is to say,

Contents of the Still. Number of Charges,

3000 Gallons and upwards ..--58

Under 3000 Gallons and not less than ^75° Gallons m m m 60

- 275° - - - 2300 - 62

- 2500 - m 2250 64

- 2250 2000 67

- 2000 - 1750 69

- 1750 - -5°° m

- 1500 - - - 1250 76

- 1250 - - - 1000 m 8a

- 1000 m 750 m m m m 9*

- 750 - - 500 - m mm 100

500 - - - 400 - 1 }S

- 400 - -- 3 CO 129

- 3 00 - - 200 -144

- 200 - m I90 - - 160

190. m l8o 168

- 1S0 - 170 m m 176

- 170* 160 -'- 184

- 160 - - ISO - m m 192

- 5° - - m 140 m m m 200

- 140 - - IJO - m m»20S

- i.?o - - 120 - »216

- 120 - - - IlO -224

- 110 - ioo - 232

- JOO - 90 - -240

- 90 - 80 2 ffO

- 80 m - - 70 - - 260

- 7° - m - - 60 ... 270

- 60 m m 50 2 So

48 G. a. c. 60.

SaV by Auction of Dilates or Effects taken in Execution exempt irom Duty, on Certificate of the Sheriff, as required by 47 j. rt. 1. c. 17. $ 22.

CAP. C.

An Act to amend the several A£h for securing the Collection of the Duties on Auctions in Ireland.

[15th June 1809.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend an Act 4 X X made in the Forty sevent h Year of His frefent Majesty's Reign, for securing the CoVcSion of the Duties on Au3ions in Ireland 5 it is among other Things provided and enacted, That upon any Sde by Auction of any Ellate, Goods, or Efbds, seized for the Benefit of any Creditor in Execution of any Judgment by any Sheriff or Sheriffs, or Person employed by him or them, the Slier.ff or Sheriff?, under whose Authority such Sale shall be made, shall be liable to and shall be charged and chargeable wnh the full Auction Duty on all Goods and Effects sold at such Sale, and that a Return or Account of liuh f Sale, and Payment of the Duty thereon, shall be made by or on the Part of such Sheriff: And whereas it is expect'ent that no Auction Duty should be paid on such Sales; Be it therefore en; idtd by the fving'j most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That after the Expiration of Ten Days after the passing of this Act, in case the Sheriff under whose Authority any such Sile shall be rmde, or his Under-Sheriff, shall certify at the Foot of the Return or Account of such Sale, that all the Elbte, Goods, and Effects, in such Account specified, were really the Property of the Person ag.iinfl whom such Judgment was had and obtained, and that the fame and every Part thereof were actually feizid in Execution of the fame Judgment, in Manner directed and contained in an Act made in the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to secure the Col!e3ion of the Duties on Auihons in Inland, and to prevent Frauds therein, such Certificate shall be a sufficient Authority to the Examinator of Auction Duty in Dublin, or to the Collector of Excise of the Ddlrid, as the Case may be, to discharge the said Sheriff from all Duty on the Sale of such Goods by Auction, without any Payment of any such Duty, any Thing in the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

6 CAP.

A.D. 180g.

49# GEORGII III.

C. 10l. 889

CAP. CT.

An Act to regulate the Fees payable by Persons charged with Treason, Felony, and all other

Offences, at Assizes and Quarter Sessions in Ireland \ and for amending an A<3 of the Parliament of Ireland, made in the Thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, relating thereto.

[i5thy*///£ 1809.]

WHEREAS great Inconvenience results from the Uncertainty and Difference in the several Counties of Ireland, as to the Rates of Fees payable on Criminal Prosecutions, and the several other Matters relating thereto, before the Judges of Assize and the Chairman and other Justices at Sessions, and great

Mffchief has arisen for want of the fame being regulated and duly ascertained: And whereas great Benefit

would accrue from the due Regulation thereof* Be it therefore enacted, by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no other or higher Fees than those enumerated in the Schedule herein after set forth, shall henceforward be payable on Criminal Prosecutions, or any other Matter or Thing relating thereto, in any County, County of a City, County of a Town, or ether Place in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland^ to aoy of the Officers therein mentioned 3 that is to say:

To the Clerk of the Crown, or his Deputy, for etch Person that ftull be indicted and tried for High Treason

To the fame, for each Person that shall be indicted and tried for Petty Treason or Murder To the fame* for each Person that shall be indicted and tried for Felony or other Offence To the fame, for each Person whose Trial shall be poftpnned to a subsequent Aflizta, or other Time for opening and holding a fresh Commission of Affixes or Oyer and Terminer, Half the Fees that he is hereby entitled to charge on the fortgoing Offences; and in case the Person charged by the Ind dlnent shall poll pone his Trial, he is to pay the same himself; and in case the Trial shall be postponed by the Ciown or Prosecutor, then the said Half Fees are to be presented off the County at large, in the same Manner that the Fees of the Prisoners acquitted are made payable as hereafter mentioned.

To the fame, for each Person that shall be ordered to enter into Recogn: zance, whether to attend ac a subsequent Assize3 or Commission, or to be of the l\ace and good Behaviour To the fame, on receiving every Burning, Houghing, Maiming, or other Petition

With a further Fee of Six Shillings in case he shall be required to draw and prepare the same.

To the fame, for filing every Affidavit that shall be sworn in relation to Criminal Business To the fame, for making out and attesting every Copy of such Affidavit To the fame, for every Crown Summons in which the Parties may infrrt the Names of Four Witnessis, requiring their Attendance to give Evidence on any of the Matters relating to Cri tr.inal Prosecution -

To the fame, for every Bench Warrant or Crown Capia9, in which the Names of all the Person charged in the Indictment, that have not appeared or been tried shall be inferred To the fame, for every Certificate that may be required of him in relation to Crown Business To the fame, for the Copy of the Entry of each Indictment which he is by Law authorized t furr.ifh -

To the fame, for each Copy of an Examination which he is by Law authorized to furnish To the fame, for the Copy of each Indictment that he is by Law authorized to furnish To the fame, for every Search he is required to make amongst his Records in relation to Crown Business -

To the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, for each Person that shall be indi&ed and tried at the General S>ffion9, or any Adjournment thereof, whether for Felony or other Offence To the feme, for each Person whose Trial shall be postponed

The feme to be paid by the Person charged in the Indictment, if he postpones his Trial and if the Court or Prosecutor postpones the Trial, to be paid by Presentment, in like Manner as the Fees of Persons acquitted To the fame, for each Person that shall be ordered to enter into Recognizance, whether for good Brhaviour or otherwise -

To the fame, for filing every Affidavit that shall be sworn in relation to Crown Business To the feme, for making out a C >py, and attesting every such Affidavit

To the feme, for every Crown S immons in which the Parties may insert the Names of Four Witnesses -

To the fame, for every Bench Warrant in which the Names of all the Parties named in the lodidment, that have not appeared or stood their Trials, are to be inserted To the fame, for every Certificate in relation to Crown Business only

To the fame, for every Copy of an Indi&menc

To the fame, for every Copy of the Entry of such Indi&raeoi in Crown Book n

To the fame, for every Copy of an Examination*

49 Geo. XXL 5Y To

13

6

- 7 9

- 6 — — 6 —

- 34

3

3

3

6

6

- 2 z

1 6 8

6

8

4

3

3

3

3

1

Fees Aal! be

payable on Criminal Profr-cxittons a 1 cording to the following Tabby

£. I. d.

890

C. 101.

490 GEORGII III.

t

Penalty on t: \kinj* higher Feet, loi.

Grand Juries may prtTr nt for Fees of Perfom discharged without Fci-».

Ko fees statl he paid ttt Cases of Acquittal l>y I'tfett in the lalidinicM.

flo much of Irish Act,

36 G. 3. c. 25, ss directs Division of Countie into Baronies and Half Baronies fe pealed; Counties may he divided by Lord lieutenant into Two DM.ions,

10 coiihft of Baronies, Half l'aronio*, and Faiiihei.

A.D. 1809.

To the fame, for every Search he shall be required to make amongst his Records in relation to

Crown Business.- -

To the Sheriff or Under Sheriff, for each Person that shall be indicted and tried at either Assizes or Srffnns -

To the fame, for each Person whose Trial shall be pottp-ned, payable under the fame Terms as before mentioned, relative to Clerks of the Crown and Peace, and their Deputies To the Gaoler for each Person that shall be ind'cled and tried at either Aflizts or S.flior»9 To the fame, for each Person whose Trial shall he pottponed, payable as before mentioned with respect to Clerks of the Crown, and the other Officers before mentioned

To the fame, for the Coo? of each Committal and Search -

To the Crier attending Assizes or Sessions, for each Person that shall be indi&td and Did lor each Person whose Trial shall be pollporud, payable as before mentioned, with respect to the other Officers -

To the fame, for every Recognizance that shall be entered into at Assizes or Sessions, and the AfliJaviis annexed thereto

To the fame, for every other Affidavit that shall be sworn in Court relating to Crown Business

£ t» d

- 1 3

- 6 —

3 4 3 4

- 1 8

- 1 7

- 26

- 1 3

- 1 7

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk of the Crown, Clerk of the Peace, or any of their Deputies Sheriff or Under SheiilF, Gaoler or Under Gaoler, or Turnkey, or Ciier at Assizes or SelfiOTS, or other Person acting under them, or any of them, shall demand, take, or accept, any other nr lusher Fee than the Sum or Sums llaied and let forth in the foregoing Schedule, for the several Matters and Things therein contained and specified. or for or on account of any other Matter or Thing whatsoever relating thereto, each and every such Person so offending shall for each and every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pound- Steihng, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Dublin, by A6Fonof Debt, B 11, or Plaint, in which no Kflungn, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed, or by Civil Bill, to be heard and deermintd by the Aflittant Barristers at the Sessions of the Peace in such Counties as the said Off. nets Hull be committed.

III. And be it further eni&ed, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the several Grand Juries throughout Ireland, at e'ch Assizes, to present for the several Clerks of the Crown and Clerks of the Peace, or their Deputies, Sheriffs, or Under Sheriffs, Gaolers, and Criers, in lieu of the Fees of such Persons ss shall be indicted, tried, acquitted and discharged, without Fees, at or between each Assizes, any Sum they shall think reasonable and fair, in lieu of such Fees as they have been heretofore accultomett to demand and receive for the fame, not exceeding such Amount as shall be ascertained, according to the Ratts in th s A & allowed, by the AfUlavit of such Clerk of the Crown, Clerk of the Peace, or otlur Ollixr iurcimbefure mentioned, the fa-re to be sworn before the respective Judges of Assize; and which Pres ntments io made by the said Grand Juries, the several Judges of Assize shall and may order to be ha<eJ, notwithstanding any Law or Usage to the contrary.

IV. Provided always and be it enacted, That in all and every Case where any Prisoner or Prisoners shall be acquitted on account of or by reason of any Informality, Error, or Dcfc£f in any Indidmmt whereon any Prisoner or Prisoners shall be tried, no Fee whatever shall be paid to or presented by the Grand Jury for such Clerk of the Crown, C.erk of the Peace, or any of their Deputies who shall have pr. pared inch informal or erroneous Indictment for or on account thereof, or of any Prisoner that fh-<11 be discharged therefrom, provided that the Judge of Assize, Chairman, or Afiitant Barrister at Sessions, shall certify that such Acquittal or Acquittals was or were occasioned by Informality, Want of Form, or other Dcftd in the Indi&mept cn which such Prisoner or Prisoners was or were acquitted and discharged.

V. 'And Whereas by an Act of Parliament Daff-d in the Parliament of IreLin /, in the Th-rtylixth Year of H is present M Jetty, intituled, /In Ad fur the better and more convenient Adminijl ration of Justice, and for the Recovery of Small Debts in a summary V/ay at the Selftons of the Peace in the several Counties at iar$e % ' within the .Kingdom of Ireland, except the County of id lbli-.i; and for continuing and amending an Act, intituled, An Act for the better Execution of the Daw and Preservation of the Peace within C<unties at large, it

was thertbv among it other Things enacted, That from and after the F.-rtt Day of June O..C thousand Lven hundred and ninety-six, it fboultt and might be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chid Governor or Governors of the said Kingdom for the Time being-, by and with the Advice of the Pnvy Council, to 4 dt-iie rach and evrry of the lcvtrai C 'ur.t ts at large of that Kingdom, except tr.e Counties of Dublin, into Two Divisionc, for the Purpose of more conveniently hearing and determining ol Civil Buis only, and that each of such Divtiions flr>uld conlilt of a certain Number of Baronies or Half Baronies, or both: And whereas in several Counties in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, it has, from the local

Situation and irregular Division?of Baronie?, been, found very inconvenient and dtttreffing to the Inhabitants

thereof, that the said Counties should be divided into Dutridfs by Baronies and ll-ttf B-ron; cs only; and9it would tend very much to the Convenience of His Majesty's Subjects refitting in many of t.k.e fa!d 4 Counties, that the fame should be divided into Divisions by a certain Number of Baronies, Halt 1L-9 ronies, and Parishes, intt-aJ of Bunnies or IT a t Bironies only/ B' it therefore enacted, Tuat lo much of the said Acti as dirtfts that the several C ninties ol that Part of the United Kingdom catted Ireland fluuld be divided into Two Divisions, by a certain Number of Baronies or Half Bironic*, shall be a id the fame i-» hereby reovaled; and that it shall and may be lawful, from and at cr thz y-ffing of ihi; Alt, to and for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors, of that Part of the United Kingdom called Irelands for the time being, by and with the Advice of the Privy Council, to divide such of the fevrral Counties of Ireland, as they shall think expedient, for the Advantage and greater Convenience of the Inhabitants thereof into Two Divisions, for the Purposes of the said Act. and none othrr, to conlift of a certain Number of Baronies, Halt Baronies, and Panics, within the said Counties relprftively, instead of B^onies or Half Baronits only; and every such Division so to be appointed, shall be distinguished by the Names of some ore Barony or Half Barony of which it shall he composed.

CAP. CII.

An Act to appoint Commissioners to inquire and examine, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eleven, into the Nature and Extent of the several Bogs in Ireland, ami the Practicability of draining and cultivating them, and the best Means of effecting the same.

[15th June 1809.]

WHEREAS there are large Tracts cf undrained Bog in Ireland, the Drainage whereof h nectfldry for

their being brought into a State of Tillage: And whereas the adding their Contents to the Lands already under Cultivation would not only increase the Agriculture of Ireland % and contribute much to its

Resources for the Sufttnance of the British Empire and its profitable ExDort of Corn, but is highly expedient towr-rds promoting a secure Supply of Flax and Hemp within the United Kingdom, for the Ule

of the Navy, and Support of the Linen Manufacture, indepmdent of Foreign Nations and of the Interruptions arising from the Influence of political Events upon Foreign Trade: And whereas the Appointment of Commissioners for the Purpose of ascertaining the Extent of such Bogs, and the PraftiCi'bimy and Expence of draining the fame, and for the other Purposes herein after mentioned, will materially ash t in effcfing their Cultivation; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this p»cfent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fa»TK, That any Persons (not exceeding in the whole the Number of Nine Persons) who shall be nonrnated and appointed by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Gvivtrnors of Ireland for the Time being, by Writing under the Hand or Hands of such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors to be Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, shall be and they are hereby appointed to be Commissioners for ascertaining the Extent of all such Bogs in Ireland as shall by Repute or Estimation exceed the Extent of Five hundred Acres; and for inquiring and examining into the Practicability of draining each such Bog, and into the belt Mode and probable Expence of effecting such Drainage; the Depth of Bog Soil, the Nature of the Strata immediately underneath; the Nature and Diflance of the Manure belt fitted for their Improvement, and the Expence of making the necessary Roads or Canals for conveying such Manure into and through the fame, from the nearest or most convenient Publick High Roads or Canals, and for the carrying out the future Produce of the B^g Land, when cultivated, to the nearest or most Pubkck Roads or Canals, together with the Opinion of the said Commissioners as to such Measures as they shall deem necessary or expedient for carrying into speedy Efleft the Drainage, Cultivation, and Improvement of all such Bogs, and the future Increase of Timber in Ireland, by providing for the Plantation and Prdcrvation of Trees in such Parts thererf as shall be bed fitted for the Purpose.

II. And be it further en?ft: d, That in case of any Vacancy or Vacancies by Death or Resignation of any One or more of the Commissioners to be appointed by virtue of this Act during the Continuance thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, to nominate and appoint such Person or Persons as he or they may think proper to supply such Vacancy or Vacancies; and every Person so nominated and appointed shall be subject to the same Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, and shall have the like Powers and Authorities for carrying this Act into Execution to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as the Persons originally appointed to be Commissioners under this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall eft as a Commissioner or Commissioners under this Act, shall so ?ft without any Salary, Recomprnce, or Reward whattv.r.

Nine Commtffmners, may be named by Lerd Lieutenant of Ireland to inquire into the State of the Bogs there; exceeding SOO Acres in Latent*

Appointment of new Commissioners.

No SsTrtrvto Coinnuiiiontrs#

Commissioners shall be sworn, §4. Commissioners empowered to meet and make Inquiries; to examine 14 Persons on Oath; and to appoint Engineers, Surveyors, &c. for the Execution of this Act, §3. Com- mjflioners and their Surveyors, &c. empowered to enter on Lards, to survey and ascertain the Nature ofr the Soil. &c. §6. Commissioners may fit in the House of the Linen Board, or Dublin Society, §7. 44 Commissioners shall report their Proceedings to Lord Lieutenant and Parliament, with Plans for the Cuiti- tation of the Bogs, See. §8. On Application of Proprietors of Bogs less than 500 A: rer, Commissionei* u may make Inquiries as to the fame under this Act, §9. Treasury of Ireland may issue 50001. to defray the Expences of Surveyors, Engineers, Clerks, and Officers, acting under the Commissioners, §10.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, upon his, her, or their Examination Persons giving before the said Commifii iners, or any Three of them, wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, every such false E>i«lence Person so offending, and being thereof duly convict d, shall be, and he, file, and they is an I are hereby declared of Perjury*

to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law now in force and cfLftin Ireland, Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

Continuance of Act, ill August 1811, §12.

J Y 2

&92 C. 103.

49° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1809.

CAP. CIII.

4*6. a. e.«5.

*3.

4.

5

Where Loan of Money shall be advanced by the Trailers and Commissioners of Full Fruits, no Security or Bond for the Rc-wiynicnt shall be icquired.

Indeed ol Security or Bond for Money advanced for the building of any Church, the Fanlhioner* may make an Assessment of the whole Sum to be raised in 17 Years, by annual Jnllalments.

Mode of raising such annua) Indahnents by Assessment.

An Act to amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for making Provlflon for the building and re-building of Churches, Chapels, and Glebe Houses in Ireland.

[15th June 1809.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, yfn jiB to mate more effectualPro.

vision for the building and re building of Churches, Chapels, and Glebe Houses, and for the Purchase of Glebe Lands, Glebe Houses, and Impropriations in Ireland, it was among other Things enacted, Ti hat on Application made

to the Trustees and Commissioners of First Fruits in Ireland, in Manner in the said Act mentioned concerning the erecting of any new Church or Chapel or the re building of any Church or Chapel in any Parish or Place in Ireland, it should be lawful for the said Trustees and Commissionera to advance to the Parties making such Application, out of the Monies and Funds intruded to their Care, the whole or any Part of the Sum or Sums of Money to be applied in the Erection or rebuilding of such Church or Chapel; and that if the said Trustees and Con.nrflioners shou'id be of Opinion that it was fitting that any Sum of Money so advanced,

4 or any Paul thereof, should be advanetd by way of Loan to and should be repaid by any Parish, it should be lawful for the said Trustees and Commissioners to require and take Security by Bond for the repaying of such Money so advanced, in Manner and at the Times in the said Act mentioned; and that every Bond for Money advanced by the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury of Ireland, by virtue of the said Act should be made payable to His M*jHly, his Heirs and Successors; and if such Sum of Mniey should not be duly paid, the said Bonds should be put in Suit under the Orders of the said Lord Hi^h 4 Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three of them; And whereas the Inconvenience refuking to Individuals from the entering into the Bonds and Securities required by the said recited Act may obiiruft the Attainment of the beneficial Effrfts of the said Act; Be it therefo-e enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, whenever any Sum or Sums of Money whatever shall be advanced by the said Trustees and Commissioners by way of Loan, and to be repaid by the Parish or Place in which any Church or Ch?pel so to be crested or rebuilt shall be erected or situate, whether such Money shall be advanced by the said Trustees and Commissioners out of any Money to be advanced to them by the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, or out of any other Funds in the Hands, Power, Custody, Possession or Disposal of the said Commissioners and Trustees, it shall not be necessary for the U'A Commissioners and Trustees to require and take any such Security by Bond as in the said Act is mentioned for the Repayment of any such Sum or Sums of Money so advanced, or any Part or Proportion thereof, any Tiling in the said recited Act, or in any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding,

II. And be it further enact'd, That from and after the passing of this Act, whenever the Minister and Churchwardens, or any Two Protestant Inhabitants of ary Parish or Place in Ireland, in which it shall be proposed and intended that any Chinch or Chapel shall be crested or rebuilt, shall have made Application in Manner directed by the said recited Act, to the said Trustees and Commissioners for the advancing of any Money for such Purpose, and the Lid Trustees and C immtfliontrs shall have signified their Intention of advancing any Sum or Sums of Money for such Purpose, and shall be of Opinion that it is fitting and expedient that such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, should be advanced by way of Loan to, and should be repaid by such Parish or Place, then and in such Case in the Place and Stead ol any Bond or Security being taken by the said Tmflcea for the Re-payment of such Sum of Momy, or any Part thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the Inhabitants of any such Parish dr P»ace, afTcmbted at a Vestry duly summoned and called upon, Svven Days Notice at least, to make an AfFtflinent upon such Parish or Place, of a Sum equal to the whole Sum so to be advanced by Way of Loan, to be repaid by Instalmcn's in Seventeen fucctflwe Ycm.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may he lawful for every such Vcllry to afkfs upon such Parish or Place the whole Sum so to be advanced by way of Loan, to be raised, levied, and paid in Manner and at the Times following, that is to f y. Six Pounds per Centum of the Sum so advanced and to he repaid, shall be so raised and paid by such Parish on or before the First Day of July next after the Expiration of One Year from the Drv on which futli Sum shall be so advanced; S.x Pounds fer C: ntum more if such Sum on or before the First P iy of July in every succeedimj Year, until N nety-six Pounds per Centum of the Sum so advanced and to be repaid fiiah be so raised and paid by such Parish; and the remaining Four Pounds per Centum of such Sum on or before the First Day of July in the Year succeeding that in which the last I. (iainunt ol S X Pounds per Centum shall have been paid as betoie-mention* d; ai d that the Amount of the said annual 1lift Aments* or Sum or Sums of Money, shall be a Charge on such Ptrish or P.ace, arid {had, without further Authority* he from Time to Time applotted, levied, and raised without further Assessmvnt in such P.rifii or Place, in such Mmner, and with all such Powers and R-meuks for the applotting, raising, and levying of the fame in all Respects as is or are provided for the applotting, raising, and levying of any Sum or Sums of Money, Rat-. Parish AircflYnent, Eels, or Tax, for repairing, huilding, or re-building of any Church or Chap.-l, or other wceflaiy Charges belonging to such Church or Chapel, under or by virtue of the said recited Act of the last Session, or of any other Act or Acts in Force in Ireland at the Time of the passing of this Act; and that all Churchwardens and Vestries shall have the like Potvcr to afTcfs all Parishes and PlactP, and to applot and levy such Atlcfiments, and be accountable for the fame, and to do all Matters and Things for the a Belli ng such Sum?, or for applotting, raising, and levying of such annual Instalments or Sumsfo to be payable as aforesaid in all Respects whatsoever, as they now have respectively touching or concerning any Rate or Rates, Sum or Sums of Money, Punfh Cess or Tax, for the repairing, building, or rc-building of any Church or

Chapel,

A.D. 1809. 49° GEORGII III. C. 103.

Chapel, or any other neceflsry Charge belonging to such Church or Chapel, under or by virtue of any such Act or Ada as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That a Certificate finned by the Churchwardens, or Two Protrstant Inhabitants of any such Parish or Place, that such Assessment had been made in and for such Parish or Place, shall be forthwith transmitted to the Ordinary of the Diocese; and upon such Certificate, together with the Approbation of the said Ordinary, being by the said Ordinary transmitted to or laid before the Caid Trustres and Commissimers of First Fruits, it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees and Commissioners forthwith to advance and pay to the Persons applying under the fa; d recited Act, out of any Monies or Funds eutrufted to the Ctre of the said Trulte-s and Commissioners such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall have previot fly bonified to be in their Opinion fit and proper to be applied in the Erection or building of any such Church or Chapel respectively, in Manner herein before mentioned.

V. And be it further enacted, That all and every such Instalment and Sum or Sums of Money so to be raised by any such Parish or Place as aforesaid shall be paid to the Churchwardens of such Parish or Place, and shall by such Churchwardens, within Twenty-one Days afrer the First Day of July in every Year, be oaid to the said Trustees and Commissioners of First Fruits; and in case the Money so advanced by sch Tru'lees and Commissioners shall have been advanced by them out of any Money advanced to them by the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury of Ireland, such Sum and Sums of Money shall, by the fr.d Trustees and Commissioners, be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer of Ireland, within One Month afttr the Receipt thereof, by the said Trustees and Commissioners; and such Money may be again advanced to the said Trustees and Commissioners by the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Purposes of the said recited Act, iu Manner and under the Regulations mentioned aDd contained in the said recited Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case Default shall be made in the raising or Payment of the said Instalments, or Sum or Sums of Money, or any of them, by the said Parish or Place, or by the said Church* wardens, to the said Trustees and Commissioners of Full Fruits, and any such Insta'ment or Sum or Sums ot Money shall be behind and unpaid, and not duly raised, paid, and satisfied to the said Trusteea and Commissioners, before the Expiration of Twenty-one Days after the First Day of July, in any Year wherein the fame ought to be so paid as aforesaid; it shall and may be lawful for the Bishop of the Dioctfe in which such Parish or Place shall be situate, and he is hereby authorized and required to nominate and appoinc fume fit and proocr Person or Persons to levy such Instalment or Sum or Sums of Money as shall be so due and unDaid, together with Interest for the fame, at and after the Rate of S x Pounds per Centum per Annum, from the Day cn wh»ch the fame ought to have been paid, until the same shall be actually paid, and a former Sum after the Rate of Ten Pounds/*/* Centum on the Amount of such Instalment, or S im of Money so payable, which said Sum aft^r the Rate of Ten Pounds per Centum, shall and may be received and retained by such Person or Persons so to be nominated and appointed, for his or their Pains and Trouble, in levying and recovering of the said InfLlment, and all and every Person or Persons who shall be so nomir-ated and appointed for the Purpose aforesaid, shall have, use, and exercise, all such Powers and Authorities, for the levying and raising such Instalment, and Su: n and Sums of Money, as the Churchwardens of such Parish or Place, or any other Person or Persons lawfully might or could have, use, and exercise, for the levying and raising such Instalment, or any Parish Rate or Afftfiiment under this Act, or any other Act or Acts, and Inch Person or Persons flnll pay over and account for all such Instalments, and all Sum and Sums of Money received by them on account of the Line, or of the Interest of the same as afortfa; d, to the said Commissioners and Trustees, within Twenty-one Days after the Receipt of the fame, by such Person or Persons as aforesaid.

Persons having given Bond for any Money advanced by Trustees before the p?.fiing of this Act, may be dif-M charged on Application to the Churchwardens, and a Rate being made according to this Act. §7.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, from Time to Time to direct the Commissioners for executing the Ofliee of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, to raise and borrow by Treasury Bills, at an Interest of Five Pounds per Centum, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, to he paid to the said Commissioners and Trustees of First Fruirs to be by them applied in Loins towards the building or re-building of Churches and Chapels in Ireland, in such Manner as should be directed by Parliament, and the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds shall be and the fame is hereby granted to and vrftid in His Majesty, to be applied from Time to Time to the Purposes of the said recited Act of the Forty.eighth Year aforesaid, and th 13 Act; and that, for the raising of tKc said Sum of Fifty Thousand Pounds, it shall and may* be lawful for the Com-nr.flioners for executing the OfiLe ot Lord High Treasurer of Ireland for the Time bring, in consequence of any such Directioit from the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Inland, to raise and borrow such Part of the f3*d Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds as shall or may be necessary from Time to Time by the Issue of Treasury Bills for that Pu»-pcfe, bearing Interest at a R ite not tx: eeding Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, and that the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, or so much thereof as shall from Time to Time be raised and borrowed as aforesaid, shall be applied to the PuipTes of the said recited Act and this Act, and shall and may be issued and pa; d by the said Como -flnners for executing the Ofh: e of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, to the said Trustres and Commissioners of First Fruits, to be by them applied in Loans towards the building and rebuilding of Churches and Chapels in Ireland, according to the Rules, Directions, Provisions, Regulations, and Restrictions contained in the said recited Act of the Forty-eighth Year aforesaid, and this Act.

893

On Certificate to

die Ordinary, of such Assessimi; ts, fie. Trustees shall advance ihe Money requited.

Instalments shall

he received by Churchwardens, and then paid to Trustees*, and thence to th* Treasury, &.C.

On Failure of Payment of InlUhnenta, within 2 I Days of 21 ft of July yearly, the Pi flu p may npjwint a Person to levy the same, with lOl. per cent. ' additional.

The I^md

Lieutenant m»y dite*ik the Treasury to

borrow .r>O, 000l. by Treasury Bill*, to be paid to Rourd of Frit Fruits for building and re-building C hurt lies, &c.

894 C. 104 — 106.

49° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1809.

Infl) A<^,

1.5 11 G. 3.

c.

i : > & 10 G. 1.

C. 2.

]<) A -20 O. 3. c. 2. fur ^ranting Life Annuities.

11 G.l. c. 07. il l G.O. (I.) r. 1. for jirvrvrnting traitorous Corr-f]K>mlcucc.

Claims of I'erfems, ]>r^-veiUc d by f.iid AMs of il l G. 3. from applying (or Payment of Annuities within Three

CAP. CIV.

An Act to amend fever.il Acts made in the Parliament of Ireland, for granting Life Annuities with Benefit of Survivorlhi/.

[15th June 1809.]

THF.REAS fevtrai A^s were rafT.d in the Parliament of Ireland, in the several Sessions held in the

Tniiteenth and Fourteenth Yors, an*? in the Fifteenth ami .Sixteenth Yens, ard in the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, whereby certain L'fe Anir.iitir3 were granted w ih Benefit of S'lrvivoWhio t*« such Pr-rfons as fliculd voluntarily subsenbe towards raiftmr the several Sums i: i the said several Acts rtfpcMively mentioned, and it was by the said recircd AMs provided, that in case any Pctfon who should be entitled to receive any Annuity or Annuities by the Intent of the said recited Acttsf should negbft to demand the fame in Manner r quired by the said recited Adds for the Space of Three Year*, he or she should for ever lose ard forMt the fame, as if his or her respective Nominee had been dead at the Commenerment of the said Thr e Years: And whereas by reason of certain Provisions contained in Two AMs 4 p died in the Parliaments oi Irrlnnd and of Great Britain, in the Thirty-third Year of ldis present Majesty's 4 Reirrn, more tff MunUv to prevent during the War b-l wem Great Britain and France all traitorous Corref- pondence with, or A»d or A ill dance being given to IPs Majesty's Enemies, and ir other Act for the like Purposes, divers of the ft id Annuities payable to Persons as well Forei^r ers as Bri/iJJj SuVjtMs residing in Part* ' beyond the Seas, may not have been demanded within the Time pres-nbed by the last recited AMs, for granting Annuities; for Remedy whereof/ Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Claim of all or any Person or Persons who by reason of the said recited AMs for the preventing of such traitorous Corrcfpoudenee as aforesaid, Hull have been prevented from making such Claim, within the Time prescribed by the said recited AMs for granting Annuities shall be received, and the Annuities payah'e to all or any such Persons or Person shall be paid in like Manner as if such Claim had been made within the Time pveferibed by tht said recited AMs for granting Annuities, any Thing id the said recited AMs or any of them to the contrary in any wise net with flindtrg.

Years, shall be rccebed and allowed.

49 G. 3. c. S.

43 G. 3.C. 132.

§29. $3, 4.

Trwfury may permit Goods defcrilK-d in Tablet! annexed to 43 G. 3. c. 131. to remain warehoused in the Port of London without Payment of Duty, for any Peritxi bound 15 Months.

45 G. 3. c. 87.

CAP. CV.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, an Act of this present Sdlion of Parliament, to suspend the Importation of Britishs or Irish made Spirits into Great Britain or Ireland respectively.

[15th Jutte 1809.]

Recited AM continued till March 25, 1810.

CAP. CVI.

An Act for allowing further Time for taking Goods out of Warehouse, and paying Duties thereon.

[15th June 1809.]

WHEREAS by an AM pifTed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for permitting certain Goods imported into Great Britain to be secured in IVarehouses without Payment of Duly, the Importers, Proprietors, or Consignees of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, which have been lodged in any Warebonfe or Warehouses, to be provided according to the Directions of that AM, or otherwise secured in the P<>rt of London, are, within Fifteen Calendar Months to be computed from the Day on which the Importers, Proprietors, or Consignees shall have made their First Entry there- f, to clear and take from and out of such Warehouses or Places respectively, either for Exportation or to be consumed in Great Britain, all such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize; and Bond is dircMed to be given to His; M^fty lor paying the Duties upon certain Articles within Twelve Months from the Date of the First Entry thereof: And whereas it may in certain Cases be expedient to allow further Time for clearing the said Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and for paying the Duties thereon / B? it therefore enacted by the King's most Escetlent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Common*, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Tune being, or any Three or more of them, by Warrant under his or their Hand or Hands, to permit and allow any Goods, Wares, and Merchandize euumerated or described in the Tables annexed to the said recited AM, or which may tavebeen or shall be added to such Tables by virtue and in pursuance thereof, to rrmain warehoused or ot[ierwife secured, without Payment of the Duty of Customs or Excise, for such further Time beyond the said Period of Fifteen Months as the said Lord High Treasurer, or the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, may in their Judgment think reasonable and proper; and no Bond entered into for the Payment of any such Duties shall be proceeded upon during the extended Period for which any such Goods, Ware3, or Merchandize, shall or may be so allowed to remain warehoused or otherwise secured under the Authority of this AM.

IL 4 And whereas the Privileges and Advantages of the said AM of the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majdfy have been extended to the Out Ports in pursuance of an AM of the Forty-fifth Yrcar of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled, An Act to authorize the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Trca fury to permit certain Articles to be warehoused in different Ports in Great Britain, upon giving Security for the .4 Payment of Duties upon the Article: therein mentioned; and of another AM of the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of

4 Hh

Ill

A.D. 1809.

49°

GEORGII

C. 106 — 108. 895

1 Hi* hud Majesty, intituled, An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act made in the Forty-third Year of His present 46 G. D. c. 137.

Majesty, for permitting certain Articles to be warehoused in Great Britain* to other Articles not therein mentioned;

and to alter the Condition of the Bond directed to he given by an Act of the Twenty -fourth Year of His present Majesty,

by the Masters and Owners of Vessels and Boats Ucensed by the Lords of the Admiralty j and it is expedient that the Lord High Treasurer or the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury ihoidd be also empowered to

extend the Period for which the Goods may remain bonded and warehoused at such Out Port?; Be it there- Treasury m*y

fore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer or the said Lotds Commissioners in like Manner of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, by Warrant as aforesaid, to extend the extend the Period for which any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, are allowed to be bonded and warehoused at for any Out Port of Great Britain; and no Duties of Customs or Excise shall be demanded or required, nor shall housed at wi* any Bond, given for the Security of such Dutiee, be enforced or proceeded upon durirg the extended Period Qui-Pori. which shall or may be allowed under the Authority of this Act.

CAP. CVII.

An Act for the more effectual Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures, incurred in the British Colonies and Plantations in America. Q15th June 1809.]

WHEREAS by divers' Acts of Parliament relating to the Trade and Revenue of His Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America, sundry Penalties and Forfeitures are ir flifted, which, by Two Acts, the

one passed in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting certain Duties in*G. 3.e. 15.

the Brit 1 (h Cohnic; and Plantations in America; for continuing, amending, and maltng perpetual\ an Act passed in 411

the Sixth 7 'ear of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, (intituled, An Act for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America; ) for applying the Produce of such Duties,

and of the Duties to arise by virtue of the said Act. towards defraying the Lx peaces of defending. proteding, and securing the said Colonies and Plantations; fur explaining an Act made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King

Charles the Second- (intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Greenland and Ealtland Trades, and for the letter securing the Plantation Trade; ) and for altering and disallowing several Drawbracls on Exports from this Kingdom; and more ejfi dually preventing the eland fine Conveyance of Goods to and from the said Colonies and

Plantations, and improving and feeuring the Trade between the fame and Great Britain; and the other passed in

the Eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and intituled, An Act for the more easy and esse dual Recovery 8 q 3 f

of the Penalties and Forfeitures injlided by the Acts of Parliament relating to the Trade or Revenues of the British

Colonies and Plantations in America; are to be prosecuted, sued for, and rtcovered in certain Courts in the said Acts mentioned: And whereas it is expedient to alter and amend the Provisions of the said Acts; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

ar, d Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Provisions of all the Provisions contained in the said recited Acts, or in any other Acts, to prosecuting, suing for, and rcclttdActs for ' recovering any Penalties or Forfeitures incurred in the British Colonies cr Plantations in America, under any recovering Law relative to the Trade or Revenue of the said Colonies or Plantations, shall be and the Lme are hertby repealed, except only as to any Proceedings under the said Acts now depending, or which shall be commenced before the Tenth Day of Odder One thousard eight hundred and nine; and that all such Penalties and For- proceedings feirures which may have been heretofore, or may be hereafter incurred, shall and may be prosecuted, sued for, prudiny, and recovered in any Court of Record, or of Vice-Admiralty having Jurisdiction, in the Colony or Plantation Penalties may«where the Cause of Prosecution arises; and in Cftes where there {halt happen to be no such Courts, then in anyu

Court of Record, or of Vice-Admiralty having Jurisdiction in some British Colony or Plantation near to that jJgc0^Jl, r, where the Cause of Prosecution arises; provided, that in Cases where a Seizure is made in any other Colony Vice- A Ilmira liy, than that where the Forfeiture accrues, such Seizure may be prosecuted in asy Court of Record, or of Vice- in the Colony Admiralty having Jurisdiction, either in the Colony or Plantaiion where the Forfeiture accrues, or in the Colony where the Cause or Piantat'on where the Seizure is made, at the Eltftion of the S-izor or Prosecutor; and in Cases where there shall happen to be no such Courts in either of the la: t mentioned Colonies or Plantations, then in ary Court of (af<n>fU°S m Re; ord, or of Vice-Admiralty having Jurisdiction, in some British Colony or Plantation near to that where the Seizures. Fcfciture accruer, or to that where the Seizure is made, at the Election of the Seizor or Prosecutor.

II. And be it further enacted, That such Seizures, by whomsoever made, {had be lodged and deposited in Seizures shall be tie Custody of the C dlcftor arid Cornptro.lcr of the Customs at the Po: t where they ftnll be made, or into iwdi

which lin y shall be ca'ried for Adjudication un.'cr the aforesaid Provisions, and Hull be subj-ft in respect to the L»llc«fh">rand Charge, Cine, Sale, and Delivery thereof, to the Rules a-d R-gulation* of an Act of the iV.mry-sixth Year of ^c°

His pris.-nt M ijelrys IL i^n, intituled, An Act for regulating the Production of Maniffs, and for more effectually u, .(j to

preventing fraudulent P radices in obtaining Bounties and Drawbacks^ and in the eland fine re-landing of Goods; and 26 G. ti.v.40. shall br deliverable on S.curity according t-> d.e Rules ot another Act of the Twenty-eighth \car 01 Ii?s present Majesty's Reign, intituled, an Act m re efjidually to securt the Performance of Quarantine, and for amending 29 G. 3. c. 34. several Laws relating to the Revenue tf Customs, in lilie Manner as it the Provisions of the Two Jail recited Acta were herein repeated.

Cap. cviir.

An Act to amend the several Acts respecting the Payment of Wages and Prize Money, and Allotment of Wages, to Persons serving in His Majesty's Royal Navy.

[15th June 1809.]

WHEREAS certain Prov.lions in an Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign ot H^s rr-f nt

4 v? Mujrlty, intituled, An Act for the further preventing Frauds and Abuses attending the Payment of II gest 20 G. 3. c, G#«

Prize Money, and other Allowances due for the Service of Petty Officers and Seamen on board any of His

l 4 Mi Jeffs

896

83 0.3. C. 34. 81 G. 2. C. 10.

82 G. 3. c. 33. asG-a. c. 2S.

46G.3.C 127-

S*> niUi li of 26 G. 3. r. G).

§ 1. as requires tire Number on the Shij/s Hooks to hr fjirrified in the Wills, repealed.

Wills, &r. executed by Simmon hi Naval Hospitals, ike. abroad, shall lie gtxxl if matle revocable, and attrfted l>y the Surgeons.

Sick Seamen in Transports mav execute Wills »tidled by the Mailer or Male.

Provisions of iw G. a. c. 34. [$*>3.] extended to Persons fhiebiirged.

No Wills of Persons made previous to entering, tT.all be licit! to l)e gocxl, unids executed and ttelled according to the Proi ikons of recited Alta.

Who shall be de<'n»ed Petty Cilicers, ike.

C. 108.

49° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1809.

Majesty's Ships; and in another Act oafled in the Thirty.ftcond Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for

explaining and amending th- laid Ad and for other Purposea; and likewise in an Act passed in the Thirtyfirst Year of the Reign of His lare M jefiv Kintr George the Second, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement

of Seamen employed in the Royal Navy, and for eflnhlishing a regular Method for the punctual, frequent, and cer* 1 tain Payment of their I Gages, and for enabling them more enjily and readily to remit the fame for the Support of their 1 Gives and Families, and for preventing Frauds and Abuses attending fuels Payments; and also in an Act passed in the Thirty* fecotul Year of H.s prrfeut Maj fiv, for explaining and amending the last-mentioned Act,

and for further extending the Brut fits thereof; and wlfoinan Act passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His prfLnt M/jefiv. intituled, An Act to enable Petty Officers in the Navy and Seamen, Nin^commissioned

W' ers of Marines and Marines serving in His Majesty's Navy, to allot Part of their Pay for the Maintenance of their Hives and Families, and aho hi an Act passed in the Forty-six th Year of His present Majesty, intituled,

Sin Ad to amend and extend the Benefits of an Act made in the Thirty fifth Year of His present Majesty, to enable Petty Officers. Seamen, and Marines serving in His Majesty's Navy. to allot Part of their Wages or Pay for the Main

4 t: nance of their [Gives and Families, have not been found lulhcient to effect the good Purposes intended thereby; Be it therefore mailed hv the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords

5 jiritu d and Te.nporri. a*ul Commons, in this prdent Parliament alTcmbhd, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said Two herein fir It mentioned Acts as tr.acts that no Letter of Attorney or Will made by any Prttv Officer or Sta^an, or Non-commissioned Officer ot M-rints or Marine in the Service of His Mijrlly, his Heirs or Successors, whereby any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, or Allowances of Monty of any Kmd, due or to grow due for such Service, is authorized to be received or bequeathed, shall be good and vdid and fr.f&ciert for the P.u-oose, unless such Letter of Attorney or Wil', if made by any such Officer or Seam?n, or Non-comm (honed Officer of Marines or Marine, then in the Strvice of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall specify in the Body thereof, the Number at which the Maker of fuel) Will or Letter of Attorney Han^s noon the Sh'p's Book ffiail be and the fame is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further roadbed. That every Will beq ieath'ng Wages. Pay, Prize Money, or oih r Allowances of Money, and ev ry Letter of Attorney for empowering any Person or Persons to receive Wages, Pav, or other Allowances of Mr>*'cy other thoi Prize Money, which shall be made and executed by any P«.tty Officer, Seaman, Non commifii m-d Officer of Marines or Marine, in the Service of His Hajrfiy, his Plcirs or Succrflors, who may he in any N-?val or Merchant Hospital or S: ck Quarters on any Foreign Station, where there shall be no Agent of such Hospital or Q^ iarttrs, shall be good and eflfcdual, provided such Letter of Attorney shall be made revocable by the txprefs Words thereof, and provided such L: ttrr of Attorney or Will shall be figued before and attefied hv the Surgeon and hi* Affi.lant atetndingat such Hospital or Sick Quarters.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful fir any Petty Officer and Seamen, Non-commissi >ncd Officer of Marines and M trine, in the Service of His Majesty, his Heirs or SuccciT>rs, who may be fer»t Home sick or invalided from Foreign Stations, while on board any Transport or Meic'>ant Vessel on his Passage, to make his Will, provided that inch Will shall be sighed before and attefied by the Mailer and First Mate ot every such Transport or Merchant Vessel resptdivtly.

IV. ' And whereas Provision ha9 been made in the Lid Ad of the Thirty-second Year of His prtf-nt Majesty, for the Payment of Sums not exceeding Seven Pounds, which may be due and payable by the Rules of the Navy, to any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-comnvfiioned Officer of Marines or Marine, in resped of his Services in the Navy; and it's expedient that the Benefits thereof should be extended to Persons of the said Descriptions, who may have been discharged from the Service of His Majesty; Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-comnnflioned Officer of Marines or Matine, being so discharged, to give such Orders in Writing for the Payment of Sums not exceeding Seren Pounds, on the Treasurer ot His Majesty's Navy; provided that such Orders be made, executed, and attefied in the same Manner as is prefenbed by the Acts passed in the Twenty-sixth and Thirty-second Years of His present Majesty's Reign, respeding Powers of Attorney executed by such Persons when discharged from His Majesty's Service, and provided also, that if the Party making such Order ffiail have been discharged from His Majt tty's Service at his own Rtqucft, or for any other Cause or Reason than being unserviceable, he shall not be entitled to immediate Payment on such Order, but shall wait for the Payment of the fame according to the Rules of the Navy, unril such Ship from whence he has been discharged, shall come in conrfe of Payment.

V. And whereas Doubts have anlm, whether the Provisions in the hereinbefore mentioned Acts, passed in the Twenty*sixth and Thirty-second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, should be construed to rendtr inval d the Will cf any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, executed

prtviously to the E trance of such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, into His Majesty's Service, as to any Wages, Pay, or A'lowances, to which the Ptifor.s who executed the fame mwy have been or may be entitled to, for their Strvice in the Navy Be it further enacted and declared, That no Will of any such Person shall be held to be good and avaiiable, unless the fame (had be executed and atulted according to the Provisions of the said Act, as to any Wa^es, Pay, Prize Money, or Allowances of Monry of any Kind, due or to grow due in the Service of His Majesty, his Heirs and Succ-lTor3; and that all Payments of Wag s. Pay, Prize Money, and other Allowances of Money heretofore made to any Admintfira-for or next of Kin, Wife, Relation, or Creditor of any such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non comn.iffioucd Cfa: cr of Marines or Marine, having made any Will before he entered into the said Service, which hath been rrjtded, as not being executed and attefied, as by the before-mcHtioued Acts is required in that Behalf, (had be considered and are hereby declared to be valid and tficdual.

VI. 4 And whereas Doubts have anlen, as to the Persons who come within the Drscription of Petty Offi-

ctrs and others in His Majesty's Navy and Non-commissioned Officers oL Marines, within the Provisions of the fevtrai Acts herein before recited j* Be it further enacted, That all and every Part of the Complement of

every

897

A.D. 1809. 49° GEORGII III. C. 108.

every Ship in Hr* Majesty* Navy shall he and are hereby declared to be Petty or Inferior Officers, Seamen* Non-commissioned Officer of Marines or Marines, excepting such as are rated upon the Books of such Ships, as A3mirals or Flag Officers, and their Secretaries, Captains, Lieutenants, Sub-Lieutenants, Mailers, Second Mailers, and Pilots, Physicians, Surgeons* Assistant Surgeons, Chaplainf, Boatswains, Gunners, Carpenters, and Pursers, Field Officers of Marines, Captains, Captain-Lieutenants of Marines, Lieutenants and Quartermasters of Marines.

VII.*And whereas it is expedient to repeal such Part of the said recited Act, passed in the Twenty-Gxth Year of the Reign of His present Majerfty, as relates to the receiving and (ending Letters and Packets by the Inspector, to be appointed as therein mentioned, free from the Duty of Pollage, and to enact other Provisions in lieu thereof; Be it therefore enacted, That immediately from and after the passing of this Act, the said Part of the said recited Act shall cease. determine, and be no longer in force.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, all Letters or Packets addressed to the Inspectsr of Seamen's Wills for the Time being, upon any Business or Affairs relating to the said Office of Inspector of Seamen's Wills, shall be free from the Duty of Pollage; and ail Letters and Packets being upon any Business or Affairs relating to the said Office of Inspector of Seamen's Wrills that shall be forwarded by the said Inspector of Seamen's Wills shall be under Cover, with the Words " Pursuant to Ad " of Parliament, Forty-nine George the Third, " printed upon the fame 3 and the said Inspector of Seamen's Wills shall write his Name under the same.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Inspector of Seamen's Wills or any other Person shall fend or convey under any of the Covers aforesaid, any Writing-piper or Parcel other than those relating to the Business or Affairs of the said Office of Inspector of Seamen's Wills, the Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person from and after the passing of this Act, shall falsely mak, forge, or counterfeit, or cauie or procure to be falsely made, forged, or counterfeited, or willingly ad and aflilt in the false making, forging, or counterfeiting the Signature of any Minister, Churchwarden, Elder or Inhabitant of any Parish, to any Certificate to ary Petition for a Certificate as required, described, and mentioned in the recited Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to enable any Person or Persons to obtain Letters of Administration to any such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, or shall utter or publifti as true any such Certificate to any such Petition, with any false, forged, or counterfeited Signature of any such Minister, Churchwarden, Elder, or Inhabitant of any Parish, knowing the same to be talfe, forged, or counterfeited, then every such Person so offending, being lawfully convicted of any such Offence, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy.

XI. ' And whereas by the said Act passed in the Thirty.fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, every Petty Officer and Seaman or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, serving or entering to serve on board of any Ship or Vessel of His Majesty, h; 8 Hrir6 and Successors, is empowered to allot a certain Part of his Monthly Wages or Pay, to certain Relations therein mentioned / Be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for every Petty Officer and Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, being a Widower, and serving or entering to f rve on board of any Ship or Vessel of His Mijtfly, hiu Heirs and Success us, to allot a certain Part of his Monthly Waces or Pay for the Maintenance of any his Child or Children, in such Proportions and under the Restrictions, Forms, and Limitations as are prescribed in the said lass-mentioned Ad: Provided that every such Allotment for the Maintenance of such Child or Children, (h ill be made to sonic fit Person or Persons inhabiting the Parish where such Child or Children may reside, who shall he approved of by the Miniller £nd Churchwardens, or Churchwarden, Elders or E'der of such Parish; and in case any Person or Persons to whom such Allotments shall be made for the Maintenance of such Child or Children, shall fail in applying the same to the Advantage and Bern fit of such Child or Children, and a Certificate of such Misconduct shall be sent from the Miniller and Churchwardens or Churchwarden, Elders or Elder of such Parish, to the Commissioneru of the Navy, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required thereupon, to nominate and appoint any other Person or Persons who may be rtcom-nv.ndtdrothem by the Miniller and Churchwardens or Churchwarder, Elders or Elder of the fa; d Parish for receiving the Allotment for the Purpose aforesaid, in the Room of such Person or Persons who may have abused the Trull reposed in him or them.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for every Petty Officer and Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Offi: tr of Marines or Marine serving or entering to serve on board of any Ship or Vessel of His M jily, his Heirs and Successors, to allot a certain Part of bU Monthly Wages to his Father, being a Widower and unable wholly to maintain himself, in such Proportions and under the Restrictions, Forms, and Limitations, and agreeable to the Directions prescribed in the said last-mentioned Act; provided such Father is certified by the Mmilter and Churchwardens or Churchwarden, Elders or Elder of the Parish in which he shall rdi ic, to be a Widower and unable wholly to maintain himself.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all Allotments of Wages or Pay made by any Petty Officer or Seaman or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, by virtue of this Act or any former Acts, shall be paid by the Persons and at the Places following; that is to say, if the Person or Persons entitled to any Sum so allotted shall reside in London, or within the Bills of Mortality, the same shall be paid by the Treasurer of the Navy at Somerset House: and if the Persons antitied to any Sums so allotted shall reside at Por/fmouth, Plymouth, Chatham, Deptford, Woolwich, or Sheerness, or within Five Miles of any of those Places rtfptdively, then and in every such Case the same shall be paid by the Clerk of the Cheque, at any of those Places where or within Five Miles of which such Person or Persons shall reside; but if the Residence of any such Person or Persons entitled to any Sum so allotted as aforesaid, shall not be k London, nor within (he Bills of Mortality

49 Geo. III. 5 Z thereof.

26 G. 3. c. 6.1.

§ S. respecting Portage of Inspetrtor's Letters repealed.

Letters to and from Inspector relating to Sea men's Wilis exempted from Portage.

Penalty on Inspetrtoralmrtng such Privilege,

100l.

Penalty cm forging Certifi-caws under r>a G. a. c. 34.

§ 18. Felony without Clergy.

Petty Officers, Seamen, and Marines, being Widowers, may allot Part of their Pay for Maintenance of Children, to be applied under Direction of the Miniller, ike. [.See -3.S G. 3 c. 28. §3, Q'c.]

a act to their Fathers, being Widoweu.

Bv whom

Allotment* of Pay shall be paid to the Patties entitled.

C. 108

Allotmentj may.be revoked.

For regulating lie mitt al of YVa; c$ under 31 (*». 2. r. 10. §14. (and 3'2 G.; }. r. 33.) to Children.

Promotion Ticket* shall be made out, &c. in in like Manner as Foreign remove Tickets, under 3*2 G. 3.

«.03. §7. &c.

Penalty on 1'roil or delivering I'o bit* s,

Ke. to anvlV cfoa but the Tr* a-furer, $*c. <d the Navy, and on Acein-. paying j'ri/.e M"ney of dcvrutVd Seamen contrary to llireitiona of

26 G. .1. r. 63.

§ 7, M, &c. and

3*2 G. 3. c. 34.

§ 2 2, \C.

Jtcritvcry of Tcualtics.

49° GEORGII III. A.D. 1809.

thereof, nor at Portsm^th, Plymouth, Chatham, Dyfor!, Woolwtrh, or Sheerntfs, nor within F: ve Miles of any of those* Places resp Ctively, th.cn in every such C ilc the Sun". allotted o it of the Wages or Piy of every such Petty Offher, Seaman, or Landman, Non-comrhlTi >ned Officer of Mirines or Marine, shall be paid to the Person or Persons entitled to receive the same, by the Rerviver-Genaal of the L'.ni 'Pax cf any County, Riding, or C ty, or by the Code ft or of the Cmtonvi for any Port, or by the Cdlrflnr of Excite for any Collision in Great Britain, Pearcll to the P.p.cc of Rdidc-nce of the Person or Persons so entitled to receive the faui Same so allotted to them as nforefnid.

XrV. And be it further eiu& d, That it shall be lawful for any Warrant Officer, Petty Officer, Seaman, or Marine, to revoke any Allotment he Hull make under the Authority of this Act, provided he shall have the Conftnr: of the Captain or other C rnimniuling Officer of the Ship in which he is Living for doing so; and on Notice to the proper Officer in the N: vy Office of Inch Revocation, finned by any such Warrant Officer, Petry Officer, Seaman, or Marine, attested by the Captain or other Commanding Officer, the ProDortion of Wa/ et which had been allotted fhTl be no longer paid or payable to the Father or Children respectively.

XV. 1 And whereas by the before recited Act pcILd in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty Kng George the Second, and in the Thirty-feeond Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for'explaining and amending the same, Inferior Offi ers and Seamen, and Non commiftnned Officers of Marines and Marines, in certain Cases therein mentioned, are empowered to remit their Wages to certain Relations therein ado mentioned; B it further matted, That in the Cases specified in the Lid lad.mentioned AS, every Petty Officer and Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines and Marine, shall be entitled to remit his Wages to any Child or Children of the Age of Eighteen Years and upwards, agreeably so the Dirctflons of the said Acts, to be payable in the same Manner as is prescribrd in the said Acts, and under the fame Forms, Limitations, and Restrictions as are therein contained for the Remittance and Payment of Wsges to other Re-lations; and in case the said Child or Children shall no' be of the Age of Eighteen Years, the Remittance ftn'l be made to some fit Person or Persons inhabiting the Parish where Inch Chud or Children may reside, for the Use and Benefic cf such Child or Children, wtio shall be approved by the Miuiller and Churchwardens or Churchwarden, Eiders or Eider of such Parish.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, when and so often as any Petty Offiuer or Seaman, Non-comm'flioned Officer of Marines or Marine, serving on board any Ship or Vessid in the Service of Plis Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall be promoted by any Commander in Chief, whde such Ship or Vessel shall be abroad, to be either a Lieutenant, Sub-Lieutenant, Mailer, Second Mailer, Surgeon, Assistant Surgeon, Boatswain, Gunner, Carpenter, Puffer, or a Commissioned Offi: er of Marines, then and in either of such Events, the C iptain or Commanding Officer of the Ship or Vessel in which the Petty Officer or Seaman, or Non-commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine shall be serving at the Time of such Promotion, shall at the same Time make out or cause to be made out, a Ticket for the Wages or Pay due to such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, certifying thereon that the Pcf n therein named has been actually promoted to the Station therein mentioned, and deliver such Ticket to him, which Ticket shall be called u a Piomotion Ticket, '* and shall be made out in the fame Foim, and conliil of the fame Particulars as are prescribed by the said last-mentioned Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reiga of His present Majesty, in regard to Foreign remove Tickets, and shall be paid in the same Manner as the said Foreign remove Tickets are therein required to be paid: and it shall be lawful to and for every Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, who shall obtain such Promotion Ticket, to fell and transfer the fame by Indorsement thereof j and the said Promotion Tickets so fold and transferred, shall be paid to the Indorsee thereof, in the Manner prefcished for the Payment of the said Foreign remove Tickets, in and by the said last-mentioned Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and the Signature for Receipt of the Person to whom such Promotion Ticket Hull have been made payable by iBdorfement, shall bf a sufficient Voucher to the Treasurer of the Navy, for the Payment of the Wage* due on such Promotion Ticket.

XVII.*And whereas the Regulations in the before-recited Acts passed in the Twenty-sixth and Thirty- feeond Years of the Reign of Plis present Majesty, respecting the Transm'lfion to the Tuafurer of the Navy,

of all L*.tt"n of Admiuiflrat'on, Probates of Wilis, or Letters cf Administration with Will annex' d, of or to

any Petty Of: i: er or Seaman, Non-comrrrfli >ned OlIi.tr of Marines or Marine, h ave not been found tfFcctual/ Be it further toadied, That from and after the passing of this Act, if any Prodlor, R-.gi'lrar, or o*hrr Offi.er of any EccLfiatlieal Court, Ihill deliver or cause to be delivered any Letttrs of Adnumltsation, Probate of Will, or Letters of Administration with Will annexed, to any other Person or Persons than the Treasurer or Pa) mailer of IPs M jtfly's Navy, in the Manner dirtdled by the said Two last mentioned A6L, such Prodlor, Registrar or other Offi.vr of Inch Eecldnstical Court so offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to the Use of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich; and if any Agent or Agents shall pay any Prize-Money due to a deceased Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, under any other Authority whatever than the Check directed by the Lid Adh to be issued by the said Inspector or Person authorized to c fficiate for him, such Payment shall be null and void; and the Agent or Agents, so paying the fame, shall forfeit for every and ca^h such Offence, a Sum of Money equal to the Amount of the Pnza Money so paid by him or them, to the Use of the said R; >yal Hofpual for Seamen at Gr : 'cnaoi: h.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Pera'tirs and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, shall be recovered with full Cods of Slit by Actijn of Debt, B d, Paint, or Information, in any of His M?j. fty'a Courts of Record in Great Britain, and be sued for in the Names of the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital at Greai'iL'i.h.

A.D. 1809.

49° GEORGII III.

109.

899

CAP. CIX.

An Act to repeal several Acts respecting the Woollen Manufacture, and to amend other Acts relating to the said Manufacture; and for allowing Persons employed in any Branch of the Woollen Manufacture to set up Trade in any Place in Great Britain.

[15th June 1809.]

WHEREAS certain Acts and Parts of Asti heretofore made from Time to Time for controlling the

Manufacturer in the making and felling of Woollen Cloth, are at this Day not only unnecessary, but

if enforced might be extremely injurious; and it is therefore expedient to repeal the fame; Be it therefore enacted, by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the L rds Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That a certain Act made in the Second Year of King Edward the Third, intituled, The fleasure and Af/fze of [Cloths of J Ray and of Colour; another Act made in the Thirteenth Year of King Richard the Second, intituled, The Cloths of certain Counties tacked and folded, Jhill not be put to Sale if ore they be opened-, another Act made in the Seventeenth Year of King Richard the Second, intitul'd. Every Perf on may male Cloth of what Length and Breadth he will; another Act made in the Eleventh Year of King Henry the Sixth, intituled, Of what Length and Breadth Cloths called Streits shall be; another Act made in the Seventh Year of King Edward the Fourth, intituled,

For Cloths made in the Hundreds of Lifton, Tavidock, and Rowbtirgh, in Devonshire; another Act made in the Firlf Yf-ar of King Richard the Third, intituled, The Length and Breadth ef Clothst and the Order of dying them and Wools, the Ability of the Aulnegcr, and what Cloths he may seal\ another Act made in the Fifth Year of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, An Act for the true making of Cloths in Devon called While Straits: another Act made in the Sixth Year of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, An Act concerning the making of certain Woollen Cloths in the County of Devon; another Act male in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, An Act to avoid Deceits in making of Woollen Cloths 3 another Act made in the Twenty-fifth Year of King Henry the Eighth, int'tuled, An Act for Clothiers in Worcesterfiirc; another Act mide in the Twenty-seventh Year of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, The Act for the true making of Cloth; another Act made in the Thirty-third Year of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, The Bill for folding of Cloths in North Wales; another Act made in the Tlrrd and Fourth Yeans of King Edward the Sixth, intituled,

An Act for the true making of Woollen Cloths; another Act made in the Fifth ai d Sixth Years i: f K'ug Edward the Sixth, int tilled, An Act for the true making of Woollen Cloth; another Act made in the Fifth and Sixth Year of King Edward the Sixth, intituled, An Act for putting down of Gig Mills % another Act made in the First Year of Queen Mary, intituled, An Act touching Cloth making in Corporate Towns and Market Towns: another Act made in the Second and Third Years of King Philip and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act touching Weavers', another Act made in the Second and Third Years of King Philip and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the sealing and viewing of Clothes commonly called Bridgewares; another Act mode in the Fourth and Fifth Year of King Phi ip and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act touching the making of Woollen Cloths; another Act made in the First Year of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the continuing the making of Woollen Clothes in divers Towns in the County of Essex; another Act made in the Twenty-third Year of Queen Elizabeth, intituled,

An Act for abo/Jhing of certain deceitful Stuff used in dying of Cloth, &c.; another Act made in the Twenty-seventh Year of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act touching the Breadth of White Woollen Clothes made within the Counties of Wilts, Giouceller, Somerset, and Oxon, £sV.; another Act made in the Tv/nuy-fevtnth Year of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act concerning the making of Woollen Clothes in the Counties of Devon and 27 Eliz. c. 18. Cornwall, called Plain White Straight and Pinned White Straight; another Act made in the Thirty-fifth

Year of Queen Elizabeth. intituled, An Act touching the Breadth of Plunkett. Azures and Blues, and other 35 Eliz. c. 9. coloured Clothes made within the Counties of Somt-r let and clf where of like making; another Act made in the Thirty*6fthTear ol Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the Riformation of fttndry Abus s in Clothes, called 35 Eli*, c. 10. Devonshire Kt rfies or Dozens, according to a Proclamation of the Thirty fourth 2\ar of the Reign of cur Save-reign Lady the Queen that now is; another Act made in the Thirty-nii th Year of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, 39 Eliz. c. 20. An Act against the deceitful Jlrdching and tentering of Northern Cloth; another Act passed in the Forty-third 4-] Eliz-c. 10. Year of Queen Elizaleth, intituled, An Act for the true making and working of Woollen Clothes', another Act made in the Fourth Year of King fames the Fiift, intituled, An Act for the true making of Woollen Cloth; 4jac. i. c. r. another Act made in the Twenty-first Year of Ivng fames the Firlf, intituled, An Act for Continuance of a former Act made in the Fourth Te r of the King's Mapfly's Reign of England, intituled, An Act for the true 21 Jac. 1. c. 18. making Woollen Cloths, and for some Additions and Alterations in and to the fame; another Act made in the Seventh Year of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the letter ascertaining the Lengths and Breadths of Woollen*Anne, c. in Cloth made in the County of York; another Act made in the Tenth Year of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for 10 Anne. c. 16. regulating, improving, and encouraging the Woolltn Manufacture of mint or medley Broatl Cloth, and for the better Payment of the Poor employed therein; and another Act made in the Firif Year of the Reign of King George the Firtf, intituled, An Act to make an Act of the Tenth 2'car of Her late Mi iffy. intituled, An Act for regulating, improving, and encouraging of the Woollen Manufacture of mixt or medley Broad Cloth, and for the better Payment of the Poor employed therein, more effectual for the Benefit of Trade in general; and aifu to render more effectual an Act of the Seventh 2'ear of Her said Mafjly's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better afee rtatning the Lengths and Breadth of IFcollcn Cloth made in the County of York; shall b'e and the same are htreby re pea td.

II. And be it further enacted, That lo much cf a certain other Act passed in the Twenty ftver.th Year of King Edward the Third, intituled, The Aulnegers Fees for every Cloth fold. Cloths shall he failed before they be put to Sale, a Subjnly granted to the King of every Cloth fold, as dirtfts that Cloths shall be f aUd before they be put to Sale: And lo much of a certain other Act made in the Fourth Year of King Edward the Fourth, intituled, The Length and Breadth of Cloths made to be sold, no Cloths wrought beyond Sea shall be brought into England, as diretw that every whole Woollen Cloth, called Broad CUth, and all Manner of Ciothi called

5 Z 2 Struts,

The so'lo^iryj Acts repealed, viz.

2 E. 3. r. J

1*3 K. a. it. 1. c. 11.

17 K. 2. c. 2.

11 H. (>. c. 9.

7 E. 4. c. 2.

1 ltd. c. 8.

5 H. 8. c. 2.

6 II. 8. C. 8.

6 H. 8. c. 9.

2."> II. 9. C. 18.

27 H. 8. c. 12. 33 H. 9. c. a.

3 & 1 E. 6. c. 2. 5 N r> E. 6. r. G. 5 KtfiE. ft, c. 02.

1 M.Sess. 3.

C. 7.

2 & 3 P. & M. c. 1 1

2 fc 3 P. Sc M.

C. 12.

4 R 3 P. & M.

c.

1 Eliz. C. 14.

23 Eliz. c. Q.

27 Eliz. c. l;

1 G. 1. ft. 2.

c. 15.

Parts ot c<TU; JSiatulr* rqx Ah'd. viz.

27 E. 3. ft. 1.

C. 4.

4 E. 4. C. I.

900 C. 109. 49° GEORGII III. A.D. 1809.

Streits, and every Cloth called Kersey, which shall respectively be made and set to Sale shall be of certain specified Lengths and Breadths respectively, with a certain Provision in a Case where the Cloth shall exceed the limited Measure, and that every Half Cloth of every of the said Whole Cloths, Streits and Kerfcya, shall keep his Measure in Length and Breadth, according to the Rate, Form, and Nature, of his Whole Cloth aforesaid; and thkt no Person which shall make any Woollen Cloth to fell, shall mingle or put in or upon the (kme Cloth, nor the Wool whereof the said Cloth shall be made, any Lambs* Wool, Flock or Cork in any Manner, under the Penalty therein mentioned, exerpt in particular Cases; and that every of the said Cloths and Half Cloths shall perfc&ly and rightly pursue and follow one Order of Workmanship from one End to the other, without Difference in the weaving, fulling, knotting, or burling; and that certain Seals shall be used and set upon the said Cloths for the Purpose of denoting the Workmanship, Length, Breadth, comparative Size, and other distinguishing Qualities for the federal Sorts of Cloth, and that Keepers of the said Seals shall be appointed and shall perform certain Duties, and such Keepers and Aulnegers shall be subject to Penalties for Offences therein mentioned; and that Clothmakers shall pay to Labourers in the said Trade lawful Money for their Wages, and dull deliver Woob to be wrought according to the faithful Delivery and due Weight thereof, under the Penalties therein mentioned; and that every Carder, Spinster, Weaver, Fuller, Sheerman, and Dyer, shall duly perform his Duty in his Occuoation; and that every Fuller in his Cr«, ft and Occupation of fulling, rowing, or tayf'elling, of Cloth, shall exercise and use Tayfells and no C-uda deceitful, y impairing the fame Cloth; and that Justices of Peace and cmain other Magistrates shall have Power to hear and determine certain Complaints c f every such Clothmaker and Labourer, and shall exercise their Jurisdiction in that Behalf in the Manner ther.in specified, and that such Justices or Magistrates shall have Jurisdiction over Parlous offending against that Ordinance, and that such Persons shall be subject to a Forfeiture, and that such Justices or Mag titrates (hill have certain Powers for excrcifwg their Jurisdiction in that Behalf: And so much of a certain other Act made in the F\frh Year of Queen Elizabeth) intituled, An Act containing divers Orders for Artificers, Labourers, Ser-j Elii. c. 4. $a. vants of Husbandry. and Apprentices, asdireds, that no Person shall be detained, hired, or taken into Strrice to work For ary left Time than for One whole Year in any of the Sciences, Crafts, Myden*, or Arts of Clothiers, Woollen Cloth Weavers, Tuckers, Fullers, Ciothworkers, Sheermen, or Dyers of Wool or Woollen Cloth; and that every Person bring unmarried, and every other Person being under the Age of Thirty Years, and having been brought up in any of the said Arts, Crafts, or Sciences, or that hath used or exercised any of them by the Space of Three Years or more, and not having Real or Personal Property of a certain specified Value, nor being retained with any Person in Husbandry, or in any of the Arts and Sciences according to that Statute, nor in any other Art or Science, nor in Household, or in any Office with any Nobleman, Gentlrman, or others, according to the Laws of this Realm, nor having a convenient Farm or other Holding in Tillage, whereupon he may employ his Labour, shall upon Request made by any Person using the Art or Mystery wherein the said Person so required hath been exercised (as is aforesaid) be retained, and shall not refuse to serve according to the Tenor of that Statute, upon the Pain and Penalty thereafter mentioned; and that no Person dwelling in any City or Town Corporate, using or exercising any of the Myftcritsor Crafts of a Clothier, that doth or shall put Cloth to making and Sale, shall take any Apprentice or Servant to be mllru&ed or taught in any of the Arts, Occupations, Crafts, or Myfleres which he doth use or exercise, except such Servant or Apprentice be his Son, or else that the Father and Mother of such Apprentice or Servant shall have Freehold §29. Property of a certain Amount; and that no Person dwelling in any such Market Town, using or exercising the Feat, Mystery, or Art of a C othier, that doth or shall put Cloth to making and Sale, ftvdl take any Apprtn* t; ce, orin anywise teach or inllruft any Person in the Art, S.itner, cr My ft cry bit before recited, exerpt such Servant or Apprentice shall be hi- Son, or else that the Father or Mother of such Apprentice shall have Freehold §31. Property of a certain annual Value; and that no Person shall set up, occupy, life, or exercise any Craft,

Myllcry, or Occupation then used or occupied within the Realm of England or JVa'es. except he shall have

hern brought up therein Seven Years at the lead as an Apprentice in Manner and Form in the said last recited Act mentioned, nor fhril frt ary Person on w*ork in such Mystery, Art., or Occupation, except he shall have been Apprentice as is aforesaid, or else having served as an Apprentice shall become a Journeyman, or be hired by the Year, so far only as the said last mentioned Provision respects Persons employed in any of the Crafts, Myllcrie, or Occupations of Clothiers, Woollen Cloth Weavers, Tuckers. Fullers, Ctothwcrkers, Sheermen, § nj. cr Dyers of Wool or Woollen Cloth; and that all Perl ns that shall have Three Apprentices in any of the said Crafts, Mysteries, or Occupations of a Ciothmaker, Fuller, Sheerman, or Weav: r, (hill retain ard keep One Journeyman, and for every other Apprentice above the Number of Three Apprentices One other Journeyman; aJir. l. c. 16. and so much of a certain other Act passed in the Third Year of King fames the First, intituled, An Act for the

3, 4. Repeal of one AB made in the Fourteenth Tear of Queen Elizabeth'/ Reign, concerning the Length of Kersies, iS

directs that Ktrfics, commonly called Ordinary Kersies, and that Kd lies called Sorting Kersies, shall not exceed respectively a certain Length, and shall be respectively of a certain Weight according to the Length, and if any Kerfics shall either exceed the prescribed Lenpth or fall short of the prescribed Weight, then every Person that shall make the fame for Sale dialI be fuhjtd to the Forfeiture thtrrin mentioned, aaid that eve»y Person felling or trading in any such Kersey shall pav a Ctiftnm and Subsidy after a specified Kate; and so much of a 13 G. l. c. 23# certain other Act pafkd in the Thi'teenth Year of King George the First, int'tuled, An Act for the letter Regulation of the Woollen ManufnBure, and for preventing Difiputts among the Per fats concerned therein, and for limiting a 'lime for prnfecuting for the Forfeiture appointed by an Act of the Twelfth Year of His Majesty's Reign, in case of 5 Payment of the Workmen's Wages in any other Manner than in Money, as dire As that no Clothier or Maker of Woollen Cloths, Druggets or other Woollen G lods, or Goods mixed with Wool, shall use any Ends of Yam, Wests, or other Refule of Cloths, Druggets, or other Woollen Goods, or Goods mixed with Wool, (Flocks and Pinions only excepted) by working the fame up again into any Sorts of Goods whatsoever, under a certain i lo — n. Penalty; and that every Owner of Tentor or Tentore, Rack or Racks for such Cloth) within the Counties of

Gloucester,

G1

71

M

JiM

\s n, CH

i fl JW

Ito tl !*C

Hi k!

ui it

nC

lii 01

1 e rt

L n

*/rv

: /.*ft tit Perl 3.1 c? C, ic ?crbn who 11 »y c

Deem by Li train

IV.

five a Scaled ' V.

1 hate

1 laid thici'aiihti ' a» thf'hat a 1 fith1; nth

toed; iecit C. 0! t; .a

*1:

Ci,

n

*1

'f

1

Li

A.D. 1809.

49° GEORGII III.

C. 109.

901

5G. 3. C. 5K

§ 23.

Act shall Qot

avoid Coni racks of Aj>pren-ticeship.

not required. A(^ thall not revive any Act rt-ptale'l.

Ghocester, Wilts, and Somerset, shall measure such Tentor or Tentor* Rack as shall be made use of for tentering or racking such Cloth, and mark the true Length of Yards of each Tentor or Rack thereon, in the Manner particularly directed by the said last recited Act, and under the Penalty therein mentioned; and that the Justices of the Peace for the Counties aforesaid shall appoint Infpiftors, with a certain Salary to each of them, and with certain Duties and Powers particularly pointed ou* by the said last recited Act; and that any Clothier or Maker of any such Cloth, or ant Millman or other Person within the Counties aforesaid, shall incur a Penalty for refuting Entrance to any such Inspector, and that any such Inspector, aft; ng against his O <th shall forfeit twenty Pounds 5 and that every Maker of mixed or medley Woollen Broad Cloth within the C »untiea aforesaid, shall pay to the Inspector the Sum of Two*pence per Cloth for every such Cloth he shall make before the Cloths arc sent avray from the Mill; and the said Inspector shall pay the Money so received into the Hands of the Treasurer of the County, to be applied towards the Salaries of Inlptftors to be appointed by virtue of the said last recited Act; and that any Millman within the Counties aforesaid, fending Home to any Clothier or Maker of Cloth, any such Cloth or Cloths as aforesaid. before they are inspedUd and measured as aforesaid shall for every Piece of Cloth so sent Home forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings; and so much of a certain other Act passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing several Laws relating to the Manufacture of Wollen Cloth in the County of York, and also so much of several other Laws as prescribes particular Standards of Width and Length of such Woollen Cloths, and for fuljlituting other Regulations of the Clotty Trade within the West Riding of the said County, for preventing Frauds in certifying the Contents of the Cloth, and for preferring the Credit of the said AIam failure at the Foreign Market, as directs that if any Person or Persons within the said West Riding of the Lid County shall ule or cause to be used in drelling of Cloth any Cards made with Wire or with Teeth of Iron or any other Metal whatsoever, every such Person or Persons so using the same shall for every such Offence forfeit Forty Shillings; shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall annul or make void any Contract of Apprenticeship whereby any Person shall have bound or shall bind himself as an Apprentice in any of the said Crafts, Mysteries, or Occupations of the Woollen ManuLfture, for any Period allowed by Law: Provided always, that such Apprenticeship shall not be required as a previous Qualification for ex- Apprenuccffiip ercifing any Branch of the Woollen Manufacture, tither as a Master or a Journeyman.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herring contained shall be construed to revive any Act repealed by any of the Acts or Parts of Asti hereby repealed, but the same shall continue repealed as if this Act had not been male.

V.*And whereas Persons who have been educated and employed in the manufacturing Woollen Cloth

have expressed Apprehensions, that in consequence of the Use of certain Machinery being allowed in the said Manufactory, and of the Repeal cf that Part of the Statute of the Fifth Year of Queen Elizabeth which respects Apprentices in the fame, the Employment of many of the said Persons is likely to be dimi-

nished: And whereas in that Event many of them mat be willing to employ themselves in such other Trades

as they are or may become apt to follow and make use of for the getting their Living by their own Labour,

but are or may be hindered from exercising those Trades in certain Cities and Corporations and other Peaces

within Great Britain, because of certain Bye-Laws and Customs of those Place?, or of the said iStatute made persons in the Fifth Year of Queen Elizabeth; for Remedy whereof, Be it enacted, That all such Persons who have jinve <Vrve<l served an Apprenticeship to any Branch of the Woollen Manufacture, or who are by Law entitled to use a id exercise the fame, and also the Wives acd Children of such Person?, may set up and exercise such Trade, or any other Trade or Business which they are aot and able for in any Town or Place within Great Britain, without any Let, Suit, or Mediation of ^ny Person or Persons whatsoever, for or by reason of the using of such Trade: nor shall any such Person?, or their Wives or Children, during the Time they (hell exercise such Trade?, be removeable from such respective Place or Places to hi?, her, or their last legal P ace of Settlement, by virtue of any Law now in being relative to the Settlement of the Poor, until such Person or Persons shall become actually chargeable to such Parish or Place; and if any such Person, or the Wife or Child of any such Person, shall be sued, impleaded, or indicted in any Court w hatsoever within this Kingdom, for using or exercising any such Trade as aforesaid, then the said Person, or the Wife or Child of any Inch Person, making it appear to the fame Court where they are so sued, impleaded, or indicted, that they have served a legal Apprenticeship to the said Trade as aforesaid, or that he, she, or they, is or are the Wife or Wive?, Child or Children, of such Pe son or Persons who shall have so served a legal Apprentic: (bip as aforesaid, shall upon the General Issue pleaded be found Not Guilty in any Plaint, Bill, Information, or Indictment exhibited agandt them; and such Persons who, notwithstanding his Act, shall prosecutethe fa d Suit by Bib, Plaint, Information, or Indictment, and shall have a Verd'ft pass against him, or become norfuit therein, or discontinue their said Suit, such Person or Persons shall pay unto such Persons who have served an Appenticeftiip to, or who may be entitled to exercise any Branch of the Woollen Manufacture, or the Wife or Child of such Person respectively.

Double Costs of Suns to be recovered as any other Costs at Common Law may be recovered; and all Judge* and Juries, before whom any such Suit, Information, or Indictment shall be brought and all other Persons whatsoever, are to take Notice of this present Act, and shall conform themselves thereto, any Statute,

Law, Ordinance, Custom, or Provision to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, Town, or Place where any such Person, or his Wife or Child, shall set up and exercise any Trade as aforesaid, to cause him or her to be summoned before them in the Town or Place where he or she shall set up and exercise such Trade as aforesaid, in order to make Oath of the Place of his or her last legal Settlement (which Oath the said Justices are hereby empowered to administer), and such Person, or his Wife or Child, is hereby directed to obey such Summons, and to make Oath accordingly, and such Justices are hereby required

to

Apprenticeship to any Branch of the Woollea Manufactures, and (heir Wivci and Famihra, mav set U| and exercise any Trade m auy Place in <Great Britain, ^c.

Such Person* may he fuvrn by Two Justices a* to the Place of their last betL*-meot.

CV*pY of Oult

HKiy hr triulrml l>) lYrfons i'lmm nird a fecuiwi Time.

Aft fluM not ex-ton, I to t'nivrr-litirs ol (\nn-

bri<l^r and (Jxiord:

Nor to London.

40 G. 3. C. 32.

The Duty of Sixpence under rt'<*irccl Act shall Ih* charged for every Twenty Shi ill n; rs of the yearly Value of all Salaries &t.

4d G.3 C. 55.

44 G. 3. C. 05.

In Cases where Forties , !».

aUeiit or Jtioa

C. 109 — 112. 49 GEORGII III. A.D. 1809.

to Rive an attested Copy of such Affidavit so made before them, to the Person making the same, in order that he or she rrny produce it when required, which attelLd Copy shall at any Time be admitted ai Evidence a? to such lad legal Settlement, before any of Ilia Mjjedy's Juliices of the Peace at any General or Quarter Sessions of

tii.' Peace.

VII. Provided always, That in case any such Person or his Wife or Child shall again be summoned to make Oith as aforesaid, then on such attdfed Copy of the Oath by him or her formerly taken being produced by h m or her, or by any other Person on h; s Behalf, Inch Person or his Wife or Chi d ffi*ll not be obliged to take any other or further Oath with regard to his or her legal Settlement, but shall leave 1 Copy of such attested Copy of his or her Examination, if r-quired.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act shall not in any w; f; be prejudicial to the Privileges of the Univer(itit9 of Cambridge and Oxford, or eirhtr of them; or extend to give Liberty to any Person to set up the Trade of a Vintner, or to (til any Wine or other Liquors within the said Universities without Licmce fir(1 had and obtained from the Vice-Chanctllor of the fame rtfpc&tvcly.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or he coudrued to extend to the city ol London, or to alter the Laws and Customs relative to Apprentices in the Bid City.

CAP. CX.

An Act to rectify aMifhkein an Act made in this Session of Parliament, for continuing and making perpetual several Duties of One Shilling and Sixpence on Offices and Employments.

[, 5|, h June 1809.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the present Stfinn of Parliament intituled, An Act for continuing 1 V \ and making perpetual several Duties of One Shilling and Sixpence, repealed by an /1st of the last Sr/fion of

Parliament, on Offices and Employments of Profit, and on Annuities, Pmfions, and Stipends, and thereby granted for One 2 ear, to the Twenty-fifth Day of March One t hot find eight hundred and nine: And whereas the Duty

' of Sixpence, charged in the said recited Act (or and upon all Snaries, Fees, and Wares payable for and m

respect of Offices of Profit grimed by or derived from the Crown, which, before the passing of the said re-

cited Act, had been r*ted or affiffid in Manner therein aforrfairi, and for and upon all Petition* and Annuities charged upon the Revenue of Great Britain, over and above all other Duties before the pafii"g of the said recred A 6! charged or payable, is chargeable and ought to have been charged for every Twenty Shillings of 1 the Yearly Value or Amount thereof respt dpvely; Be it therefore enz&ed a-d declared, by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Common?, in tbs present Parliament alT mbled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Duty of Sixpence in the said recited Act and the Schedule thereto annexed, mentioned, is and shall be charged and chargeable for every Twenty Shillings of the Yearly Value or Amount of all such Salaries, Fees, and Wages payable for or in respt£l of Offices of Profit, granted by or derived from the Ciown, which, before the pa (Tug of the said recited Act, were rated or affifTed in Manner therein mentioned, and for and upon a*i Pen lions and Annuities charged upon the Revenue ot Great Britain, over and above allother Duties before the paHing of the said recited Act! charged and payable.

CAP CXI.

An A<f! to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, an Act of the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Publick Expenditure, and the Condu£!of the Publick Business in the Military Departments therein mentioned.

[15th June 1809.]

14 G. 5. c. 47. (lall continued by 48 G. 3. c. 61.) further continued to 25 March 181J.

CAP. CXII.

An A<f! to amend an Act passed in the Forty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, to provide for the Defence of the Realm, with respect to the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments for the Publick Service.

[15th June 1809.]

WHEREAS an Act osflVd in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of H'S prefert Maptly, intitulcds An Act to enable His ALjefiy more effectually to provide for the Defence and Security of the Realm during the prefint I Par; and for indemnifying Persons who may suffer in their Property, by fufio Alcajures as may

be necessary for tLot Purpos t And whereas another Act passed in the Forty-fourth Yv-ar of trie Rc.gn of

Hix prcltnt Map(ly intituled, An Act to amend certain of the Provisions of an Act made in the Forty-third

2 ear oj H: s present Majesty, to enable His Alajfly to provide for the Defence and Security of the Realm, which

respect the PurcL.fr of Lands and Hereditaments for the Publick Service: And whereas D ffi julliei have occurred

in the giving ot Notices, in Cases wher; Persons abient, or Persons chiming Rights of Common, are in-

ttrelied in Laud?, Tencmmts, or Hereditaments, proposed to be taken under the said lait recited Act for the Put-lick Service: ' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacte 1; and be it

rn?6t d by the King's mott Excel ent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in all Cates where any Persons who shall be interciled in aoy Lande, Tenement?, and Hereditaments, propos d

to

A.D. 1809.

49° GEORGII III.

C. 112, T13.

9°3

to be taken tinker the said last recited Act, shall be absent or cannot be found, and in all Cases where the Interest claimed by any Person or Persons in any tuch Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, shall confill of any Rights of Common thereon, it shall be sufficient that the Notice of such Lands having been marked out for the Publick Service shall be affixed upon the Church Door of the Parish wherein the iaiu Lands, Tenemer ts and Hereditaments are (minted, Three successive Sundays before Morning Service, and shall be published in Three succeeding Weeks, One Day in each Week, in feme N^wfpaper usually circulated in the County or Puce wherein the Lid Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments are situated; and in case any such absent Persons or Commoners shall for the Space of Fourteen Days after the Lit Day of such Notice being so affixed as aforesaid, and after the lait Publication thereof as aforesaid, rtfufe or neg eft to treat or agree, or be by Abfnce or o: herwife prevented from treating or agreeing with the General Officer or other Person duly authorized in Manner dirtfted by the said recited Act of the Forty-fourth Year aforesaid, for a Comper.fation for their respective Rights and Interdls in such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, then and in such Case His Majesty's Officer* shall be put into PofLfiion of Inch Lands. Tenement0, and Hereditaments, if not then in Posstflion, and a Jury shall be summoned, and such further Proceedings shall be had for the Purpose of finding the C >mpensation to be paid to such absent Persons or Commoner?, for their resp*ft; vc Rights ard IntereiL in such Lands, Tenements, cr Hereditaments, with such Power of Appeal from any Verdict of any such Jury, as by the said recited Act of the Forty-fourth Year aforesaid is dirt ft.*d.

II. And be it further enacted, That all Rules, Regulations, Clauses, Matter?, and Thing?, contained in the Lid recited Act of the Forty-fourth Year aforesaid (\1nlef9 hereby altered) shall be in force in relation so this Act, and shall be conlirued herewith in ail Respects as if the fame were inserted htrciu and formed a Part thereof.

Right of (om-mon in respect to Lauds marked out lor sublick Service, Notice may he fixed on I hufeh Doors: and il Parlies do not arree in 14 D.v s, 1'offeffion shall be given, or a Jury summoned to afect- tain the Compensation, as under 44 G. 3. c. 03. §6.

Powers of 44 G. 3. 0. 95. extended to this A cl.

CAP. CXIII.

An Act for better regulating the Office of Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia.

[15th June 1809.]

WHEREAS the Regulations by Law establiOicd in the Offices of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, of the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy, and of the Treasurer of the Ordnance, for the iffinng and

Payment of Publi.'k Monits rt quired for Army and Navy Services, have been found beneficial; and it is expedient

that Regulations for the like Purposes should be established by Law in the Office of the Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia f Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act the said Agent General for Volunteer* and L^cal Militia shall be and is hereby authorized and empowered to apply to the Treasury for Monty for the different Services to which he may have been or shall be authorized to i ft as Agent General in the same Manner as the Monits required for such Services have hitherto been applied for by the Paymasters General of His MajrUy's Force?.

II. And be it further enacted, Tint the Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia shall from Time to Time submit to the Secretary at War Statements of all his Receipts and Payments, applicable to each separate Head of Service, and that the Secretary at War for the Time being shall cause such Statements to be checked by the Bonks in his Department, and shall approve of and authorize the Application for inch further Sums for the said Services as he may deem proper, by Letter addressed to the said Agent General, in which Letter the Secretary at War shall specify for what particular Service or Services the said Money is wanted, and the Lid Agent General for the Time being shall, in all Memorials to be by him presented to the Treasury for Money for such Services, pray that such Sum as is required may be ifiutd to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England) on his Account, and shall transmit with each Memorial a Copy of the Letter or Letters from the Secretary at War, and the Commiflkners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, by their Letter from Time to Time shall dm ft the Auditor of the Exchequer to issue to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on account of the Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia, naming such Agent General for the Time being, the Sum for which such Letter shall be drawn upon the unfatrsfied Order at the Exchequer, in favour of the said Agent Grrnrd, for which the Receipt of the Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company shall be a sufficient Ddcharge; and all Sums for which such Letters of the Commissioners of His MajestyL Treasury shall be drawn, shall be issued from the Exchequer to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and not to the Agent General for Volunteers and Local Mditia, and shall be placid to the Accounts in the Books of the Lid Governor and Company, for the particular Service to which the fame may be applicable, wh ch Accounts shall be entitled, " The Account of the Agent General for Volunteers, " The Account of the Ag-r t General for Local Militia, " and The Account of the A*ent General for the Militia and Defence Acts, " inferring the Name of such Agent General for the Time being in each of them respectively.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Fees whatever shall be paid at the Exchequer or Treasury by reason of the Trans: ft; ons aforesaid, beyond the Amount of what hath been usually paid upon Imprefis and Accounts hitherto made, according to the former Cutlom of transacting Business between the Exchequer, Pny Office, and Bank severally.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia for tue Time being, by him ft If or his Deputy, or the Person or Persons in his Office, duly authorized by the said Agent General, to accept all such Bills, Draft?, or Order?, which shall be drawn upon him by any Officers of Volunteers or Local MTtia, or other Persons duly authorized by the Secretary at War, payable at the Bank of England; and every such Bill or Draft shall specify the particular Head of Service to which

J the

Atrent General shall apply to Treasury for Money for the different Sendees,

and submit to S< on tary at War Statements of hi) Receipts and Payments, who shall cheque the lame and authorize the Application far further Sums lor such Services; which Money flail he paid iut« die Bank.

Only usual Fee*. Audi be puid.

Jhlls draw n on An< nt by Officer* lht.f be accepted, ptable at the /'auk; an i ff.all fj ccify the par*

tictJar Scriiccf

9°4

Secretary at W'ar may empower Agent Cjentral to ilr.ivr on the Bank ior Salaries, &c.

A^ent General shall keep

Aero«mw »rith the Baak.

All Morey

receive* 1 for Publick Services shall he paid into iht Bank.

Balances of Publick Money shall be liaied l»y A?ent General to <he Treasury mouildy.

On Death or Removal of any A"€M General, Balances shall Tell in his Successor.

A erornts of Airent (general flull he trani-mitted to Auditor's Office, kc.

Books of Accounts and Vouchers shall beltm" 10 the Othee of the A'ietJt General, for the time being.

Forcing Drafts in die [Name of the Airent Get* ral, .<c. lVlonv h iiliout Clcr^.

C. 113. 49° GEORGII III. A.D. 1809.

the Sum therein mentioned is to he applied, and no Bill or Draft so accepted, (halt be deemed a sufficisot Voucher to the said Governor and Company. unlcTs the Service for which it is drawn is specified thereon, and \u I .fa it shall be r&ually paid by the fa: d Governor and Company, and the Monies so to be issued to the said Governor and Company on account of the said Agent General, shall not be paid out of the Bank unless for the Publick Services, for which his separate Accounts are opened, and in pursuance of Bdis or Drafts drawn upon the said A^ent General and accepted as aforesaid, on which shall be specified the Heads of Service to which the Sums therein mentioned are to be applied, and which Drafts or Bills so drawn and accepted shall be sufficient Authority to the Bank of England to pay such Money to the Person or Persons mentioned in such Drafts or Bills, or to their Order or Orders according to the usual CoUrfe in reipeA to Bills of Exchange.

V. Provided always, and be it further ena£b?d, That it shall be lawful for the Secretary at War, from Time to Tune to authorize and empower the said Agent General to draw on the Bank of England for such Sums as the Secretary at War shall deem proper, for the Payment of the Salaries and Allowacces to the Persons employed in his Office, and for such Sums a3 shall be neerfihry for Payments on his petty Accounts, sad the said A^cnc General is hereby due died to draw diltindl and separate Drafts for each of the said Services, and to keep a separate Account thtreof.

VI. And be it further enaCLd, That the said A rent General for the Time being shall keep Accounts with the Bank of England of all Moines issued or directed to be paid to him for Publick Services; and the said Agent General, observing the Rules and Regulations hereby prefertbed, shall not be answerable for any Money which he shall not actually receive, or which (had not be actually drawn for by him, or pa; d upon the Dills accepted by him or his Deputy, or other Person or Persons authorised by him as aforesaid; and the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall be answerable for all the Monits which shall be i&ually received by them for such Publick Service*.

VII. And be it further enacted, That ail Sums of Money received by the said Agent General for Publick Services, shall be immediately paid by him into the Bank of England, and placed to his Account there in Manner aforesaid; and such Money shall be issued, pdd, and applied in such and the like Manner, and under the fame Regulations and Restrictions as the Money to be issued from the Exchequer for such Services is herein directed to be issued, paid, and applied.

VIII. 4 And, in order that the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury may have frequent Knowledge of the Balance of Csfhin the Hands of the Governor and Compaoy of the Bank of England, on account of the Agent General for Volunteers and Lncal Militia, and thereby be enabled to judge of the Necrflity and Propriety of further Issues, and prevent the unnecessary Accumulation of Publick Money in the Hands of the said Governor and Company/ Be it enacted, That in the First Memorial presented every Month, or oftener, if required, to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury by the Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia for the Time being, for a Supply of Money for Publick Services, such Ai?ent General or his Deputy shall insert in the Body of such Memoiial the Sum total of the Balance of Pubbck Money on account of the Agent General, in the Hands of the Governor and Company, together with an Account of all the Claims and outstanding Drafts or Bills with which such Balance is chargeable, and to which it is to be applied.

IX. And be it further enacted, that upon the Death, Resignation, or Removal of any Ageut General for Volunteers and Local Militia, the Balance of C*(h for which he shall at that Time have Credit on his Account or Accounts, as Agent General, with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall, as soon as a Successor shall be appointed, a&uady vest in such Successor, in trull for the Publick Services for which the fame were issued, and shall forthwith be transferred, carried over, and placed to the Account of such Successor, to be applied to the said Services in the Manner herein before direct d, and the succeeding Agent General shall, and he is hereby directed and required to submit Statements to the Secretary at War, and from his Memorials and Requihtions to the Treasury, and to accept Bills as aforesaid for all unsatished Charges and -demands on account of Publick Services, although the same shall have accrued in the Time of any preceding i/Vgent General.

X. And be it further enacted, That all such Accounts of the Agent General for the Time being shall be transmitted, with proper Vouchers, to the Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts, who, fln»l and they are hereby directed and required, with the italt possible Delay, after the Receipt thereof, to examine or cause to be examined the said Accounts, and if found satisfactory to present or cause to be presented the same to the proper Officer or Officers for Declaration, and when the same are declarrd, a Quietus or Acqu ttance in the usual Form shall be made out to the Agent or Agents General, whole Accounts shall have been so declared, his or their Heirs, Executor*, or Admimifrators.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all Books of Accounts, and all Vouchers whatever kept in the Offices of Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia shall belong to the said Office, and shall not be at the Disposal of the Aeent General to take and difpgfe of the same as his private 2nd proper Books of Account and Vouchers; provided that nothing herein shall extend to prevent any Person who hath exereftd the Olfire of Agent General, or his or their Executors or Administrators, by hi.life If or themselves, oi by any Person or Persons authorized by him or them, from taking Copies or Extracts thereof until an Acquittance in the Exchequer shall be made out for such Agent General, his Heirs, Executor?,nd Admin llratora, nor the Tranlmifliun of thx Vouchers in due Time to the Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall knowingly and wilfully so: ge or counterfeit, or cause or Drocure to be forged or counterfeited# or knowingly or wilfully act or aflill in forging or counterfeiting the Name or Hand of the Agent General for the Time being, or his Deputy, or the Person or Persons duly authorized as aforesaid, to any Draft, Instrument, or Writing whatsoever, for or in order to the receiving or obtaining any of the Money io the Hands or Custody of the Governor and Company of the

Bank

A.D. 1809. 49° GEORGII III. C. 113, 114.

Bank of England, on account of the Agent General for the Volunteers and Local Militia, and shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be (orged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully act or assist in the forging or counte'feiting any Draft, Instrument, or Writing, in Form of a Draft, made by such Agent General or his Deputy, or the Person or Persons authorized as aforesaid, or shall utter or publish any such, knowing the hmc to be forged or counterfeited, with an Intentin to defraud any Person whomsoever, every such Person or Persons so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be, and is and are hereby declared and adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy. u 48 G. 3. c. 11 r. §50. 48 G. 3. c. 150. $ 57. directing Fines to be paid into the Bank to the Account of

" the Paymaster of the Fonya, repealed. §13.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Paymaster General to cause any Sum or Sums of Money arising from Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures under the said recited Act passed in the la ft Session of Parliament which shall have been or shill be received by him or paid to the Bank of England on his Account, to be transferred or paid over to the separate Account of-ned at the Bank of England, in the Name of the Agent General for Volunteers ard Local Militia, and by so doing the said Paymatler General shall be and is hereby fully discharged for the Amount of the Sum which may have been or shall be so transferred or paid over by him as aforesaid: And from and after the passing of this Act all Fine6, Penalties, and Forfeitures arising under the said reci'td Acts which may have been or shall be received by any Clerk of Sub-division or other Mutiny*, shall, within Twenty one Days after the Receipt thereof, be paid into the Ceparate Account in the Bank of England, in the Name of the Agent General for Volunteers and Local M litia, in the Line M<mner, and under the same Rules and Regulations, and subject to the fame Prmlions, Cl'aufts, and Penalties so far as is confident with the Provffious of this Act as are contained or prescribed in the said recited Acts with respect to the Payment of Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures directed to be made to the Account of the Piymaster General; and all such Sums of Money so transferred or paid into such Account of such Agent General shall be applied in the same Manner as if the fame had been issued from the Exchequer to such Account.

XV. And be it further enacted, That so mucl. of the said recited Acts as direct that the Clerk of Subdi-v; fton or other Meetings shall draw upon the PaymaHrr General of His Mqelty's Forces for the Amount of the Bounties payable under the said recited Acts to Perl* n« transferring themselves from Volunteer Corps or voluntarily enrolling thrmselves into the Local Militia shall be and is hereby repealed.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, all such Bills or Drafts on account of Bounties as aforesaid, shall be dra»vn upon the Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia, and shall he by him accepted agreeably to such Regulations as may from Time to Time be issued by the Secretary at War for the Time being.

Bills for Bounties and Payments of Fines already accepted declared legal. §17.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act or any other Act or Acts of Parliament shall extend to repeal or alter any Provision in the said recited Acts, by which Accounts are required to be furniftnd by the Clerks of Subdivision or other Meetings, or Penalties are itiflided for their neglecting duly to tracsmit the fame, or for unlawfully retaining Money in their Hands.

CAP. CXIW

An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Three Millions for the Service of Great Britain.

[1 5th June 1809.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

4 TTT£ Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subject9, the Common3of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, having taken into our moll serious Consideration Your Majesty's most Graciou8 Message, signifying that the ancient Relations of Good Understanding and Friendship between Your Majesty and the Emperor of Audria have been happily restored, and have been confirmed by Treaty, and that although the Provisions of the said Treaty do not include any Stipulation for pecuniary Assistance, Your Majesty is nevertheless desirous of being enabled to afford to His Imperial Majesty, such Assistance of that Description as may be called for by the Circumstances of the Contest in which H'S Imperial Majesty it engaged against the common Enemy, and as can he furnished by Your Majesty confidently with the other extended Demands upon the Rtfources of Your Majesty's Dominions; and that Your Majesty is equally desirous of continuing to the Spanjb Cause, such Succours as may be req-ciftte for sustaining and assisting the Efforts of that Nation against the Tyranny and Usurpation of France, as well as of giving Conliitency f and Effect to the Exertions of the People of Portugal, for the Defence of ihtir lawful Government and National Independence; and that Your Majesty is therefore desirous of being enabled to provide for th'ffe*Objt&s, and to take such other Measures as the Exigency of Affairs may require, and do therefore mill humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be cuadt.d, &c.

Treasury may issue Exchequer Bills for 3, 000, 000l. in Manner directed by 48 G. 3. c. I. Chargeable on the First. Supplies of next Session. §1 — 3. Interest on such Bills not exceeding g^d, per Cent per Diem. §4. 4' Such Bills may be taken in Payment of the Revenue, &c. after stprii, 3, 18jo. § J. Bank may advance 41 SjOOOOjOco/. on Credit of this Act. §6.

905

IVmaster shall cautc all Sums already paid in to be transferred to Account of Agent General.

All such Fines Hull in future be p.iid to Account, of the Agent. General.

Instead of Draft for Bounties on Pawnalter General,

[AVe 4S G. 3. c. 111. § .'6.] such Draft shall he drawn on die A^rui Genual.

Arc«xint» shall

continue to be furnished by Qetks of Meetings.

[»SYr 4S G. 3. c.l 11. §3/, «S^ C.]

6 A

49 Geo. III. A.D. 1809.

906

Further Extension of Relief in Caf»*8 where the Vriloners have been in Custody £ or IQ Years.

Proof of the Truth of Ob-

A# shall not extend to Prisoner remanded to Prison under any Insolvent Act, for ruudole utiy obtaining Money, 8tc.

Nor to Perfbu* charged in fcxecuuou for

C. 115. 49° GEORGII III.

CAP. CXV.

An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors in England* [19th June 1809.]

WHEREAS it may be convenient in the present crowded State of the Prisons and Gaols in England9YV and Wales, that some of the Prisoners confined therein, truly surrendering their Effects to their

Creditors, should be liberated, and enabled to pursue their different Profcflions and Occupations j* Be it therefore enacted, &c.

41 Gaolers shall make out Lists of Prisoners in their Custody, on February 1, 1809, and deliver the same to the 99 Quarter Sessions, &c. §1. Such Lilts shall be delivered on Oath in open Court, and shall be kept by Clerk of the Peace, and examined gratis. §2. Copy of Lifts shall be fixed up in Prisons, before Delivery to the Session?. §3. Prisoners in Custody on 1 February, 1809, for Debts not exceeding 2, ooool. shall be dif-99 charged on conforming to the Act. $ 4.

V. 4 And whereas many honest but unfortunate Persons whose Debt9 exceed the Sum of Two thousand9 Pounds, although willing to surrender their Effects for the Benefit of their Creditor, have been confined in9Gaol many Years, and but for the Interpolation of the Legislature will be doomed to perpetual Iraprison-9 ment; Be it therefore enacted, 5cc.

9i Persons charged in Execution on x July, 1809, with Debts not exceeding 300c/. and having been confined for Five Years previous to this Act; and Persons so charged with Debts to any Amount having been confined 99 for Ten Years, shall be discharged on conforming to the Ad. §5. Justices may, on Prisoners delivering 99 Schedules, issue Warrants to bnug them to the Quarter Session?. §6. For holding a Special Session. §

99 Schedules shall remain with Clerk, of the Peace. §8. Debtors intending to apply for D-scharge, shall give u Notices in the London Gazette, &c. j 9. Debtors shall deliver Schedules to the Gaoler, previous to the 9t First Notice* { 10, tx. Debtors proving that Notices have been given, shall in open Court deliver ia 99 Schedules of their Effects on Oath. §12. Schedule and Oath to be subscribrd by the Debtors. Court, 9t at the Request of Creditors, may examine Gaolers on Oath. §13. Estates and Effects of Debtors discharged, shall be vested in the Clerk of the Peace, who shall assign the same to such Creditors as the Court 99 shall dirf& in trust to get in Debts, and make Dividends. § J4. Creditors for Annuities payable at any 49 future Time shall receive Dividends as under a Commission of Bankruptcy, } 15. All Estates of Debtors, 99 though not inserted in the Schedule, shall be veiled in Clerk of the Peace. §16. Holders of Securities 99 without Consideration, not entitltd to claim as Creditors. §17. Estates shall remain vested in the Clerk of the Peace for the Time being. § x8. No Suit in Law or Equity shall be sued by Assignees 99 without Consent of the Majority of the Creditors. §19. Schedules shall be produced by the Clerk of the Peace to Creditor?. The Debtor's Right alone to be affected by this Act. §20. Mortgages shall take rr place of Debts of an inferior Nature. $ 21. Power of leafing Lands, See. vested in Assignee*. §22. 44 Gaoler, on Requrst of Creditor, to be sworn concerning the Custody and Comcnitment of Debtor?. 91 §23, 24. At the Request of Creditors, Gaolers may be examined on Gath at the Session9 touching Coro- mitments. Penalty on Gaolers, Sheriffs, &c. disobeying Orders of Justices, Six Months' Imprisonment, &c. 44 §24. Penalty on Gaoler and Printer of London Gazette or Newspaper not complying with the Rtgu'ations of this Act 10ol. §25. Punishment of Gaolers for Perjury 50c/. far Benefit of the Creditor?. §26. Penalty 41 on Clerk of the Peace not giving Copies of Adjudication of Discharge 2o/. §27. Debtors falsely [wearing 4* shall suffer as for wilful Perjury. §28. Debtors discharged shall not be liable to be imprisoced for Debts prior to X February 1809. §29. But shall not be discharged from Debts incurred fubfrquent to X February, 1809. §30. Att may be pleaded to any Action of Escape, &c. §31. Act may be pleaded generally by Prisoners. §32. Prisoners, who, on Application as Insolvent Debtor?, have been remanded back, and fuice discharged without their Consent, entitled to the Benefit of this Act. §33. Ad shall not extmd to Attornies or Servants embezzling Money, except where they have been confined Ten Years. §34. Nor to Persons obtaining Money or Goods under false Pretences or tiditious Names, except where thry have becu confined Ten Years. # 3*'

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Truth of each of the Objtdions acd Exceptions aforesaid against the obtaining the Benefit of this Act, shall be proved by the Tcllimony upon 0*th of One or more credible Witness or Witnessce, besides the Tcllimony upon Oath of the Person or Persons making such Objections, or other legal Proof or Evidence admissible in a Court of Law: Provided always, that uo Prisoner, who shall have been remanded to Prison under any Ad heretofore passed for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, for having fraudulently obtained Monty, Goods, or Securities for Money on false Prtter.ces, or for having secretly or fraudulently removed Stock, Cattle, or other Effvds, which were subjrcl or liable to be detained for Rent, or who shall have loft or forfeited the Benefit of any such former Act, by having madeny fraudulent Sale, Transfer, Conveyance, or Asignment, since his or her Imprisonment, to the Prejudice of hu Creditor or Creditors, or who shall have fraudulently obtained a Discharge under such former Act, or flv.ll have taken a false Oath under such Ad, shall have or receive any Benefit or Discharge under this Act, but shall be remanded to Prison as aforesaid by the Justices before whom he or he shall be brought up to take the Benefit of this Act: Provided always, that such Objections or Exceptions were supported by fuih Proof or Evidence as is herein before provided and directed to be made umlrr this present Act, and not otherwise; and that no Person shall be permitted to make the Objections in this Act mentioned against any Prisoner, except a detaining Creditor, or such Person or Persons as have commenced their Action or Actions against such Prisoner previous to the First Day of February last pad, grounded on the Matters in the said Exceptions mentioned.: Provided also, that no Person charged in Execution for Damages recovered in any Action for Criminal Converlation with the Wife of the Plaintiff id such Action, or ia Action for seducing or carnally knowing the Daughter or

49° GEORGII III. A.D. 1809. C. 115, 116. 907

Female Servant of the Plaintiff, or in any Att; on for a malicfou* Prosecution, or'in any Action for any other Damage* re-malicious Injury, shall have any Benefit under this Att, except only in Cases where the Plaintiff in such Actione covered^ an/ respectively shall be dead, and no Person shall have obtained Probate of the Will or Letters of Administration p^1'0, 0 of the Effects of such Plaintiff within Twelve Months after his Decease; except where such Person shall have r£fajoaf been confined in Prison for the Space of Ten Years last past. except where they ha^e been confined Tea Yew*.

Att shall not extend to Persons removing Effttts of the Value of 30l. liable to be distrained for Rent*

except where they have been confined Ten Years. §37. Nor to Persons felling or assigning Effects to defraud Creditors, except where they have been confined Ten Years. §3S. Nor to Persons losing Money at Play, except where they have been confined Ten Years. $39. Penalty on Gaolers not permitting Prisoners to be spoken with, or Entry in the Books of the Prison to be seen, 40l. §40. Penalty on Gaoler " making false Entries 500l. §41. Debtors refusing to discover the Trade and Abode of the Person at whose €t Suit detained, excluded from the Benefit of this Att. $ 42. Justices for Surrry may adjourn to the Session House in Horsemonger Lane. §43. Justices for York and Lincoln may hold a Session near to the County

Gaol. §44. Justices for the District of Holland may hold an adjourned Session. §45. Prisoners in Custody for Prison Fees shall be discharged. §46.

XLVII. Provided always, and it is hereby further matted, That this Att shall not extend or be construed^flull not to extend to difeha-ge any Prisoner seeking the Benefit of this Att, with respect to any Debt or Penalty with extend to which he or she shall stand charged at the Suit of the Crown, or of any Person for any Offe nce committed Debtors of the against any Act or Acts of Parliament relative to His Majesty's Revenues of Customs, Excile, Stamps, or Salt*rown or Duties, or any of them, or any Branches of the Publick Revenue, or at the Suit of any Sheriff or other Publick '

Officer upon any Bail Bond entered into for the Appearance of any Person prosecuted for any Offence com- w, icfs the Trcl* mitted against: any Act or Acts of Parliament relative to His Majesty's Lid Revenues of Customs, Excffc, fury consent. Stamps, or Sdt Duties, or any other Branches of Publick Rtvenue, unit Is any Three of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for trie T'me being (Full certify their L'onfent under their Hand*, to the said Justices at their said Session or Adjournment thereof, for the Discharge of such Prisoner as aforesaid.

4f Determination of Justices shall be final, unless the Debtor gets rid of the Objttttom to his Discharge. §4?.

Estates of which Prisoners mre seised in Tail, shall he delivered up to their Creditors. J 49. Alliances may 4t apply for further Examination of Debtors to two Justices. § o.

LI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That notwithstanding the Discharge of any Debtor or Debtors Fraudulent Dif* by virtue of this Att, if it shall hereafter appear that the fame was obtained fraudulently, or that any Part of charges void, the Oath taken by any such Debtor was not true, then and in every such Case every such Discharge shall be void and of none Effect.

Assignees with Consent of a Majority in Value of Creditors may compound Debts, and submit Difpuces to Ar- bitration. $52. Penalty on Persons concealing Debtors* Estates 100l. and double Value. §53. If Assignees die, others may be chosen. §34. Courts at Westminster, &c. on Complaint may remove Assignees. §55-4t In Cases of Mutual Credit Balance shall be stated. §56. Persons in Custody for Contempt in not*paying Monies awarded, Costs, &c. entitled to the Benefit of this Att. §37. Persons imprisoned by Courts of Confluence entitled to the Benefit of this Att, and Lifts shall be returned of them to the Session §58.

Affirmation of Quakers may be taker. $ 59. Justices may amend Notices and Schedules in Matters of Form.

44 §60. The I«solvent, on releasing his lutcreft, declared a competent Witness. §6r.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be deemed or taken to discharge the Future Estates of future Estate or Effects, Real or Personal, of any Person or Persons discharged under this Att, whether such Debtors dif-Person or Persons shall or shall not have been charged in Execution, of or from the Payment of any Debts, c!*dr\J Damages, Costs, Sum or Sums of Money due, owing, or demandable from any such Person or Persons, or for\hcir in respect of which any such Person or Persons was or were in Custody; and all and every Person or Persons j>ebts. entitled to receive or be paid any such Debt, Damages, Costs, Sum or Sums of Money, shall have all such and the like Remedies in Law or Equity against such future Estate and Effects, other than and except the necessary Apparel and Bedding of such Person or Persons and their Family, and the necessary Tools for his, her, or their Trade and Occupation, not exceeding the Value of Forty Pounds, but not against the Person of the Party, for Payment thereof, as he, she, or they might have had if this Att had not been made; and in any Case in which the Payment or Recovery of such Demands or Sums of Money could, before the passing of this Att, have been enforced only by Commitment, either on the Ground of Contempt or otherwise, of the Persons liable thereto, the Party interested therein shall be and is hereby enabled to sue the Person or Persons who ought to have paid the fame for what shall remain unsatisfied thereof, in like Manner as if the Sum remaining unfatiffied had been Money lent and advanced by, or Money had and received for the Use of, the Person having such Demand, but shall be entitled to recover or have Execution out of or against such future Estate and Eiictts only, and shall cot be entitled to arrest or take in Execution the Party against whom such Demand shall be enforced.

Persons having taken the Benefit of any Insolvent Att within Five Year?, not entitled to Relief under this Att. §63.

CAP. CXVI.

An Act to make further Provision for the Execution of the several Atts relating to the Revenues, Matters, and Things, under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, ?ind of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland. £i9th June 1809.]

WHEREAS

o8

G. 116

Trials before CornmUBonen or Sub-C sioners shall ommcncc on the Day on 'which Notice shall be given, which shall he within DO Days aitf r Information in Dublin Dif-trict Sic4(> G. 3. C. 10*i. § ft.) and tvirhiu .SO Days elsewhere.

Such Trials (Vail proceed rs under 4$ G. 3. c. C2. $2)°*

In case of Death Or illness of a Comrmfikmer on the Day appointed for Trial, ihe Court may adjourn from Da) 10 Day,

Penalty on Sub-

Commissioners f ftirig in Causes wherein inter-efted, Incapacity, &c.

Informations for Offence* against Ex tile and Cuitorm imift be within Three Montlur alter t If fence.

14 & IS C. 2. c. b.

Commissionen of Ex life and Culioms flail

{rule Table of

KtcstoSdiv it or*,

iCc. on Informa-tuin and Trials.

49° GEORGII III. A.D. 1809.

WHEREAS it is expedient to make further Provision for the better Execution of the several AdU

reiatin? to the Revenues, Matters, and Thing*, under the Management of the Commissioners of

Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, in Ireland; Sc it therefore

enabled, by the K ng's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Court of Commission ere or Sub-Commissioners who, from and after the Expiration of One Calendar Mouth next after the Day rf passing of this Act, shall fit to hear, try. or determine any Complaint or Information lor any Offence against any Act or Ada relating to the Revenues, Matters, and Things aforesaid* or any of them, shall begin the Trial thereof on the Day of which No'ice shall be first given for proceeding ther on; and whenever any such Complaint or Information shall be to be tried within the Dittridl of Dublin (as specified and described in an Act made in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled an Act to provide for the better Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters, and Things under the Management of the Commisslouers of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes^in Ireland, ) such D*y of Trial, of which Notice shall be first given as aforesaid, shall be within Thirty Days next after the Complaint or Informat; on shall have been made, except only where any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall have been conveyed into the said Dittridl of Dublin from the District where the fame were a&ually seized; and whenever any Goods shall have been so conveyed into the said District of Dublin, and also whenever any Complaint or Information shall be to be tried within any other District than the said Ditlridl of Dublin, then and in either of such Cases, such Day of Trial, of which Notice shall be fir If given as aforesaid, shall be within Fifty Days next after such Complaint or Information shall have been made; and in all Cases such Court of

Commissioners or Sub-Commifli mers shall forthwith proceed upon every such Trial on such Day of which

N >tice shall be first given as aforesaid, and shall not adjourn until a Witness shall have been examined, unless by the Consent of both Parties, or upon good and fuffiment Cause to be assigned in Manner directed by an Act made in the Forty-eighth Year of H; s present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the making perpetual several Acts for the better CoVedion and Security of the Revenues of Customs and Excise in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein; and to make further Provision for the Security of the said Revenues, and for the Execution of the several Acts relating thereto; and it shall not be lawful for such Commissioners or Sub-Commissioners to adjourn any Trial, except in such Manner as is directed in and by the said last recited Act or this Act.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if on any Day of which such Notice for Trial shall have been

first given as aforesaid, it shall happen that any Commissioner or Sub Commissioner, whose Prt fence is necessary to constitute a Court for such Trial, shall be prevented from attending by Death, illness, or other inevitable Accident, and the same shall be made appear upon Oath to the other Commissioners or Sub-Commissionm attending at such Day, it shall and may be lawful for such Commissioners or Sub-Commissioners, so attending, to adjourn such Trial from Day to Day only, in like Manner a6 they are authorized to do in other Cases, until some other Commissioner or Sub-Commissioner shall be appointed and shall attend in the Room of any Commissioner or Sub Commissioner so dying, or until such Commissioner or Sub-C mrmflioner, whose Abftixe shall be occafiined by I Inrfs or other inevitable Accident, shall be able to attend and shall attend, so that such Trial may be duly proceeded upon; and every such Adjournment and Cause thereof, upon Oath, shall be entered in the Proceedings of the Court, ard be made Part of the Transmifs.

III. Provided always, and be it further enadl-d, That if any Offi er shall tit or act as a Sub-Commissioner appointed to hear, tiy, and determine ai y Complaint or Information for any Offence aga; nft ar.y Act or AtU relating to the Revenues. Matters, and Things aforesaid, in any Caulc wherein he is inurested in the Recovery of the Penalties annexed to such Offence, he the said Olacer, being thereof convicted by due Ceurle of Law, (hill forfeit Treble ihe Amount of the said Penalties, and be thenctforth rendered incapable of holding or cxexifing any Office Civil or Military under the Crown.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Act or Acts in force relating to any of the Revenues, Matters, and

Tilings under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or under the Management of the Com nr (Timer* of I nland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, shall extend t<> charge ar.y Person or Persons with any Penalty Forfeiture, or Punishment upon any Trial to be had before any such Commissioners, or any of tiiur Sub-Corn mflioners fur the Time being, for or concerning any Offence to be committed alter the D y of the passing of this Act contrary to the Tenor of any such Act or Acts, or of any of the Articles or Branches of the fame, the Pcny or Parties so off.tiding be informed against or complained of to such Commissioners, or

their Sub-Comtmfiioiura or Collectors respectively, within three Calendar Months next after the lame Offence shall be dore or committal as aforesaid; any Thing in an Act made in the Fourteenth and FiUecnth Years of His 'ate M.'j-lly K. ng Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the settling of the Excise or new Iwpijl upui Ihs Majesty, his Heirs and Sucre for st according to the Rook of Rates therein inserted, or in any other Act or Acts of Pdrlifiru nt in foiee in Ireland relating to the said Revenues, Matttrs, and Things, or any of them, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

V.*And to prevent unneecflaiy Expences on Informations and Trials with resprdl to unlicensed Stills, and ' other Offgas against any Act or Acts in force relating to any Matters or Things under the Management of the Commissiontrs ot Inland Excise and Taxes, or of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland; Brit enacted, That it shall be lawful for thv isid Commissioners, and they are hereby respectively empower d and required, on or b tore the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand tight hundred and nine, to kulc and ascertain what Cuarges shall be made by and be payable to any Solicitor or Attorney emp'oy.d by or ou behalf o( the said Commissioners relptdtively, or under their Orders, or by their Directiom-, in the making, drawing, or framing of any Information or Complaint, cr in any Proceeding relative to such Information 01 Comp amt, or to any Trial, Cor.viction, or Judgment in consequence thereof; and whenever such Rates of Charges ftnll be so failed and afeertahied, and shall have received the Approbation of the Comm flbaers for exteuting the Gilice

6 of

A.D. 1809.

49° GEORGII III.

C. 116.

909

46 G. 3. c. 68.

§ i, «.

of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or any Three of them, the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes' or of Customa and Port Duties respectively, shall canfe a Table of fuel) Rates of Charges to be made out and to be signed by the Secretary to such Commissimers rtfptdively, and to be transmitted to the Offices of the Collector3 of Excise and Customs respectively in their several Districts; and such Collectors shall affix or bang up such Table of Rates in some conspicuous Part of their Office, and keep the fame so affixed and hung up for publick Infptdton, so that all Persons may have convenient Access thereto; and it shall be lawful for fneh Commissioners of Customs and Excise respectively to alter such Table of Rates of Charges from Time to Time, with the Approbation of the said Commissioners of the Treasnry in Manner aforesaid; and if at any Time after the fud Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and nine, any Solicitor,

Attorney, or other Person concerned or employed on behalf of the said Commissioners, or under their Orders, or by their Dirtd ons in the Matters aforesaid, or any of them, shall make any Charge, or take or receive any Payment or Reward whatsoever, other than such as shall from Time to Time be set forth in and authorized by such Table to be prepared by the said Commissioners respectively in Manner aforesaid, such Solicitor, Attorney, or other Person so offending fh.dl forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered with Cotta of Suit, together with the Amount of such Charge or Payment, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Dublin, at the Suit of any Person who will iue for the fame by Ad'on of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in which no Effuign nor Wager of L*w, nor mere than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

VI. 4 And Whereas by an Act made in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for ejlaliishing certain Regulations in the Collection and Management of His Majesty's Revenues of Customs,

Excise, and Taxes in Ireland, it is among other Things enacted, That all Acts, Matters, and Things relating to the Duties of Customa and Excise or Taxes, which by any Ad or Ad^ in force in Ireland are required to bt doi e or performed by or under the Jurisdiction of the Commissioners mentioned in the said Act, made in the

Parliament of Ireland, in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second,

intituled, An Act for the settling of the Excise or nevo impojl upon His Majesty % his Heirs and SuaeJfors % according 1 so the Book of Rates therein inserted, shall and may be in like Manner done and performed by or under the Jurisdiction of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or the Commissioners of Inland Excise and

Taxes, as the Case may require: For the obviating of any Doubts as to the Construction of the said recited Whore Claims,

Act of the Forty-sixth Year aforesaid, or of any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to the Matters Entries, or

and Things under the Management of the Commissionera of Customs and Port Duties; Be it enacted, That Erocr*dings are whenever, by any Ad or AOs in force in Ireland, it is or shall be required that any Claim, Entry, or other Proceeding shall be made, hied, or entered, or had in or at the Excise Office of any District relative to any Matter or Thing whatsoever, every such Claim, Entry, or other Proceeding which shall relate 10 Shipping or Navigation, or to any Matters or Things which by the said recited Act of the Forty-sixth Year aforesaid, or any other Act or Acts in fr ree in Ireland, are placed under the Management or Jurisdiction of the Commissioners of Customs and P ut Duties, shall be made, filed, entered, or had in the Office of the Collector of the Customs of the Port or Diihid within which the Cause of such Claim, Entry, or other Proceeding shall have arisen, intlead of the Excile Office of such D strict, and such Claim, Entry, or ether Proceeding shall be good and tfhdual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever contained in such Ad or AdJ.

VII. And be it further traded, Thar, from and after the Expiration of One Calendar Month next after the Day of the passing of this Act, if any Officer of Customs or Excise, or any Officer appointed by or acting under the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or either of them, shall dirtCtly or indirectly by himself or by any other Person to his Use or Benefit, ask or shall take or receive directly or indirectly from or on the Behalf of any Person or Persons who by any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, fha; l be liable or fuhjcd to or chargeable wi; h the Payment of any Duty under the Management of the said ComimiTi ultra of Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, any Bribe, Fee, Gratuity, Recompense, or Reward, or any Matter or Thing whatsoever, or any Sum or Sums of Monty whatsoever, or any Pronufe of the fame, for the doing or performing, or for the not doing or performing any Ad, Matter, or Thing which such Officer ought to do or perform in the Execution of the Duty of h a Office, or ior or in resptd of or with Intent to influence any Conduct of such Officer in respect of the Payment or Non-payment of any such Duty, or of the Attendance or Non-attendance or Delay of Attendance of any such Officer, or of the Execution or Non execution of his Duty as an Officer, other than and except such Sum or Sums of Money as such Officer may by Law be entitled to, or may be allowed by such Commissioners respectively to receive in lieu of his Share of any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture; every such Officer so ofltnding shall be deemed and taken to be guilty of a Miiciemeanor, and such Officer shall and may be indtded for such Offence, at the Assizes held in the County or County of a City or Town where such Offence shall be committed, or at the Court of Commission of Oyer and Terminer and General Gaol Delivery, held in and for the county of Dublin and County of the City of Dublin, for such Offence as shall be committed within the said County or City respectively \ and in case any Indictment shall be found at such Assizes or Court against such Officer, he shall plead thereto forthwith without having Time to traverse the fame , and it shall be lawful for the Court before whom such Officer shall be tried and convicted, to inflid such Punishment on such Officer by Fine not lei's than Three Time* the Value of such Bribe, Fee, Gratuity, Recompence, or Reward, and by went, and Imprisonment or otherwise, as may by the Laws and Statutes in force in Ireland be inflicted on Persons guilty of Incapacity. Misdemeanors; and such Officer 10 convicted shall thenceforth be incapable of holding any Office or Employment whatever, Civil or Military, under His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or uader any Authority derived from

His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expiration of One Calendar Month next after the Penalty on passing of this Act, if any Peifua whatever shall directly or iudirtdly give or offer any B.ibe, Fee, Gratuity, lV&m off.ifag

Recompence,

required to be made in the Excite Otfire of any District, if the Matter relates to Customs, furl 1 Claim*, Jie, shall be entered in vhc Office of the Collector of the Customs.

Penalty on OlVu er taking bribes or Prefects from any Persons subj'-dl to Duties ol Excise or Customs.

Mifdeincanor.

Punishable by Fine, Itnpiifou-

c.

Officers, Mif-d(nuanor,

by

Fiiu* nix! Im» jmibnjhtnt.

OomTx/.n'ions'rs cu Custoius ami Jbxi'lfr lbal) not any

Forfritlire, S.c, tvijbout Confrnt ci : hcTroaiury.

Fvrfons pnf in < har^f* (>t' ( <>1-Wut»shall be JiabJ- n> account, Kc. in the lame Maatur as Collectors,

CoUeflor* shall frnd Weekly Abstrails ot' Urceiprs and Payments to C.'oinmifTionrrn of C attorns and Excise, rcfjM*£t-ivrly dating the Balance iu their Hands.

C'oUrAors may take Credit for

' BilU Ten/)! led

f when actually

paid.

ColW^ors shall act I to Wtckly Abstract a

C. 116, 49 GEORGII IIT. A.D. 1809.

R'compeaee, or Reward, or ary Sum or Sums of Money, Article, Matter, or Thing whatsoever, or any P.omiie of the fame, to any Officer of Customu or Excise, or any Officer appointed by or acting tinder the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, for the doing or performing, or for the not doing cr performing any Act, Matter, or Thing which fu: h Officer ought to do or perform in the Execution of the Duty of his Office, or for or in resprd of or with Intent to influence any Conduct of such Officer in respect of the Payment or Non-payment of ar y Duty undt-r the Management of the said Commissioners respectively, or of the Attendance or Non*attendarce or Delay of Attendance of any such Officer, or of the Execution or NIon-execution of h^ Duty as an Officer, other than such Salary, Recompence, Reward, or Gratuity, as shall be allowed by the said Commissionerj resptd'vtly, or to which such Officer may by Law be entitled to; every such Perffin so offending, ffiffi be deemed and taken to he guilty of a Misdemeanor, and such Person shall and may be ind dd for such Offence (whether such Offer shall be accepted, or Promise shall be performed, or not) at the Affixes held in the County or County of the City or Town where such Offence shall be committed, or at the Court of Corr.rrrffion of Oyev and Terminer and General Gaol Delivery, held in and for the County of Dublin, and County of the City of Dublin, for such Offence as shall be committed within the said County or City respectively; and in case any Indifffment shall be found at such Assizes or Court against such Person, he shall pkad thereto forthwith, without having Time to 11 avc» ft* the hmr; and it shall be lawful for the Court before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted, to inflnfl such Punishment by Fine, rot less than Three Times the Value of such BnbC| Fee, Gratuity, Recom* pence, or Reward, and by Imprisonment or otherwise, as may by the Laws and Statutes iu force m Inland be infl d.-d on Puffins guilty of Mffdemeanors.

IX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expiration of Ten Days next after the Day of the passing of this Act, it ffidl not be lawful for the Commissioniers of Custotr.s and Port Duties, nor for the Commissiontr9 of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any of them, to abate, -educe, or mitigate any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, nor torellore any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, feiz.d by znv Officer of Customs or Excise, for any Offence against any Act or Act; in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenue*, Matters, and Things under the Management of the said Commissioners respectively, after a Prosecution (half have been commenced by any Officer oCExcise or Customs by his filing an Intornriation for tht fame; nor to cancel nor deliver to be cancelled any Botd taken for His Majesty's Use, the Condition whereof shall not have been fully performed and satisfied; without the Consent and Approbation of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer in Ireland, or any Three of them, far that Purpose.

X. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties shall have heretofore put or placed, or shall hereafter put or place any Person in Charge of any Collect on relating to the Matters and Things under the Management of the said Commissioners rtfptdively; and in all Cases where such Commissioners respectively shall have appointed or dirtcted, or shall appoint or direct any Person to execute the Office of any Collector of Excise, or Cflhdtor of Customa rtfpcdl'vely, in conference of any Vacancy, Absence, Suspension, or Removal of a ColUdor, every such Person so puc in Charge, or so appointed or directed to execute any such Office of Collector, shall be considered as a Colkdor for the Time being, so far as respects any Munev by him received or paid; and that such Petfort so put in Charge, and the Sureties of every such Person respectively, shall be subject and liable, and shall and may be required and compellable, and compelled to account for ail and every Sum and Sums of Money received or paid by such Person, and to pay and satisfy all Sum and Sums of Money which shall have been or shall be received by such Person, or with which such Person is or may he chargeable by virtue of, or in consequence of any Charge, Direction, or Appointment, in such and the like Manner and Form, and to and before such and the like Courts and Persons, and under all such and the like Penalties and Forfeitures, Regulation*, Restrictions and Provisions whatsoever, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposts, as any Collector duly holding and exercising the Place or Office in Charge of which such Person shall be put and placed, or which he shall be dire died or appointed to excercife as aforesaid, is required and compellable, and compelled to account for, and to pay and fati&ty all Sum and Sums of Money received by him, or with which he is chargeable, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland for that Purpose.

XI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expiration of One Calendar Month next after the Day of the passing of this Act, every Collector of Cutloms, and every Collector of Excise, and every Person put in Charge of any Collection of Cutloms or Excise, shall transmit weekly to the Commissioners of Customa and Port Duties, or to the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes respectively, an Abstract or Account, signed by himself in the Presence of an Officer of Customs or Excise, and witnessed by such Officer, of his several Receipts and Payments for the Week ending on the Day preceding the Day of his transmitting such Abstract or Account, debiting himself therein with all Monies received by him in that Week, or in his Hands at the Commencement thereof, and crediting himself for all such Sums as he shall have paid therein as Collector, or as shall have been paid on his Account during that Week to the Receiver*General, or into His Majesty, i Exchequer, dating the Balance thereon; and every such Collector or Person in Charge, shall cairy forward such Balance as the first Article in the succeeding Week's Abllrad or Account on the Debit or Credit Side thereof, as the Case shall happen to be, and so trom Time to Time weekly and every Week in like Manner: Provided always, that if any Bill, Draft, or Note, shall have been transmitted or delivered to the Receiver-General on account of any such Collector or other Person in Charge, which shall not have come to Maturity it the Time of such Transmission, such Collector or other Person shall and may take Credit for the same to the Abstract or Account of the Week, in which he shall be informed that the Amount thereof has been paid.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every such Collector, or Person put in charge of any Collection, shall set dowu in Writing at the Foot of every such weekly Abstract, or on the Back thereof, or on ffime Paper

annexed

A.D. 1809^ 49° GEORGII III. C.n6.

annexed thereto, a Memorandum of the Amount of Bills, Notes, or Drafts in the Hands of the Receiver- Memorandum General, not set down to the Credit of such Coile&or or Person in such Abstract, and which are to be placed of Cilia remitted, to his Credit when paid, specifying the Particulars of every such B-ll, Note, and Draft respectively.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That every Collector of Customs or Excise, and every Person in charge of Collegers stall. any Collection of Customs or Excise, shall once in every Year within Three Months after the Fifth Day of ^!eI, ver annual January in each Year, or within Three Months after he shall cease to be Collector, or to be in charge as Collector, vUnTto^draw up, adjust, and settle with the Conrnvflioners of Customs or Excise respectively, a full and true Account CommiilEnro, for the Whole of the Year endng the said Fifth Day of January, or for so much of such Year as he shall have whofliaH Been in charge of such Collection, and shall sign such Account with his Name, and shall insert therein among die famr to his Receipts and Payments, every Item of Receipt and Payment, with the Dates, and io the Woids and Figures^e^aml a as the fame were severally set forth in the weekly Abstracts transmitted by him as aforesaid; and the fail Com- Cowdicieot*missioners respectively shall forthwith deliver a Copy thereof, signed by their Secretary or Accountant-General, by the

to such Collector or other Person, and shall deliver the said Account to the Auditor-General of His Majesty's Auditor-General Exchequer, who shall forthwith transmit a Copy thereof, fairly engrossed on Parchment, to such Collector or to the Collector other Person, and require him to make Oath to the Truth thereof at the Foot of such Copy, either before the fyvornl°

Chancellor of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer, or one of the Barons thereof, or before the Court of the*um* Quarter-Sessions, or any Adjournment thereof, held in the County or County of the Town or City wherein his Office as Collector shall be situate, in the Presence of the acting Clerk of the Peace attending such Sections, who shall witness the fame; and every Collector, or other Person in charge of a Collection, shall make Oath to the Truth of such Account, in Manner aforesaid, and transmit or deliver such Account, so sworn to, to the Auditor of the Exchequer, before the First Day of August next following the Date of the settling and adjusting of such Where Two Account: Provided always, that where Two or more Persons shall have been Collectors or in charge as C. 1- Golle&or* are m lectors for the fame District, in the Course of one and the same Year ending on the Fifth Day of January, fa

each and every Person having so been Collector or in charge as Collector, shall be accountable and shall account hlmfelf only, for such Part of the Year only during which he shall have been Collector or in charge as aforesaid-

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Collector or other Person in charge of a Collection, shall omit Penalty on or neglect to sign, get testified, and transmit such weekly Abstract or Account/in the Manner and Form and ^, 1!r^, or

at the Time herein enacted respecting the fame, such Collector or other Person shall forfeit the Sum of Ten and Traufii.it Pounds for every such Omission or Neglect; which Sum the said Commissioners are respectively required to weekly Accounts, deduct and default to the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, out of the Salary of such Collector or iol. other Person; and for his second and every subsequent Offence therein he shall, over and above the Forfeiture of Second OfTV »<*, the said Sum of Ten Pounds be also suspended from his Office of Collector, and continue so suspended until such Fine and Im-Suspension shall be taken off by the said Commissioners of Customs or Excise, which they are hereby respectively prifownent. authorized to do, on his accounting to their Satisfaction for such his Omission or Neglect.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Collector of Excise or Customs, or any Person in charge as such Penalty on Collector, shall refuse or neglect to adjust and settle and sign such Accounts for the Year or Part of the Year, Col Ichors

as the Case may be, in Manner and within the Time aforesaid, or within such further Time as may be allowed n(jd^t, nS to for that Purpose under the Provisions of this Act, all Salary and Allowances payable to any such Collector shall Accounts^For-bc forfeited and defaulted to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, from the Day when such Collector or other ieiture of Salary. Person ought to have settled and adjusted and signed such yearly Accounts as aforesaid, until he shall fully settle and adjust and sign the same.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Collector of Customs, or any Collector of Excise, or any Person Penalty on in charge of any ColJe&ion of Customs or Excise, shall refuse or neglect to Cwear to the Truth of such Accounts Collector not so settled and adjusted and figoed, and to transmit or dtliver the same to the Auditor of the Exchequer in Manner herein required, before the First Day of August in any Year, or such further Day as may be allowed Vwrcitur^o!11

under the Provisions of this Act, he shall be incapable from and after such Day of holding his Place as Collector, (June and 100l.

or any other Place or Office under the Commifibntrs of Excise or Customs, and shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Customs or Excise

respectively, by and with the Approbation of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High wiih (Ymu-nt of

Treasurer of Ireland, or any Three of them, in case of Sickntfs or any other unavoidable Cause preventing any'Wla^,

Collector or Person in charge as such, from transmitting any such weekly Abstract or Account within the Time riuther"

aforesaid, to remit the Forfeiture of Ten Pounds incurred thereby; and in ca(e any Collector or Ifirloo in charge {mu. for

as such, shall be prevented by Sickness or any other unavoidable Cause, from settling and adjusting, or fwcanng Accouuit.

to his yearly Accounts, or transmitting the fame, when sworn, within the Time or Times aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Customs or Excise respectively, by and wi'h the Approbation of the Coin-

missioner6 for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland or any Three of them, to allow such

further Time for so doing as shall appear to the said Commissioners resptclively to be reasonnble for that Purpose,

and to remit the Incapacity and Forfeiture aforesaid, if the same shall have been incurred before Application

could have been made for such further Time as afoitsaid.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in all AdFoos or Suits commenced or to be commenced again! any Collector'* Collector or Person in charge as a Colic6lor, or his personal Representatives, or again! both or either of his

Sureties, or their r either of their personal Reprefrntative3, every such weekly AbstraH or Account io signed

and witnessed, shall be accepted, taken, and allowed in all Courts of Law and Equity as Evidence of the SumsiUwd Receipt of the Sums therein stated to the Debit of such Colfedlor or other Person; and all and every such yearly vheitiu. Account or Accounts for Part of a Year, so settled and adjusted, signed, and (worn, shall be accf pted. taker, and allowed in all Courts of Law and Equity as Evidence against such Collector or other Person in charge as a CoJle&or, or his personal Representatives, or both or either of his or their Sureties, or their or either of tluir personal Repreftnutivea, of the several Receipts therein severally set forth.

C. 116.

49° GEORGII III. A.D. 1809.

10 th* Aulitor-llonpral

on Accounts /"worn to I it-tore

ihe SelGousi.

AH Sim-Harjjps c»i ( ullom Duties Hirvli i><* mnHe vi»hin pour Months after Kntiy.

Termifs IW! not hr crawH on UilU ot View,

Where any IV-nalrji under 4 J f». .1. o. 56, is funl for in Ireland, Notice of the Act: on shall 00 ^tvrn to Cum mi)fioners of ( eihuns and Half the Penalty rctovrred flia'.l he paid to tin:

( oil' dtor of the Lultoms.

Cioo<l» to be sold at Rumma^t! JSales, shall be uyen fur Inspec-tiou Three Hays.

Certificates or Permits fur Wine into private Stock find! not he required under HOb.d. I.)c.h8.

XVItl. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any such Account for a Year or Part of a Year

fhtil be sworn before any Court of Quarter-Sessions, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners rtl'p^dively, and they are hereby required to pay unto the Auditor-General a Fee, to such Amount as the ComirriThners of Cutloms have heretofore allowed Cred't for in their Colh & >r&' Accounts, as having been paid by the Collrdir or Collect >rs or Person in charge of a Col!ed; on, to the Auditor-General on passing Accounts within the Year, and as they would have allowed Credit for in case such Account had been (worn before the Chancellor or one of the Barons of the Court of Exchequer.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no Surcharge shall be made on account of any ftiort Charge of Duty payable on the Importation of any Gx>d«, Warn, or Merchandize imported into or exported out of Ireland, at any Time after the passing of this Act, upon the Person or Persons who shall have imported the fame, at any Time after the Expiration of Four Calendar Month? next after the Entry made thereof, on which any Duty shall have been computed and p3id, whether the same shall be an Entry either Inwards or Outwards, or a prime or port Entry, or an Entry of Goods in Warehouse; but that all Surcharges of Duty in respect of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize so imported or exported shall be made within Four Calendar Months next aft^r such Entry, Computation, ard Payment, as aforesaid.

XX. And be it further cird d, Th«t whenever any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, imported into Ireland, shall be lauded and taken up by Warrant ad Visum, at Sight, or up >n Bdl ot View, ro Permit shall be granted for the Removal of fu: h Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, from the Custom-house or Place where they were so landed, until such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall have been viewed and duly entered, cleared, and Duty thereon fully paid, according to Law, any Thing in any Act or Ad* in force in Ireland to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XXL 4 And Whereas by 3n Ad made in the Forty*third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled,

An Act for rebuilting the Fejjels carrying Passengers from the United Kingdom to I!is Maffly's Plantations and

Settlements abroad, nr to Foreign Farts, with ref pc (I to : h: Number of such Passengers, it is amongst other Thing*

en?djd. That certain Penalties and Forfeitures infl d-d by the i ud Act may be profreuted, sued for, and ' recovered in His Majesty's Courts f£ Record at Dublin, in the Name ot His Majesty's Attorney General for Ireland, or in the Name of any Person or Persons wi.atsoever; and that One Moiety of every Penalty to be recovered by virtue of the said Act, after deducing the Chartres ot Prosecution from the Whole, fh dl go and9be applied to His Majesty, his H'.irs or Successors Be it ena^tei. That wherever any Penalty or Forfeiture under the said recit'd Act shall be predicated or futd for in Ireland, the Solicitor or Attorney for the Person by or on wh'de Brhalf any Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information shall be commenced, shall, within Three Days after the Commencement of any such Action or Proceeding, deliver or cause to be delivered to the Solicitor of the Commissioners of Cuiloms and Port Duties in Ireland, a Notice of the Commencement of such Adun or Proceeding, and shall also, within Three Days after the Declaration or lrformation in any such Action or Proceeding shall be delivered to the Defendant, deliver or cause to be delivered a Copy of such Declaration or Information to the said Solicitor of the said Commissioners; and whenever the Penalty or Forfeiture for the Recovery whereof such Action or other Proceeding shall be commenced shall be duly recovered and levied, One M >»ety thereof, after deducing as aforesaid, shall be paid over by or on behalf of the Plaintiff in such Act on to the Coikclor or Cuiloms for the Port of Dublin, for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and SucedTors; and in case any Solicitor or Attorney shall neglect to give such Notice, or to deliver a C py of such Declaration or Information in Manner herein before required, such Solicitor or Attorney shall forfeit the Sum 01 One hundred Pounds; and in case the Moiety of the Penalty or Forfeiture so recovered shall not be paid to such Collector in Manner aforesaid, such Moiety shall be a Debt to His Majesty, his Heirs and Sir eedors, from the Person by whom such Penalty was recovered and received, and shall be recoverable from such Person accordingly.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Sale, commonly called a Rummage Sale, or any other Sa'e of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall be made under the Orders of the Commissioners of and Port Duties, or und r the Order of the said Commissioners of In'and Excise and Taxes at His Majesty's Stores or elsewhere, whether such Sale shall be made by Inch of Candle or otherwise, all the G ods, Ware*, ani Merchandize, intended to be sold at such Sale, shall be pnbbckly exposed to View, and open for the Inspedinn ot all Persons for Three whole Days next before the Day on which such Saie shall take place, during such Hours as the Custom-house is open on such Days; and that Catalogues of all the Goods, Ware?1, and M rchandize so intended for Sale, with proper Numbers and References to such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, shall be prepared by the Order and under the Direction of the said Commissioners rtfpi li vely, and (h-dl be hung up in some conspicuous Part of the Store Warehouse or Place in which such Goo.Js, Wares, or Merchandize, shall be deposited for Inspection as aforesaid.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this A d!, whenever any Wine shall have been duly removed by Permit according to Law, into the Stock or PoflVffton of any Person in Ireland not concerned in the Wine Trade, for the private Use and Consumption of such Person, and not for Sale, no such P<rfon shah be required or compelled, or compellable, to lodge such Permit with any Officer of Excise, nor to obtain any Certificate thereof from such Officer, nor to renew any Certificate in Manner required by an Act. trade in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fortieth Year of His present Maj: fly's Reign, intitu.ed, An Act for better regulating the [ffuing and granting of Permits and Certificates for the Conveyance and Protection of certain Kxciflable Goods therein mentioned, and to prevent Frauds by Dealers in or Retailers cf such Goods; and that no Wine in the Stock or Possession of any such Person in Ireland for the private Use and Consumption of such Person, and not for Sale, shall be liable to Forfeiture or Seizure, nor shall be forfeited or ferzed for or on account of the n t producing the Permit under wh ch the fame was conveyed into the Stock of such Person or Persons or for or on account of the not producing any Certificate of such Permit, any Thing in the said recited Act of the Fortieth Year aforesaid, or m any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV.

A.D. 1809.

49° GEORGII III.

C. 116'.

9J 3

No Holidays at Excise Office except Sundays, Christmas Day, &c.

NoSugar shall be warehoused under 48 G. 0. c. 32. except British Plantation and Kail India Sugtf tt upponri.

XXIV. c And for the more speedy and satisfactory Dispatch of Business to all Persons concerned/ Be it further enacted, That no Holidays whatever shall be kept by any Officers of His Majesty's Excise in Ireland for or in Tefped of any Ad, Matter, or Thing to be done by any such Officer in rrfped of his Duty as such Officer, or of any Law for the Regulation or Collection of His Majesty's Revenue of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland^ or for carrying the fame into Execution, except Sundays, Clnjlmas Day % and Good Friday, and any Days which shall be appointed by Proclamation for a General Salt or Thanksgiving, and also the Anniversaries of the Reiteration of His Majesty King Charles the Second, and of the Coronation of His Majesty, and of the Birth Days of Their Majesties and of His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales; but that all Business relating to H'S Majesty's Revenue of Excise and Inland Duties shall be carried on every Day throughout the Year, except on the Days before excepted, any Law, Usage, or Cuilora, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That every Excise Office for the receiving of Request-Notes for Permits, Permit Office or HTuing of Permits, shall be kept open from Sunrise to Suo-set on every Day of the Year, cxeept the Days he open sit before excepted.

XXVI. 4 And Whereas by an Act made to the Forty eighth. Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled,

4 j4n Ad to permit certain Goods imported into Ireland, to be nxmrehoused or secured without the Duties due on the Importation thereof being jirjl paid; it is enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Importers, Proprietors, or Confitfnees of the Good-, Wares, and Merchandize enumerated in the Schedule marked (A.) aonexed to the said Act, to lodge and secure the fame in Warehousts without Payment at the Time of the first Entry of fucfc Goods, Wares, and Merchandize of the Duties due on the Importation thereof, subject to the Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions in the said Act contained: And Whtreaa Sugar is one of the Articles enumerated in the said Schedule maTktd (A.), ' Be it declared and enacted, That nothing in the said recited Act shall extend, or be confirm d to exttnd, or was meant or intended to extend, to any Sugar, other than White cr Clayed, or Brown or Muscovado Sugar, of the Growth or Produce of the British Plantations in the West Indiet, or of the Growth or Produce of thfr East Indies; and that it shall not be lawful to warehouse any Sugar, other than such British Flotation Sugar, or East India Sugar as aforesa: d, under the Provisione of the said recited Act; any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

All Penalties under this Act shall be payable in British Currency; recoverable under Customs and Excise

Acts, 14 & 15 Car. 2. r. 8.; 46 G 3. c. 106, See. §27.

XXVIII. 4 And Whereas by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for ahoUshing Fees received by Officers in the Service of the Customs in the several Ports of Ireland, and for regulating the Hours of Attendance and the Number of Holidays to be observed by the said Officers and certain Officers of Excise, certain Provisions were made for the abolishing of Fees received by all Officers of the Customs, and for the making Compensation for the Lossof such Fees; which said iaft recited Act extends to all Persons, whether appointed by Patent or otherwise acting by themselves or others in any Office or Employment relating to His Majesty,

Customs and Port Duties in Ireland1 and it is expedient to make further Regulations for carrying the said last recited Act into Execution; Be it therefore enacted, That at any T.me after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland Car the Time being, to refer to the Comnrffioners of Inquire for the Time being (appo nted or to be appointed under an Act made in the Forty-fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for appointing Commissioners to inquire into the Fee3, Gratuities, Perquisites. and Emoluments received in several Publick Offices in Ireland), the Case of any Patentee or other Officer, Clerk, or other Person who shall have held or shall hold any Office, whether by Patent or otherwise, any way relating to His Majesty's Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, or who shall have been or shall be employed in the Service of the said Customs at any Port in Ireland, who may have sustained or may sustain any Loss by the abolishing of Fees, under or in consequerce of the Provisions of the said recited Act made in the last Session of Parliament, and who frail claim or in the Judgment of the said Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors, or of the Commissioners of Customs and Pori Duties, shall be entitled to claim or recover any Compensatiow for such Loss under or by virtue of the said last recited Act, and upon such Reference it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Inquiry for the Time being to'proceed, and such Commissioners of Inquiry are hereby authorized, empowered, and required to proceed as soon as may be after such Reference, to inquire into and to mveftigate the Amount of Fees received by or on behalf of any such Patentee, or other Officer, Clerk, or other Person, or his Predeceflfor, during such Period of Time as shall be described in such Reference, and to examine on Oath such Patentee, or other Officer, Clerk, or other Person, and his or their Deputy or Deputies, if any, and also any other Person or Persons whatever respecting the Amount of such Fees, and respecting the Duty required to be performed by such Patentee, or other Officer, Clerk, or other Person, and respecting any other Matters and Things whatever, which shall be referred to such Commissioners of Inquiry by such Lord'

Lieutenant, orother Chief Governor or Governors relating to or concerning such Pattntec, nr other Officer,

Clerk, or other Person, and the Office held by him, and the Compensation which he shall claim; and the said Commissioners of Inquiry shall from Time to Time without Delay report to the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, the .Particulars of such Investigation, and the Opinion of the said Commissioners of Inquiry on every such Case so referred to them in respect to the Matters and Things referred- to be inquired into and investigated, together with such Observations as shall occur to them the said Commissioners with relptd to the Claim of such Patentee, or other Officer, Clerk, or other Person, or to the Office held by such Patentee, or other Officer, Clerk, or other Person respectively 5 and it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, -or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, to make any Order reading such Patentee, or other Officer, Cltrk, or other Person, and respedio* the Office or Employment held by him, and the Com-49 Geo. 6 B penfotion

Lori Lieutenaat of Ireland may reler the Case of any Patentee or other Otiicep claiming Compensation for Fees under 48 G. 3. c. 56. to the Commit-Cuners of Inquiry appointed under 44 G. 3. c. 106. and on their Report direSk Compensation to he paid to such Otficar, &c.

Tttm Aug. I,

1809, the Kxrife Duty on Coffee, the Produce of African Colonies, imported into Great Britain, shall be only 3d. per lb.

&G.?. c. 14.

Penalties on Perfoiu giving o« receiving Money, &c. on »ny Engagement, to procure or endeavour to procure the Election or* Return of a Member in Parliament, viz. on the Party giving, if not returned as a Member, lOOOOl.; on the Party giving, or privy, if returned

C.n6 — n£. 49° GEORGII III. A.D. 1809.

' pensation to be paid to hrm, as upon the Report of the said Commissionera of Inquiry shall by such Lord.Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors be thought requisite and necessary; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, to pay or cause to be paid to every such Patentee or other Officer, Clerk, or other Person, by way of C impenfatiem for his Loss of Feea, Perquisites, and Gratuities, under the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, any such Sum of Money, and to any such Amount annuaMy, not exceeding the Amount which shall be reported by the said Commissionera for that Purpose, as the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being shall direct, under his or their Sign Manual, countersigned by Three or more of the Commissionera for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland j any Tiling in the said lall recited Act or any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland to the contrary notwithstanding; and every such annual Payment by way of Compensation, shall commerce from the Day whereon the Person for whom the same shall be directed, shall have ceased to take any Fee, Perquisite, Gratuity, or Reward; and shall cominue during the Continuance of the Patent of any Patentee Officer, and during the Time which any Officer or Person not being a Patentee shall continue to hold the Office or Employment in respect of which such Payment by way of Compensation shall be directed as aforesaid.

CAP CXVIL

An Act for lowering the Duty of Excise on Coffee, of the Growth of His Majesty's Dominions in Africa.

[19th June 1809.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to repeal the Duty of Excise by Law imposed on Coffie imported into Great Britain, so far as the fame relates to Coffee of the Growth or Produce of His Majesty's Donum* ns in

Africa, imported dirtftly from thence into Great Britain, and to impose another Duty in lit 11 thereof* Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this preftut Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and nine, the Duty of Excise imposed by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act, on Coffee imported into Great Britain, so far as the fame relates to Coffee of the Growth or Produce of His Majesty's Dominions in Africa, and imported directly from thence into Great Britain, shall cease and determine, mud be no longer paid or payable, save and except in all Cases relating to the Recovery or paying any Arrears thereof which shall at any Time remain unpaid; and that, from and after the said First Day of August, there ffiatl, in lieu and instead of the Duties upon Coffee hereby repealed, be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the following Rate and Duty, that is to say, For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Coffee of the Growth or Produce of His Majesty's Dominions in Africa, and which shall be imported directly from thence into Great Britain, an Excise Duty of Tnrec-pence.

Duty shall be levied as former Duties on Coffee, See. and carried to British Consolidated Fund. §2, 3.

CAP. CXVIII.

An Act for better securing the Independence and Purity of Parliament, by preventing the procuring or obtaining of Scats in Parliament by corrupt Practices. [x9th June 1809.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make further Provifloo for preventing corrupt Practices in the procuring of Electionsaod Returns of Members to fit in the House of Commons: And Whereas the giving, or 1 procuring to be given, or promising to give or to procure to be given any Sum of Money, Gift, or Reward, or any Office, Place, Employment, or Gratuity, in order to procure the Return of any Member to serve in Parliament, if not given to or for the Use of some Person having a Right or claiming to have a Right to act as Returning Officer, or to vote at such Election, is not Bribery within the Meaning of an Act passed in the Second Year of King George ik\t Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing Bribery and Cor-

ruction in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, but such Gifts or Protnifes are contrary to the ancient Usage, Ri^ht, and Freedom of Elections, and contrary to the Laws and Cooftitution of this Realm; Be it declared and enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the passing of this Act, either by himself, t}erfdf, or themselves, or by any other Person or Persons for or on his, her, or their Behalf, give, or cause to be given, directly or indirrftly, or promise or agree to give any Sum of Money, Gift, or Reward, to any Person or Persons upon any Engagement, Contract, or Agreement, that such Person or Persons to whom, to whose Ufc, oroa whose Behalf such Gift or Promise shall be made, shall, by himself, herself, or themselves, or by any other Person or Persons whatsoever at his, her, or their Solicitation, Request or Command, procure or endeavour to procure the Return of any Person to serve in Parliament for any Couoty, Stewartry, City, Town, Borough, Cinque Port, or Place, every Person so having given or promised to give, if not returned himself to Parliament for such County, Stewartry, City, Town, Borough, Cinque Port, or Place, shall for every such Gift or Promise forfeit the Sum of One thousand Pounds, to be recovered in such Manner as is herein-ifter provided, with respect to the Sum of Five hundred Pounds 5 and every such Person so returned and so having given or so having promised to give, or knowing of and confrnting to such Gifts or Promises* upon any such Engagement* Contract, or Agreeement, shall be and is hereby declared and enacted to be difabkd and incapacitated to serve in that Parliament for such County, Stewartry, City, Town, Borough* Cinque Port, or Place, and that such Person shall be deemed and taken* and ti hereby declared and enacted to be deemed and taken to be no Member

A.D. 1809.

49° GEORGII III.

C. 118, 1 i 9. 915

Member, Forfeiture of his Seat; on the Party receiving,

Forfeiture of Money receive#.

Exception as to legal Jcixpeuces.

Penalties on Ferforo giving Of prom if) ng to give, or receiving any Office, &c. on express Contract to procure a Seal in Parliament, viz. 00 the Member of Parliament, and enacted to be, to all intents, Constructions, and Purposes, as if he had never been returned 4>r elected a Member i» Parliament j and any Person or Persons who Hi ill receive or accept of, by himself, herself, br themselves or by any other Person or Persons in trull for or to the Use or on the Behalf of him, her, or them, any such Sum of Money, Gift, or Reward, or any such Promise upon any such Engagement, C >ntrad, or Agreement, shall forfeit to His Majesty the Value and Amount of such Sum of Money, Gift, or Reward, over and above the Sam of Five hundred Pound?, which said Sum of Five hundred Pounds he, she, or they and sooi. shall forfeit to any Person who shall sue for the fame, to be recovered with such Costs of Suit by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster^ if the Offence be committed in that Pan of the United Kingdom called England and Wales, and in any of His Majesty's Conns of Record at Dublin, if the Offence be committed in Ireland, wherein respectively no Effoi^n or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and if the Offence be committed in Scotland\ then to be recovered with full Cods of Suit by summary Action or Complaint before the Court of Scfiior, or by Pro-fccution before the Court of Judiciary there.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Money paid or agreed to be paid to or by any Person, for any legal Exptncc bond Jide incurred at or concerning any E5cdion»

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the passing of this Act, by himself, herself, or thcwselves, or by any other Person or Persons for or on his, her, or their Behalf, give or procure to be given, or promise to give or procure to be given, any Office, Place, or Employment, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, upon any express Contract or Agreement that such Person or Persons, to whom or to whose Use or on whole Behalf such Gift or Promise shall be made, shall by himself, herself, or themselves, or by any other Person or Persons at his, her, or their Solicitation, Requed, or Command, procure or endeavourto procure the Return of any Person to serve io Parliament for any County, Stewartry, City,

Town, Borough, Cinque Port, or Piact, such Person so returned, and so having given or procured to be given, ^mrroUr or so having promised to give or procure to be given, or knowing of and consenting to such Gift or Promise

upon any such express Conirad or Agreement, shall be and is hereby declared and enacted to be disabled and of Scat; cm incapacitated to serve in that Parliament for such County, Stewartry, City, Town, Borough, Cinque Port, Receiver of thv or Place, and that such Person shall be deemed and taken, and is hereby declared and enacted to be deemed Office, For-snd taken to be no Member of Parliament, and enacted to be to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes as if k, tur?» he had never been returned or elected a Member in Parliament; and any Person who shall receive or accept of, by himself, herself, or themfdvc?, or by any other Person or Persons in trust for or to the Use or on the Giver of the Behalf of such Persons, any such Office, Place, or Employment, upon such express Contract or Agreement, Office, 1000l. shall forfeit such Office, Place, or Employment, and be incapacitated for holding the fame, and shall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, which laid Sum of Five hundred Pounds shall be recovered as is herein before enacted; and any Person holding any Office under His Majesty, who shall give such Office, Appointment, or Place, upon any such express Contrtd or Agreement, that the Person to whom or for whose Use such Office, Appointment, or Place fhdl have been given, shall so procure or endeavour to procure the Return of any Person to serve in Parliament, shall forfeit the Sum of One thousand Pounds, to be recovered in such Manner as is herein-before provided.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be made liable to any Forfeiture or Penalty by this Limitation of Ad created or imposed, unless some Prosecution, Action, or Suit, for the Offence committed, shall be Actions. adoarty and legally commenced against such Person within the Space of Two Years next after such Offence Two Years, against this Act shall be committed, and unless such Person shall be actually and legally arrested, summoned,

or otherwise served with any original or other Writ or Process within the same Space of Time, so as such Arrest, Sammons, or Service of any original or other Writ or Process shall not be prevented by such Person absconding or withdrawing out of the Jurisdiction of the Court out of which such original or other Writ or Process shall have iffoed; and in case of any such Prosecution, Suit, or Process as aforesaid, the same shall be proceeded ifl and carried on without any wilful Delay; and that all Statutes of Jeofails and Amendments of the Law whatever shall and may be construed to extend to all Proceedings in any such Pro- fccution, Action, or Suit.

CAP. CXIX.

An Act to give to the Persons named by His Majesty, pursuant to an Act passed in the last Session

of Parliament, intituled, An Act concerning the Administration of Justice in Scotland, and concerning Appeals to the House of Lords, further Time for making their Report or Reports.

[19th June 1809.]

Commissioners appointed under 48 G. 3. c. 151. §22. to inquire into the Forms of Process in the Court of u Session, &c. shall not be required to report the Whole of their Proceedings before May 12, 1810 — But the m £r0ccc<^njp ob any of the Objects of Inquiry may be reported in the mean Time* Report on the extracting H Decreets mall be made ou or before January 1, 18x0.

6 B

916

C. 120

AlU relating to the Irish Militia, viz*

Irish Aftt)

33 G. 3.C. 22.

05 G. 3. C. 8.

36 G, 3. c. 33.

37 G. 3. C. 19.

06 G. 3. C. 62. 40 G. 3. c. 1.

40 G. 3. C. 92. And also

41 G. 3. (U.K.) c. 6.

42 G. 3. c. 109.

Recited Affca repealed, except as to Penalties, &c. and except as to Officers, &c. appointed under former Acts.

Number of Regiments and

initial ions ot' Militia for each County, &«. in

Irduud.

Ix>rd Lieutenant and Council may augment Regiments not having Jen Companies,

49° GEORGII III. A.D. 1809.

CAP. CXX.

An Act: for amending and reducing into One Act of Parliament the several Laws for raising anf training the Militia of Ireland. [ipth June 1809.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Laws now in force for ratGng and training the Mditia of Ireland

should be repealed, and that new Provili mt should be trade for the fame; I3c it therefore rnafted, by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Commencement of this Act, the several Acts herein after mentioned shall be repealed; that is to f»y, an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An del for amending and reducing info One /1st of Parliament the Laws relating to the Militia of Ireland and also an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty fitch Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to explain and amend the said recited Act of the Thirty.third Year a fore fa id; and also an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, further to explain and amend the said recited Acts of the Thirty-third and Thirty.fifth Years aforesaid; and also an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty-seventh Year of Hi' present Majesty's Reign, intituled, /in A & to explain anti amend the Laws now in force relating to the Militia of this Kingdom; and also an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to further explain and amend the Laws now in force relating to the Militia of this Kingdom; and also an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty Js Reign, intituled, An Act for maiding His Majesty to accebt the Services of Volunteers from the Militia under certain Restrictions, and for amending tie Law relative to the Militia of i reland, so far as the said Act is in force immediately before the passing of this Act; and also anothtr Act made in the Parliament of Ireland io the said Fortieth Year, for amending the Lid tint recited Act of the Thirty-third Year aforesaid; and also an Act made in the Parliament of the United Kingdom in the Forty Aft Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for increasing the Number of Field Officers of the several Regiments of Militia in Ireland \ and also an Act made in the Forty-feoond Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for authorizing and rendering valid the Discharge of certain Militia Men in Ireland, and for giving Indemnity to the several Cuuntut and Places in Ireland, which may incur any Expence in consequence of the Discharge of certain Militia Men, except only so much of the fad last-mentioned Act as relatts to Militia Men discharged before the passing of this present Act; and the said several Acts are hereby repealed, except as aforesa; d; and also except so Ur as the said recited Acts or any of them repeal any former Act or Acts of Parliament, or any Clause, Matter, or Thing therein; and also save and except as to any Proceeding for the Punish nent of any Person or Persons for or io respect of any Offence or Offences which shall before the Commencement of this Act have been committed against any of the said Acts; and save so far as may be otherwise provided by this Act; and also save-and except that all and every Commissions, Deputations, Appointments, and EnrolmeRts of any Officer, Noncomnui-honed Officer, Drummer, or Private, or of any Governor, Deputy Governor, or inferior Civil Officer, which shall have been made under the said Act* or any of them, before the Commencement of this Act, shall stand and remain in full Force and Effect; and all and every Officer, Nomcomunffioned Officer, Drummer, and Private, Governor, Deputy Governor, or other Civil Officer, duly app inted or enrolled under the said Acts* or any of them, shall stand, remain, and continue in the fame Plight, Capacity, and Situation refjptftively, and shall continue serving in the said Militia, in all Respects as if this Act had not patted; and that all Matters and Things whatsoever which shall have been done under and by virtue of the said reciud Acts or any of them before the Commencement of this Act, shall be of the fame Force, Validity, and EfTcft, in all Respects, as if this Act had not patted; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That the several Regiments or Battalions of Militia in Ireland shall respectively be as follows; that is to say, there shall be for the County of Cork Two Regiments, each of Eight Companies; for each of the Counties of the Citiea of Cork and Dublin, One Regiment of Eight Companies; for each of the Counties of Tyrone, Galway, Londonderry<t Tipperary, Donegal and Wexford\ Ooe Regiment of Ten Companies; for each of the Counties of Antrim, Meath, Waterford, County and Couaty ot City; Kerry* Monaghan, Armagh, King's County, Limerick, Kilkenny, County and County of City, and iRoJcommon, One Regiment of Eight Companies; for the County of Mayo Two Battalions, each of Seven Companies j for each of the Counties of Clare, Queen j County, Wicklow, Westmtath, Leitrim, Cavan, Sligo, Fermanagh, Dublin, Longford, Kildare, and Carlow, One Battalion of Six Companies; for the County of the City of Limerick, One Battalion of Six Companies; for the County of Louth (including the County of the Town of Drogheda) One Regiment of Nine Companies; and for the County of Down Two Battalions of Six Companies.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, by and with the Advice of His Majesty's Privy Council in Ireland, from Time to Time, taking into Consideration the Number of Men fit and liable to serve its the said Militia in any County or County of a City which by this Act is required to raise any Regiment or Battalion confiding oflcfs than Ten Companies, and also taking into Consideration the Proportion which such Number of Men shall bear to the Numbers of such Men in other Couoties or Counties of Cities, to order that any Regiment or Battalion confiding of less than Ten Companies, shall be augmented by increasing the Number of Companies therein respectively; lo always that no Battalion consisting of Six Companies, nor any Regiment confitting of Eight Companies, shall be augmented by more than Two Companies; and that no Battalion of Seven Companies, nor any Regiment of Nine Companies, shall be augmented by more than One Company; and that every such Company so to be added shall contain and consist of the fame Number of Officers, Noa-coqu Buifiontd Officers, Drummers, and Privates respectively, as the other Battalion Companies of the kmc Regiment

or

9*7

A.D. 1809. 49 GEORGII III. C. 120.

or Battalion shall from Time to Time consist of 5 and that the Men of such Companies shall be raised in like Manner as the Men of the other Companies of such Regiment or Battalion.

IV. And be it further ene&ed, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Appointment Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland. from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, to appoint a Colonel ot'Colones

for every such Rrgiment or Battalion of Militia in Ireland: Provided always, that no Perfoti shall be Colonel of,

Two Raiments or Battalions of Militia, or of a Regiment and Battalion: Provided also, that it shall be lawful eadi H^imeuu1 for the Colonel of any Regiment or Battalion of the said Militia, to tender his Resignatiofl of his Commission of &c.

Co onel of any such Regiment or Battalion to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of their Refig-Ireland for the Time being, and it shall be lawful for such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or nation, &c. Governors to accept any such Resignation, and also to appoint such fit and qualified Person or Persons as tie or they shall from Time to Time think proper, to be Coionel or Colonels in the Stead and Place of any Colonel or Colonels so resigning as aforesaid, and in the Stead and Place of any Colonel or Colonels who may happen to die Or be removed, as the Case may be.

V. And be it further enacted, That the other Officers of the several Regiments and Battalions of Militia Other Offirem aforesaid, according to the ordinary Establishments hereafter mentioned, shall be as follows respectively; that of Regiment* is to say, One Lieutenant Colonel and One M^jor to each Regiment or Battalion, and One Captain, Ooc Companies Lieutenant, and One Ensign to each Battalion Company: Provided also, and it shall be lawful for every Battalion to have One Company of Grenadiers or Light Infantry, to which, instead of One Lieutenant and One

Ensign, Two Lieutenants shall be appointed; and it shall be lawful for every Regiment to have One Company Grenadiers and of Grenadiers, and also One Company of Light Infantry, to each of which Companies, inllead of One Lieu- Light Infantry, tenant and One Ensign, Two Lieutenants shall be appointed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the ordinary Establishment of each Company in the said Militia shall be Ordinary Sixty-five Privates, Four Serjeants, Five Corporals, and Two Drummers; and that io each Regiment or LikbUftiment Battalion there shall be Two Staff Serjeants, that is to f<*y, a Serjeant Major, and a Quarter Matter Serjeant;

and also a Drum Major, and Two Fifers, over and above the said Serjeants, Corporals, Drummers, and Privates directed for each Company; ard that to each Regiment or Battalion there shall be One Adjutant, One Appointments. Paymaster, One Quarter Mailer, One Surgeon, and One Assistant Surgeon; and to each and every Regiment whole Ellabhshment shall br One thousand Rank and File, or more, there shall be Two Assistant Surgeons.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Colonel of any Regiment or Battalion of the said Militia Additional shall be desirous of keeping up a greater Number of Drummers than Two per Company, to be employed as Drummers and Fifers or Musiciang for the Use of the said Regiment or Battalion, and shall be willing to defray the Expence of Fifcri.

such additional Drummers, it shall and may be lawful for such Colonel to retain in such Regiment or Battalion any Number of the Drummers who shall be employed as Fifers or Musicians therein, over and above the Number of Two Drummers per Company established by this Act, and at any Time hereafter to engage any additional Number of Drummers to act as Fifers or Musicians accordingly; and all such Drummers so retained, or in future engaged to serve in any such Cases as Fifers or Musicians, shall be deemed Drummers of Militia to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and shall be subject to the fame Orders, Regulations, Penalties, and Punifti-ments, as other Drummers of Militia shall by Law from Time to Time be subject to, and shall continue to serve as Drummer* so long as they shall receive the same Pay and Clothing as other Drummers have, or better Pay and Clothing in lieu thereof, and no longer.

VIII. ' Ai-d whereas by an Act passed in the Forty-fourth Year of His Majesty's Reigr, intituled, An Aff

for empowering His Majesty to dire ft the Augmentation of His Militia Forces in Ireland io an Extent therein limited\

Power was given to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland for the Time being, to issue his Orders to any Colonel of under any Regiment or Battalion of the Militia of Ireland, to enrol and receive into the fame such Volunteers as should 44 G. 3. c. 33.

offer to serve therein, provided that the whole Number should not exceed One hundred Rank and File per Com-

piny, with the usual Proportion of Commissioned and Non-commissioned Officers: And whereas in pursuance of the said Act, Orders have been so issued for the Augmentation of the following Regiments or Battalions to the full Numbers allowed by the said Act; that is to say, the Antrim % Armagh, Carlow, Cavan, Cork, South Down, North Down, Dublin County % Dublin City, Galway, Kerry, Kilkenny, King's County, Leitrim, Limerick County, Limerick City, Londonderry, Louth, Mayo North, Mayo South Meath, Monaghan* Queen's County,

Roscommon, Sligo, Tipperary, Tyrone, Westmfath, Wexford, and Wicklow, which Augmentation, by the ' Terms oi the said Act, was to continue only during the present War: Be it therefore enacted, That during the Continuance of the present War, the Establishment of the said Regiments shall be Five Serjeants and One hundred Rank and File, including Five Corporals per Company; and that the Number of Officers shall, during such Augmentation and no longer, be as followt, that is to say; Two Lieutenant-Colonels, aid Two Majors to each Regiment, and One Lieutenant Colonel and Two Majors to each Battalion so augmented; and to every Company so augmented, whether in a Regiment or Battalion, One Captain, Two Lieutenants, and One Ensign; and every Grenadier and Light Infantry Company, confiding of the like Number of One hundred Men each, shall have One Captain and Three Lieutenants.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Lord Lieutenant Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, to issue his Orders in like Manner for a similar may augment Augmentation of any of the other Regiments or Battalions of the Militia of Ireland, which have not been so Beguneats not augmented, and that from thenceforth during the present War the Establishment of such Regiment or Battalion

shall be such Number of Men per Company, not exceeding One Hundred Rank and File, as shall be specified^q 3. r ay! in the Warrant directing such Augmentation, with the Proportion of Commissioned and Non-commissioned Officers aforesaid; and all the Clauses, Matters and Things in the said recited Act of the Forty-fourth Year of His present Majesty contained relative to such Augmentation, and to the advancing and raisiqg the Sums

necessary

Colonels shall H|-|»oint Office is, fuiijeet to the l)itapj)ro|*; itiun of lx*id Liru*

V nani within louiicco l)a\s.

Officers' Commissions shall continue though Colonel's revoked, &c. Military Officers shall have chief Command of K< laments, and not Governors, &c. His Majesty may signify II is Tlcalure to the Colonel for di (placing Officers.

In the Absence of Colonel, his Powers shall vert in the next in Command.

Qualification of Officers; Colonel.

Lieut. Col.

Major.

Captain.

Lieutenant.

£nffgn»

TVWty of Colon*!'* and Lientenant-Colvnel's Qn'(litieation in the County.

C. 120.

49° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1809.

neet-fary for eflfecting the fame, shall stand and remain in full Force and Efftft j any Thing herein-before contained 10 the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for every Colonel of the said M litia, when appointed, from Time to Tirar to appoint the Number aforesaid respectivrly of Lieutenant-Colonels, Majors, Adjutant?, Pay-mailers, Surgeons, Quarter Masters and A (Tift ant Surgeons, and all other Officers for his Regiment or Battalion, qualified as herein after directed; and every Colonel so appointing any such Officer shall certify to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, the Names and Ranks of all such Officers so appointed} and in case the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Irrlnnd for the Time being, shall, within Fourteen Days after such Certificate shall have been laid before him or them, figaify his or their Disapprobation of any of the Persons so appointed, it shall rot be lawful for the said Colonels or any of them, to grant a Commission to any Person so dtlaporoved, but Comm: flions shall be granted to all such Persons so appointed, who shall not be so disapproved as aforesaid 5 and all Officers of the said Militia shall rank with the Officers of His Majesty's Forces as youngest of their Rank.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Commission of any Oflfi £r in the Militia shall be vacated by reason of the Revocation, Expiration, Resignation, or other Discontinuaocc of the Conrur.tffion of the superior Officer by whom he was appointed.

XII. And be it further ena&ejl. That the Commanding Officer for the Time being of each Regiment or Battalion of the Militia in Ireland, shall have the chief Command of such Regiment or Battalion, notwithstanding any Order, Direction, Matter, or Thing contained io any Commission or Appointment of a Governor or Governors of any County in Ireland.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs and Successorf, from Time to Time as he or they shall think fit, to signify his or their Pleasure to the Colonel or other Commanding Officer of any such Regiment or Battalion of Militia, to difpiace all or any Officers or Officer of Militia serving under him in such Regiment or Battalion; and upon such Signification of his or their Plcafurr, the same shall be displaced accordingly 5 and that it shall and may be lawful for the Colonel of any such Regiment or Battalion to accept the Resignation of any Officer of his Regiment or Battalion, and und»-r all Cases of Vacancy by Resignation, Death, Removal, or otherwise, it shall and may be lawful for such Colonel to appoint such other fit and qualified Persons as he shall think proper to fill up such Vacancy, in like Manner and under like Restrictions as he is by this Act empowered originally to appoint any Officer or Officers.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That when any Colonel of any Regiment or Battalion of Militia shall be absent from the United Kingdom, all Powers which shall from Time to Time be given by Law to such Colonel, whether in filling Vacancies in such Regiment or Battalion, or in any other Way whatsoever, shall be vested in and lawfully may be exercised by the next Officer in Command in such Regiment or Battalion who shall be residing within the United Kingdom, until such Colonel shall be returned to the United Kingdom, and shill have notified his Arrival to the Officer entitled to exercise the said Powers during his Absence; and all Acts. Matters, and Things done by such Officer next in Command as aforesaid, in exercising the Powers legally vetted in Colontls, shall be pood and valid in the Law equally as if they had been done by the Colonel himself.

XV. And be it enacted, That every Person to be appointed a Colonel of the said Militia, shall be feifird of a Real or Freeh Id Ettate of the Yearly Value of Two Thousand Poundr, or shall be Heir Apoarent of some Person whofhaft bt fei led of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the Yearly Value of Three Thousand Pounds; and every Person to be appointed a Lieutenant Colonel, shall be seised of a Real or Freehold Estate, or shall be poll* tied of a Term of Years whereof Fourteen Years shall be unexpired, of the Yearly Value of One thousancj Two hundred Pounds, or shall he Heir Apparent of some Person who shall in like Manner be seised or poffifled of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the Yearly Value of One thousand eight hundred Pounds; and every Person to be appointed a Major, shall in hkc Manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the Yearly Value of Three hundred Pound?, or shall be Heir Apparent of some Person who shall in like Manner be seised or possefiVd of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the Yearly Value of Six hundred Pounds; and every Person to be appointed a Capra»n, shall in like Manner be leifed or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the Yearly Value ot Two hundred Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent of some Person who shall in like Manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the Yearly Value of Four hundred Pounds, or shall be a younger Son of some Person who shall in like Manner be ftifid or poffifled, or who shall have been at the Time of his Death in like Manner seised or poffifled of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the Yearly Value of Four handled Pounds; 2nd every Person to be appointed a Lieutenant, shall in lik - Manner be seised or poffi (Ted of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the Yearly Value of Fifty Pounds, or shall be poffifled of a Personal Estate alone, to the Amount of Five hundred Pounds, nr shall be Son of some Person who shall be, or who shall have bten at the Time of his or her Death, in like Manner seised or poffifled of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the Yearly Value of One hundred Pound?, or who shall be, or who shall have been st the Time of his or her Death, poffifled of a P.-rfonal Estate alone, to the Amount of O re thousand Pound?; and that every Person who shall be appointed ail Enlign, shall in like Marner be ieif d or poffifled of a hkc Estate as aforesaid, of the Yearly Value of Twenty Pounds, or shall be posscfTcd of a Personal Estate, or seised or possessed of a Real or Freehold Estate and Personal Estate together, to the Amount of Two hundred ai d fifty Pounds, or shall be Son of some Person who shall be, or who shall have been at his or her Dcith, in like Manner seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the Yearly Value of Fifty Pounds, or who shall he, or who at the Time of his or her Death was possessed of a Personal Estate alone, to the Amount of Three hundred Pounds, five and except in the Cases herein after particularly mentioned: Provided always, that OnC Moiety it the lea ft of the Qualification of the Colonel and Lieutenant-C lonel, shall be situated within the County to the Milfiia of which he shall be appointed Colonel or Lieutenant-Colonel.

XVI.

C. 120

A.D. 1809.

49 GEORGII III.

919

Qualification of Officers in Dublin, Cork, and Limerick Chics; Colonel.

Lieut. Col.

Major.

Captain.

Officers shall deliver their Qualifications to Clerk of the Peace.

Clerk of the Peace shall readier Qualifications, insert Commissions live

XVI. And be it enacted, That every Colonel or Commanding Officer of the Militia of the said Cities of Dublin, Cork, and Limerick respectively, shall be seised or possessed, either in Law or Equity, for his own Ufc and Benefit, in Possession of a Real or Freehold Estate, or of a Terra of Years whereof Fourteen Years shall he unexpired, of the Yearly Value of One thousand Pounds, or shall be possessed of a Personal Estate alone, or (tiled or possessed of Real and Personal Estate together of the Value of Ten thousand Pounds; and every Lieutenant-Colonel of the Militia of the said Citiea shall in like Manner be ftifed or possessed of a like Estate of the Yearly Value of Six hundred Pounds, or shall be possessed of a Personal Estate alone, or seised and poss flVd of a Ileal or Freehold and Personal Estate together, of the Value of Five thousand Pounds; aid every Major thereof shall in like Manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate of the Yearly Value of One hundred and titty Pounds, or shall be possessed of a Personal Estate, or seised and pofftfled of a Real or Freehold and Personal Estate tog-ther, of the Value of Three Thousand Pounds; and every Captain thereof shall in I ke Manner be seised or possessVd of a like Estate of the Yearly Value of One hundred Pounds, or shall be possffed of a Real or Freehold and Personal Estate together, of the Value of One thousand five hundred Pounds; and every Lieu- Lieutenant, tenant thereof shall in like Manner be seised or possessed of the like Estate of the Yearly Value of Twenty-

live .Pounds, or shall be possessed of a Personal Estate, or seised or possessed of a Real or Freehold and Personal Estate together, of the Value of Seven hundred and fifty Pounds; and every Ensign thereof shall in hke Manner Enfijn. be seised or possessed of a like Estate of the Yearly Value of Ten Pounds* or shall be poffffhd of a Personal Estate, or seised and possessed of a Real or Freehold and Personal Estate together of the Value of Four hundred Pounds.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That no Person (hill hereafter be appointed to any Commission in the Militia, who shall require a Qualification in respect of Property by virtue of this Act, until he (tall have delivered into the Clerk of the Peace of the County or City for, Vrhich he shall be appointed, or in the Absence of the Clerk of the Peace to his Deputy, a specific Description in Writing, signed by himself, of his Qualification, Hating the County or Counties, Barony or Baronies, Parish or Parishes in which the Estate or Eftatfs which form his Qialification is or are situate, with the Denominations of the Lands; and the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy shall transmit to the Custos Rotulorum, or Senior Governor of the County, or Chief Magistrate of the City, a Copy of such Description; and no Commission to be granted by virtue of this Act shall be valid, unless it be declared in the Commission that the Officer to whom the Commission is given hath delivered in his Qualification as directed.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the Peace of every County or City shall and he is hereby required from Time to Time, to enter the Qualifications transmitted to him according to the Dirtftions of this Act, upon a Roll to be provided and kept for that Purpose, ard to cause to be inverted in the Dublin Gazette the Dates of the Commissions, and the Names and Rank of the Officers hereafter to be appointed, in like Manner as Commissions in the Army are published in the War Office; and he is hen by authorized to charge the Expence of receiving and recording such Certificates respectively, and of such Infcrtion in the Gazette, not Ca*ett«, &c* exceeding the Sum of Ten Shillings for each Commission, to the Collector of His Majesty's Revenue of the County or District, who is hereby directed to pay the same; and the said Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy shall, in the Month of January in every Year, transmit to the Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, a complete Account of the Qualifications so left with him; and such Secretary receiving such Accounts, shall cause Copies thereof to be annually laid before both Houses of Parliament; and every Commissioned Officer shall, at some General Quarter S (Tons of the Peace, or in One of His Majesty's Coups of Record at Dublin, within Three Months from and after the Date of their Commissions respectively, take such Oath or Oaths, and make and sign such Declaration or Declarations, as is, are, or shall be required to be taken, made, and signed by the Officers of His Majesty's other Forces*

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it any Person shall execute any of the Powers hereby directed to be executed by Colonel*, Lieutenant-Colonels, or Majors, not being qualified as aforesaid, or without having delivered in such specific Description of his Qualifications a9 is herein-before required, save in the Cases herein after particularly mentioned, or shall omit to take the said Oaths and make the Lid Declaration within the Time hereby directed for those Purposes, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds;nd if any Person shall execute any of the Powers hereby directed to be executed by Captains, Lieutenants, or Ensigns, not being qualified as aforesaid, or without having delivered in such specific Description of his Qialification as is herein-before required, or shall omit to take the said O-tths, and declare as before directed, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, One Moiety of which Penalties shall go to the Use of the Person who shall sue for the fame; and in every Action, Suit, or Information brought against any Person for acting as Colonel, Lieutenant-Colonel, Major, Captain, Lieutenant, or Enlign, not being qualified as herein-before directed, the Proof of his Qualification shall be upon the Person against whom the same shall be brought.

XX. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained, shall restrain or prevent any Peer of this Realm, or Heir Apparent of ary such Peer, from being appointed or acting as a Commissioned Officer in the Militia, within any County or City wherein such Peer, or Heir Apparent of such Peer, shall have some Place of Reli-dence, although he may not have the Qualification herein-before required, nor to oblige any Peer of this Realm, or Heir Apparent of such Peer, who shall be appointed a Commissioned Offiter as aforesaid, to leave with the Clerk of the Peace for the County or City for which he shall be appointed any Qualification in.

Writing as aforesaid.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That every Adjutant to be appointed as aforesaid, shall be a Person who Appointment oi shall have aftuaEy served in so^je of His Majesty's Regular Forces for the Space of Three Years* or in the Adjutant*, embodied Militia, for Five Years, or for such Time in the embodied Militia, as together with his Service in

the Regular Forces shall in the whole make Fiv$ Years) and if such Adjutant shall be appointed out of His Majesty's

Officers shall taka the Oaths,

Penalty on unqualified lYrtons, Colonels, 8tc.

Captains, $.c»

Exemptions as to Peers and the Lx. Sous,

920

C. 120

Surgeons shall hr qualified aa Ar.ny Surgeous.

Adjuranf,

}*ay Mailer, &c. shall not hold any other I omoiiihou.

Appointment of Strjcants, &c.

Oath of bcijcauts, Sec.

Scijeants Major and Drum Majur.

Adjutants, &.C. shall he always subject to the Mutiny Ail.

Rates of Pay to Adjutants, l*c. when Militia is Dot embodied.

Serjeants, &. c. shall not keep Public Houses. Mi litia Men shall not be Peace OlHcers, fce. (X>urts Martial on Serjeants, &c. while Militia IS Dot embodied.

49° GEORGII III. A.D. 1809.

Majesty* other Forces, he shall during his Service in the Militia prefenre his Rank in the Army in the same Manner a* if he had continued in that Service; and it shall be lawful for the Colonel of any Regiment or Bat* talion of Militia to appoint the Adjutant of such Regiment or Battalion to the Rank of Captain by Brevet, provided such Adjutant has served Five Years as Adjutant in the Militia, or in His Majesty's other Forces, although such Adjutant may rot have the Qualifications required by Law for the Captains; Provided always, that no such Appointment to the Rank of Captain shall be valid, unless in the Instrument granting the fame it be specified in what Regiment or Battalion, and whether of the Militia or of His Majesty's other Forces, such Adjutant hath served, and what was or were the Date or Date* of his Commission or Commissioni: Provided also, that no Adjutants so appointed to the Rank of Captain shall, by the Date of such Appointment as aforesaid or otherwise, be entitled to rank above or to command any Captain of a Company in the Militia.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That no Surgeon, or Affiftatit Surgeon, shall be capable of serving in the M-litia, unless he shall have been certified by the Royal College of Surgeons in Dublin, London, or Edinburgh, after due Examination, to be properly qualified in like Manner as Surgeons in the Army are required to be certified; and that no Person who is or shall be Surgeon of a County Hospital or Infirmary established by Act of Parliament, shall be capable of serving in the Miinia, while he continues Surgeon of such Hospital or Infirmary.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person who at any Time after the Commencement of this Act shall be appointed Adjutant, Paymaster, Surgeon, Quarter Mailer, or Assistant Surgeon in the said Militia, shall be cnp .ble of holding any Commiflun in the find Militia, favc and exetpt the Comnvffion of Adjutant, Paymaster, Surgeon. Quarter Matter, or Adittant Surgeon rtfpc&ivdv :and that no Officer holding any Commission in the said Mthtia shall be capable of being appointed Adjutant, Paymaster, Surgeon, Quarter* Matter, or Assistant Surgeon.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Staff Serjeants, Serjeants, Corporals, Drummers and Fifcr*, shall and may, from Time to Time, be appointed by »he Colonel of the Regiment or Battalion; and that all Staff Serjeants, Serjeants, Corporals, Drummers and Filers, may be dischargred by such Colonel from Tune to Time; and that all Staff Stijeaots, Serjeants, Corporals, Diummers and F'fers, who shall at any Time have received any Pay za such from any Regiment or Battalion, shall be deemed to be engaged, and be compellable to serve in such Regiment or Battalion, until they shall be discharged by the Colonel of the Regiment or Bat* talion to which they shall respectively belong.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That every Person who at any Time after the Commencement of this Act, shall be appointed to be a Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer of the said Militia, shall take the following Oath, that is to say,

T si. B. do solemnly promise and swear. That I w ill be faithful and bear true Allegiance to His Majesty King George, and that I will faithfully serve in the Mtlitia of Ireland, until I shall be legally discharged/

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Colonel of any Regiment or Battalion of the said Militia, msy appoint the Scijcant Major and the Quartermaster Serjeant out of the Serjeants, and the Drum Major out of the

Drummers.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That every Adjutant, Pay Matter, Surgeon, 'Serjeant Major, Quarter* matter Serjeant, Serjeant, Corporal, Drum Major, and Drummer of the said Militia, shall he at all Tunes subject to any Ad which shall be in force for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarter?, and the Articles of War, under the Command of the Colonel of the Regiment or Battalion to which he belongs.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That during any such Time as the Militia shall not be embodied and drawn out into adnal Service, the daily Pay of every such Adjutant, Pay Matttr, and Surgeon respectively, shall be Six Shillings each; and the daily Pay of every .Serjeant MJj: >r, Quartermaster Srrjtant, Scrj ant, Corporal, and Drummer respid vely, when not in actual Service, but resident at the Head Quarters of the Regiment, Battalion, or Coroc, shall be as follows; that is to say, One Shilling and .Sixpence per Day for each Serjeant, with the Addition of Two Shillings and Sixpence per Week for each Serjeant M*jor and Quartermaster Serjeant; One Shilling and Two-pence per Day for each Corporal; and One Shilling/er Day lor each Drummer, with the Addition of Sixpence per Day for each Drum Major; Provided always, that where any Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer, shall be abftnt on Furlough or Licence, such Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer, fhdl during such Absence, receive the Rates of Pay following; that is to say, every Serjeant the Sum of One Shilling, every Corporal the Sum of Eight pence, and every Drummer the Sum ol Sixpence per Day, and no more.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it en*&ed, That ro Person who shall keep any House of publick Entertainment, or who shall fell any Ale, or Wine, or Spiritnous Liquors by Retai', shall be capable of being appointed or serving as a Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer in the Militia, nor shall any Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer, or Private of the Militia, while he shall continue such, be compelled to serve as a Peace Officer, or a Parish Officer, or to serve in any of His Majestys Sea Force?.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it ttnlt be lawful for the Conlonel of any Rtgimentor Battalion of the said Militia, or in his Absence the Officer edlually in command of such Regiment or Battalion, to direct the holding of Courts Martial as herein after dirt&ed, for the Trial of any Serjeant Major. Serjeant, Corporal, Drum Major, or Drummer of such Regiment or Battalion, by a Regimental Court Martial, for any Offence against this Act or against the Articles of War, committed during the Time such Reg'ment or Battalion shall not be embodied, but so that no Punishnsent thereon shall extend to the Loss of Life or Limb; and it shall be lawful for the Colonel of the Regiment or Battalion to which the Person on whom such C<iu»t Martial is to be held shall belong, to order any Officers of the Militia of the County, County of a City, or Town, or Place to which such Regiment or Battalion shall belong, actually resident within the Town where such Serjeant

ajor'

A.D. 1809. 49° GEORGII III. C. 120. 921

Major, Serjeant, Corporal, Drum Major, or Drummer 19 to be tried, or within Fifteen Miles thereof, to attend and aflifl as Members of such Court Martial, who shall thereupon attend at the Time required, and assist accordingly; but no Officer shall be entitled to receive Pay for any such Attendance: Provided always, that no Sentence of any Court Martial held as aforesaid on any Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Corporal,

Drum M*jnr, and Drummer, shall be put in Execution until it shall have been confirmed by such Coioncl or Commanding Officer.

XXXI. And be it fur* her enacted, That any Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer of the Miitia, may, by Stcjeants, fte. Sentence of a Court Martial, or by Order of the Colonel of the Regiment, be reduced to the Condition of a may U reduced Private Militia Man, and such Person so reduced shall be bound to serve as Inch Private Militia Man, for any to Ue

Time not exceeding Fifteen Months, in case the Regiment or Battalion to which he belongs shall not be then embodied or called out in actual Service; and in case the Regiment or Battalion to which he belongs shall be then embodied or called out into aftud Service, such Person lo ordered shall be bound to serve as aforesaid until the disembodying of the said Regiment or Battalion; and that after the Expiration of the Time during which such Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer shall be so bound to serve as a Private Man, such Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer, if not regularly re-appointed to the Rank of a Non-commissioned Officer or Drummer, shall be d.f-charged from the Service.

XXXII. And be it further ensued, That no Officer servir g in the Militia of Ireland shall fit in any Court ]\p!ioa Oftms Martial upon the Trial of any Officer, Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier serving in any of His Majesty's shall not fit on

other Force#, nor shall any Officer serving in His Majesty's other Forces fit in any Court Martial upon the t-VAut Martial Trial of any Officer, Non-commissioned Officer, or Private Man serving in the said Militia: Provided always, of Regulars, &c. that any Colonel or Officer serving in the said Militia, and at the same Time holding a Commission in any other of His Majesty's Forces, on the Half-pay thereof, may lit upon any Court Martial upon the Trial of any Officer, Non-commissioned Officer, or Private, in His Majesty's other Forces; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Acceptance by any Officer of the said Militia, except the

Colonel, of any Commission in any of his Majesty's Regular Forces, shall, from the Date of such Commission (U1>/; n

so accepted, absolutely vacate any Commission such Officer may hold in the Militia of Ireland, the' Regular

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Acceptance of any Commission in any Regiment or Militia Commif-Battalion of the said Militia, shall not nor shall be contlrued to vacate the Seat of any Member returned to serve fion shall not

in Parliament. vacate Seat m

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That no Officer who is or shall be entitled to Half-pay, shall be deemed Parliament, or taken to forfeit or quit such Half-pay, during the Time he shall serve in any Regiment or Battalion of Militia,

but that the same shall nevertheless continue; and in(tead of the Oath directed by any Act for punishing Mutiny t'oiieit Holland Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, to be taken by such Officer, he pAy.

shall take the following Oath;

I A. B- do swear. That I had not between the any Place or Employment of Profit,

Civil or Military, under His Majesty, beside? my Allowance of Half-Pay, as reduced

9 late Regiment of save and except my Pay for serving in a R-rgiment of Militia.'

And the taking of the said Oath shall, without taking any other Oath, be fcfficient to entitle such Person to receive his Half-pay.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That any Person being a Serjeant, Letterman or other Pensioner, on the Establishment of Kilmainham or Chelfed Hospitals, at the Allowance of such Hospitals or either of them, and being appointrd to serve in the Militia, shall and may receive the said Hospital Allowance, together with hk Pay from the said Miutia; and any Person who shall have faithfully served as a Serjeant, or as a Corporal or Drummer in the said M'litia for Twenty Years, and who shall be discharged on account of Age or Infirmity, shah on the Recommendation of the Commanding Officer of the Regiment or Battalion to which he belongs, be entitled to Examination at the Kilmainham Board, and be capable to be placed on the Pension of such Hospital, if the said Board should judge him dtferving thereof: Provided always, that ail Payments of any Pension which at a^y Time after the passing of an Act of the Thirty-fifth Year of H13 present Majesty's Reign, herein-before recited and repealed, and before the passing of this Act, shall have been made to any Serjeants, Letcermen or other Pensioners, shall be and the same are hertby declared to be good and valid to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever > and that all such Serjeants, Lettermcn and other Pensioners, as at the Time of the passing of this Act are in the Receipt of any such Pensions shall continue in the Receipt of the same as heretofore; and that any Serjeant, Letterman or other Peniicner on the Eflabhshment of Chelsea Hospital, who at any Tixe after the passing of this Act shall voluntarily enter into the Militia of Ireland, shall be placed on the Establishment of the Royal Hospital of Kilmainham from the Day of his having entered into such Militia, and shall from such. Day and during his Continuance in the said Militia, receive such Pension, and no more, as a Pensioner of the like Class on the EllaMishment of Kilmainham Hospital shall be entitled to receive, as if he had been originally on that Establishment, and not on the Establishment of Chrffea.

CUtlfca Pensioner entering imp Militia final) be entitled to Kilmainham

H; t!f-j/ay Officei*Oath.

Pensioners serv-

in^ in Militia flall receive vhe Allowance.

Serjeants, Corporals, ami Drummers '1 wewly Years in the Militia, and dischuiged lor A^e or Infirmity, on being recommended as here!* may

be |ilaced oil hilmainlum Pen fiu 11.

Penfi.on paid under (.. e. v. declao d valid. lYnfioa.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Muskets, Bayonets, Swords, Stores, and Accoutrements, ^rm % shall be delivered for the Service of the said Militia, shall be marked in some distinct Place with the Letter (M) and luarkcd.

the Name of the County to which they belong.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing, and other Store?, be- Mutant and longing to every Regiment or Battalion of the said Militia, when not embodied, shall be kept in such convenient Place within the County, County of a City, or Town, to which such Regiment or Battalion shall belong, t)fficcra

is the Colonel or other Commandant of such Regiment or Battalion shall direct, with the Approbation of the ^\\ r.side 49 Geo. III. 6 C Lord where the Anas

C. I 20,

92 2

49° GEORGII III. A.D. 1809.

«* krpt, am! t.ike Care thrrrof, and make Monthly Ret or as.

Militia fluill he < alletl out in tln'ir (.'ountie; ', 28 Days for annual Exercise when not embodied.

Notice of Time nd Place of Exerc ifing shall be sent by Clerk of General Meeting to Chief Constable of Barony, and by him to Con-flablea of Par 1 (he*. Jvibrlivifton Clerks shall fend Lists of Pnrions enrolled

to Colonels, &c.

Penalty on Militia Men aot appearing, or dtCcrting, Itt. lOi.

Penalty on harbouring Deserters, 5l.

Penalty on felhttg Arm*, 51.

Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being; and that the Ad*

jutanc, and One Third at Itaff in Number of the Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, 10 every Regiment or Battalion rf the said Militia, shall he constantly resident within the City, Town, or Place, where the Arms belonging to such Regiment or Battalion are so kept, and Rich Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, shall be under the Command of the Adjutant, who (had aft in such Command under the Orders of the Colonel or other Commanding Ofli er of such Regiment or Bittalion; and that the Adjutant, and in the Absence of the Adjutant, the Serjeant-Maj >r, shall have free Access to the Arms, Accoutrements, C'othing, and other Storc3 as aforesaid, and Ih »li cause the same to be examined, cleaned 2nd preserved by the said Serjeant?, Corporals, and Drummers from Time to Time, as the same shall be necessary, and shall make a Monthly Return of the true State of the Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, and of the said Anns, Accoutrements, Clothing, and other Stores, of the Regiment or Battalion resp.*ftively, to the Governor or Governor* of the County, and to the Commanding Officer of the said Regiment or Battalion; and in case of any Default and Neglect therein, such Adjutant or Scjeant-Mjj<>r (hill for every such Offence. Neglect, or Default, be subject to such Pimiffiment as a Court Martial shall adjudge; and no such Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer, shall be absent from such C ry, Town, or Place. without a regular Furlough from the Adjutant, or in his Absence from the Serjeant-M-jor; and every such Serjeant, Corporal, and Drummer, who shall absent himself without such Furlough, shall be liable to be apprehended as a Drferter 5 and such Adjutant shall never a&fent himself from such City, Town, or Place, without Leave of the Colonel or other Commanding Officer of such Regiment or Battalion: Provided nevertheless, that whenever such Adjutant shall be absent with such Leave as aforesaid, then such Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, shall be under the Command of the Serjeant-Major, or of some Serjeant who shall be appointed by the said Adjutant, with the Approbation of the said Colonel or other Commanding Officer, to act as Seij^ant-Major during the Absence of such Adjutant.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, 'That when the said Militia shall not be drawn out into actual Service, the several Regiments and Battalions thereof shall, unltf* the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Govtmor cr Governors of Ireland* for the Time being, shall order the contrary, be respectively trained and rxercifed ia their nfpcft'vc Counties Once in every Year, for Twenty-eight Days together, io the Manner hertin-aftef d'rested, at such Time and Place as shall be the lead inconvenient to the Publick; such Time and Place to be appointed by the Governor, or where there are more Governors than One of any County, then by the Governors of each County respectively, at a General Meeting to be holden at their usual Place of Meeting respectively within such County, upon the Tuesday that shall happen next before the Twenty-fourth Day of 03ober in every Year, or at such other Place therein, and at such Time as shall be appointed by such Governor or Governors, or in Default of any such Meeting or Appointment, then at such Time and Place as shall be appointed by Three or more Deputy Governors of such County; and during such Time as the several Regiments or Battalions of the said Militia shall be assembled respectively for the Purpose of being trained and exercised, all the Clauses, Provisiona, Matters, and Things, contained in any Act of Parliament which shall be then in force for the punishing Mutiny and Desertion, shall be in force with respect to the said Militia, and ali the Officer* and private Men of the fame, in all Cases whatsoever, but so that no Punishment shall extend to Loss of Life or Limb.

XL. And be it further enacted, That Notice of the Time and Place of the Exercise of the Militia Men of each Parish shall be sent by the Clerk of the General Meetings to the Chief or High Condable or other Officers of the several Baronies or other Divtlions, with Directions to forward the same to the Constables or other Officers within their respective Baronies or other Divisions; which Constables or other Officers fhdl cause such Notice as aforesaid to be affixed on the Outside of the Doors of the Church belonging to their respective Parishes or Places; or if any Place has no Church belonging thereto, on the Outside of the Doors of the Church of some adjoining Parish or Place; and all such Militia Men shall duly attend at the Time and Place of Exercise according to such Notice.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the Clerks of the several Subdivision Meetings in every County, shall, Ten Days at leal! before the Time so appointed for the annual Ex*.rcife, c*use a full and true Lift, specifying the Names and Dates of the Enrolment of all the Persons enrolled within each Subdivision re* fotftively, to serve in such Regiment or Battalion, to be transrmtted to the Commanding Officer of such Regiment or Battalion, or to such Person as shall be appointed by such Commanding Offirer to receive the same, and shall iu like Manner cause a Duplicate of such Lilt to be transmitted to the Adjutant of such Regiment or Battalion.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That every Miitia Mm not labouring under any Infirmity incapacitating him. who shall not appear at the T'me and Place appointed for annual Exercise according to the Dmft; on$ of this Act, Notice having been publisherl as this Act rtquires, shall be deemed a DHert^r, and if not taken until after the Time of such Exercise shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds; and also every Militia Man, who, having joined the R giment or Battalion to which he belongs, shall desert or absent himself during the Time of annual Exercise, and ffidl not be taken till after the Time of such Exercise, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds; and if in either Case such Penalty shall not be immediately paid, the Justice of the Peace before whom any such Militia Man shall he convicted of any such Offence shall commit such Militia Man to the Common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for the Space of Six Mouths, or until he shall have patd the Penalty.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall harbour, conceal, or affill any such Deserter, knowing him to be such, the Ptifon so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pound and not lrfs than Five Pounds.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Militia Man shall fell, pawn, or lose any of his Arms, Clothes, or Accoutrements, or neglect or refuse to return the Line in good Older to his Ctptain, or to the

m Person

923

A.D. 1809. 49° GEORGII III. C. 120.

Person appointed to receive the same, every such Militia Man (hill for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a

Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XLV. And be it further cna£ed, That if any Person shall knowingly and willingly buy, take in Exchange, conceal, or otherwise receive any Arms, Clothes, Stores, or Accoutrements belonging to any Militia Man, upon any Account or Pretence whatsoever, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, the Person so offending, upon Conviction thereof before any Justice of the Peace, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Five Pounds; and if such Offender shall not immediately pay such Penalty, and shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattels v hereon to levy such Penalty, the Justice before whom he shall be convicted shall commit him to the Common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for the Space of Three Months, or shall cause such Offender to be publickly whipped, at the Discretion of such Justice.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the Colonel or other Commanding Officer cf every Regiment or Battalion of the said Militia shall and he is hereby required, as often as the Regiment or Battalion shall be so called out to annual Exercise, to return to the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, a true State of such Regiment or Battalion; and in case any such Colonel or Commanding Officer shall refuse or neglect for One Month after the said annual Exercise so to do, he Audi for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That when any Regiment or Battalion of Militia shall be assembled for the Purpose of bting trained and exercised, it shall be lawful for the Captain or Commanding Officer of every Company, to put the Militia Men of hia Company under Stoppages not exceeding Sixpence per Day, for the Purpose of providing them with Linen, and also with Stockings and other Necessaries, and for defraying the Expence of repair ng any Arras which shall have been broken or damaged by any such Militia Man's Neglect: Provided always, that every such Captain or Commanding Officer shall account wuh each Militia Man for such Stoppage, and after dedt (fling what shall have been laid out and paid for Necessarits, and for repairing the Arms as aforesaid, shall pay the Sum remaining (if any there /hill be) into the Hands of the Militia Man to whom the fame btlorigp, before such Militia Man shall be dismissed from such Training and Exercise.

XLV7111. And be it further ena£ld. That it shall be lawful for all Mayors, Sovereigns, Bailiffs, Burgo-maftm, Senelchals, ConHables, and the Chief and other Magistrates ?nd Officers of Cities, Towns, Pantiles and Places, and (in their Default or Absence) for any Justice of the Peace inhabiting within or near any such. City, Town. Parish or Place, and they and he are and is hereby required to quarter and billet the Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men serving in the said Militia, at the Times when they shall be cal!cd out to any Exercise, as by Law they may billet His Majesty's other Military Forces 5 and when the said Militia is not called out for Exercise, or embodied, all Mayors, and other Chief and other Magistrates, and Officers aforesaid, or (in their Default or Absence) ary One Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, may, and they and he are and is hereby required to billet as aforesaid ail Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers of the Militia.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That when the said Militia shall be called out to be traiued and exercised, any Justice of the Peace of any County, (being thereunto required by an Order from the Governor or Governors, or any of them, or from any Deputy Governors of such County, or from the Colonel or other Commanding Officer of the Regiment or Battalion of Militia of such County, or any Detachment thereof, being within such County) shall issue his Warrant to the CJiief or High Constables of Baronies, or to ConstabUs or other Officers of the several Parishes or Peaces from, through, or near to which any such Regiment, Battalion, or Detachment of Militia shall be ordered to march, requiring them to provide such sufficient Horses and Carriages to convey the Arms, Clothes, Accoutrements, and Stores, with able Men to drive the said Horses and Carriage?, as shall be mentioned in such Order; and in case such sufficient Horses, Carriages, and Men cannot be provided within any such County, Barony, Parish, or Place, then any Justice of the Peace for the fame or any adjoining County shall, upon such Order as aforesaid being shewn unto him, issue his Warrant to the Chief or High Constableor Constables, or other such Officers of any Barony or Place within the same County or within such adjoining County or Place, for the Purpose? aforesaid, to make up such Deficiency of Horses, Carriages, and Men; and such Governor, Deputy Governor, or Colonel, or other Commanding Officer requiring such Carriages and Men to be provided as aforesaid, shall, at the same Time, pay to every such Chief or H gh Conllal le or other Officer, for the Use of the Person or Persons who shall provide such Carriages and Men, such rtfptdtive Rates and Sums as shall be payable for Carriages and Men in like Cases, under any Aci wffiich shall be in force for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertior, and the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, : or which rtfpt dlive Sums every Chief or High Constable or other Offi: cr receiving the fame, is hereby required to give a Receipt to the Person paying the fame; and every such Chief or High ConstabW, Conllablts, or other Officers, shall order and appoint such Person or Persons having Horses and Carriages within their respect; ve Baronies or Places as they ffiail think proper, to provide and furnish such Horses, Carnages, and Mm, according to the Warrant aforesaid; and every Person (o ordered is hereby required to provide and furnt/h the fame accordingly for One Day's Journey, and no more.

L. And be it further enrdLd, That if any Militia Man shall not join the Regiment or Battalion to which he Lion* at the Time of annual Exrrcife, and shall not be apprehended before the Expiration of the Time appointed for such Exercise; and if the Commanding Officer or Adjutant of such Regiment or Battalion, or the Commanding Officer of the Company to which such Offender belongs, shall receive Information of the P ace where he shall be or reside, any such Commanding Officer or Adjutant may, by Writing under his Hand, refenbe the Person of such Offender, and also certify that he did not join the Regiment or Battalion at the Time of animal Exercise, or that he deserted during the Time of annual Exercise (as the Case may be) and lend the fame by a Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer of such Regiment or Battalion, to the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of the Regiment or Battalion in the County wherein such Offender is ii.ppc fed to be or reside:

6 C 2 and

Penally on buying Arms, 5l.

Colonel ft.all return to Chief Secretary the State of the Regiment whea called out to Exercise.

Militia Men when aflcnabled for training may he put under Stoppages for Ncctftams.

Billeting Militia when ca'.cd out to Exercise, and-Serjeantf, Corporal*, &c.

Providing Carriages, &C*.

Ratot, fur C .uriage*.

Apprehenf <m JJelVner* from annual Execute.

924 C. 120. 49° GEORGII III. A.D. 1809.

and the Adjutant or Serjeant Major to whom such Certificate shall be sent, shall direct a Party of the Serjeant*,

Corporals, or Drummers of tRegiment or Battalion to which he belongs, to assist in apprehending such Offender, and conveying him before a Justice of the Peace of the County wherein such Offender shall br apprehended; and if by h'S Confession, or the Teffimony of any Witness or WitnessVs up'm Oath, or the Knowledge of such Justicr, it shall appear or be found that such Person is guilty of such Offence, such Adjutant or Serjeant M'jor shall oider a Party of the Serjeants, Corporals, or Drummers, under his Command, to convey such Offender to the Head Quarters of the Regiment or Battalion of Militia of the next County, in the Way to the County to which such Offender belongs and deliver him into the Custody of the Adjutant <r Serj-jnt Major of such Regiment or Battalion, who (hill canfe him to be conveyed in like Manner to the Adjutant or S rjeant Major of the Regiment or Battalion of Militia of the next County, and so in like Manner until such Offender shall be delivered into the Custody of the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of the Regiment or Battalion to which he belongs, who shall take him before a Justice of the Peace, to be dealt with as herein d'rtfttd in Cases of Militia Men deserting or absenting themselves from their Duty.

Apnrehension of

LI. And be it further enacted, If any Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer, shall desert fresh the Regiment or

bcIiT* Defer ten Battalion to which he belongs, it shall be lawful for any Constable or other Officer of the Town or Place where ing ex en. any Person, who may be reasonably suspected to be such Deserter, shall be found, to canfe such Person to be apprehended, and taken before any Justice of the Peace, being in and near to such Town and Place, who is hereby empowered to examine such lufpe&ed Person; and if by his Confession, or the Teffimony of any Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, or by the Knowledge of such Just'ce, it shall appear or be found that such fufpt&ed Person is such Deserter, such Jutliee shall forthwith cause him to he conveyed to the Common Gaol of the County or Place where he shall be found, or to the House of Com&ion, or other publick Prifnn in the Town or Place in or near to which such Deserter shall be apprehended, there to remain until he shall b3 demanded by some Person or Persons authorized to receive him, as by this Act is dinCfec1, and shall transmit an Account thereof to the Clerk of the General Meeting of the County to which such Deserter belong, and the Keeper of such Gaol or H use of Correction shall receive the full vSubfiffence of such Deserter, for the Maintenance of such Deserter during the Time he shall continue in his Custody, but shall not be entitled to any Fee or Rcwaid on account of his Imprisonment; and such Clerk of the General Meetings receiving such Account, dub immediately transmit a Copy thereof to the Colonel or other Commanding Officer of the Regiment or Battalion of the County, and also to the Adjutant or other Officer commanding the Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers of such Regiment or Battalion; and where there are more Regiments or Battalion* than one, such Clerk shall fend such Copy to all the Colonels or other Commanding Officers of Regiments or Battalions, and also to all the Adjutants or Officers commanding Serjeants, Corporal?, and Drummers, within his County j and the Cn'onel or Commanding Officer of the Regiment or Battalion to which such Deserter shall be found to belong, or the Adjutant or Officer commanding the S rjeants. Corporals, and Drummers of such Regiment or Battalion, shall and he is hereby required, immediately on receiving such Copy as aforesaid, to fend from among the Serjeants, Corporals, or Drummers of the Reg'ment or Battalion under his Command, a sufficient Person or Number of Persons to the Place where such Deserter shall be confined; and shall also fend by such Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, or the Serjeant ermmanding the said Party of Serjeants, Corporals or Drummers, an Order under his Hand and Seal to the Keeper of the said Gaol, House of Corrc&ioji or Prison, requiring him to deliver such Deserter to the Person or Persons therein named, which he is hereby required to do; and the Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer to whom such Deserter shall be so ordered to be delivered, in case One only shall be sent on such Duty, shall apply to the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of the Regiment or Battalion of the County where such Deserter shall be so confined as aforesaid, and such Adjutant or Sfrj-ant Major shall order a sufficient Party of the Serjeants, Corporals, or Drummers under his Command toaffift in conveying lu : h Defciter, and he shall be conveyed to the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of the Regiment or Battalion to which he belongs, in the same Manner as before directed, with respect to the conveying of private M'litia Men to the Adjutant or Scrj-ant Major of the Regiment or Battalion to which they shall belong; and such Adjutant or Serjeant Major (bail take such Dtferter before a J illice of the Peace of the County to which he belongs, who shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, or other publick Prison of such County, where he shall remain without Bail or Mainprize, until the Regiment or Battalion to which he belongs shall be embodied far annual Exercise, or for actual Srrvice, which shall first happen; and the Colonel or other Commanding Officer of such RegimePt or Battalion shall then issue an Order under his Hand and Seal to the Keeper of the Gaol, House of Correction, or Prison where such Deserter shall be confined, requiring him to deliver such Deserter to the Person or Persons therein named, which he is required to do; and such Colonel and other Commanding Officer is hereby empowered and required to 1'ummon and hold a Court Martial for the Trial of such Deserter, in such Manner and with the fame Power and Authority, as shall be given and directed by any Act of Parliament which shall then be in force for punishing Muting and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters; and if upon any such Trial such Deserter shall be found guilty, it shall be lawful to punish such Deserter in such Manner as such Court Martial shall in their Discretion think fit, according to the Powers and Provisions of such A6i, and of the Articles of War, but so that no such Punishment shall extend to the Loss of Life or Limb.

Penalty on

LII. And be it further enacted, That all Gaolers and Keeper* of Prisons shall, if required so to do by any

Gaolers refuting Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer employed in conveying any Offender or Deserter as aforesaid to the Regunm

Deierton 5] or Battalion to which he belongs, rcctive into their Custody, and confine such Offender for such Time as they shall be respectively so required as aforesaid, not exceeding Twenty-four Hours} and any Gaoler and Keeper of any Prison who shall refuse lo to do, shall forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds.

2

LII I,

A.D. 1809.

49° GEORGII III.

C. 120.

925

When a Militia

Matt shall be

<ii fabled 1 > v Sit knt*fs, any Jui'i cc, &c. may

order Mm Relief,

in case of Invasion,

|{< hellion, &c. Militia shall be embodied.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That all Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, while they are employed in Billeting executing such Duty as aforesaid in the apprehending and conveying Defjrters, (half be billetted in like Manner Steams, &c. as Serjeants. Corporals, or Drummers belonging to His Majesty^ other Forces employed in apprehending and ^Tfener? conveying Deserters are to be billetted. c r

LIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Militia Man shall, on his March, or at any Place where he shall be called out to annual Exercise, be disabled by Sicknest or otherwise, it shall be lawful for any One Justice of the Peace of the County rr Place, or any Mayor or Chief M^gilfrHr of any Crv, Town, or P.ace, where such Man shall then be, by Warrant under his Hnd and Seal, to order him such Relief as such Juibce,

Mayor, or Chief Magistrate, fhdl thmk reasonab'e; and the same shall be given by the C.dh fto- of His Majesty's Excise of the Place where such Militia Man shall then be; and the Collector giving such Relief shall, upon producing an Account of the Expences thereof, be allowed the fame in his Accounts, such Account being first allowed under the Hands of Two Justices of the Peace.

LV. And be it further er.afttd, That in all Cases of actual Invasion, Rebellion, or Insurrection, or upon immediate Danger thereof, to be signified by Proclamation from the Eord Lieutenant or other Chi-f Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, it shall be lawful for the Lord Lbiitcmpt or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, to order and din 61 that the Muitia of the said several Counties herein before appointed be raifcJ and trained, or such Parts of thtm as the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being shall in his or their Wisdom judge neccfLry. fb ail be drawn out and embodied, and that in such Manner as shall be best adapted to the Circumff ances of the Danger, and to put the said Forces under the Command of such General Officers as O c said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for the Time being, shall be pleased to appoint, and to direct the said Forces by their respective Officers into any Parts of Ireland, for the repelling and Prevention of any such Invasion, and

r the SupprcfTLn of any Rebellion or I. furreftion therein; and the Officers, Non commissi >ned Officers,

Drummer.-', and Privatt Men, of the several Regiments and Battalions of the said Militia, shall, from the Time of their being drawn out and embodied as aforeLi4, and until they shall be returned again to tiuir respective Parishes or Places of Abode, remain under the Command of such General Officers; and during such Time as aforesaid, all the Provisions contained in any Act of Parliament which shall then be in force for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, shall be in force with respect to the said M'litia, and shall extend to all the Officers, Non commissioned Officers, Drummers, and Private Men of the said Militia, in all Cases whatever.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That the Governor or Governors of every County in Ireland\ or any of Governors of them, or on the Death or Removal of such Governor or Governors, or during his or their Absence from the ^oumu-s shall County, any Three or more Deputy Governors to whom any such Order from the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland ior the Time being, for embodying the Militia as aforesaid, shall be and they 10 '

directed, shall issue his or their Order to the Chief or High Constablesor other Officer, of the several Baronies Constables, to or other Divisions within their respective Counties, with Dncftions to forward the fame immediately to the give Notice to Constables or other Officers of the several Parishes and Places within their respective Baronies; and tuch Con- Militia Men to stables and other Officers are hereby required, upon Receipt thereof, forthwith to cause Notice in Writing to be given to the several Militia Men, or left at their several Places of Abode within their respective P^riffiesor Placts, to attend at the Time and Place mentioned in such Order; and if any Militia Man so ordered to he drawn out and embodied as aforesaid (not labouring under any Infirmity incapacitating him from serving as a Mlitia Man) shall not appear and march in pursuance of such Order, every such Militia Man shall be liable to be apprehended ptb'flef8» 44 and punishtd as a Deserter, according to the Provision9 of any Acts which fhaP be then in force for punishii.g ^er Penalty Mutiny and Desertion 5 and if any Person shall harbour or conceal any such Militia Man when ordered out into on harbouring actual Service, knowing him to be a Militia Man, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay such, 5l. the Sum of Five Pounds.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That from the Date of the Warrant of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Militia when Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, for drawing the M'litia out into actual Service, the «l^d out, flull

Officers, Non comm'ffiontd Officers, and Private Men of the Militia shall be entitled to the fame Pay as the , ave 0

Officers and Private Men of His Majesty, other Regiments of Fool receive, and no other; subject nevtrtheless to the Provisions contained in an Act made in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to amend Two A3s f affect in the Forty second Year of His pres.nt Majesty, relating to the Militia of England and Scotland respetVt'oely, as to the Pay of the Officers and Aden of the said Militia; and it any Non comnvffioned Officer,

Drummer, or Private Man of the Militia shall be maimed or wounded if actual Service, he shall be equally

entitled to the Benefit of Kilmainham or Chefca Hospitals with any Non comm 1 (Honed Officer, Drummer, or

Private Man belonging to any of His M^jdly*s other Fore s.

LVIII. And be it farther enacted. Teat when any Regiment or Battalion of Militia shall be drawn cut into actual Service, and during the Time they shall continue in actual Service, the Colonel thereof shall and may appoint an Agent to such Regiment or Battalion, and shall take Security from such Agent.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That when the Militia of any County shall be ordered out into actual Service, the Collector of His Majesty's Excise of such County or Place shall, arid he is hertby required forthwith to pay to the Order of the Colonel of the Regimect£or Battalion of Militia so ordered out, the Sum of One Guinea for the Use of every private Militia Man belonging to his Regiment or Battalion; a d the said Collector shall also pav to the Order of such Colonel the Sum of One Guinea for every Recruit, as early as may be alter such Recruit shall have joined Lis Company while out in actual Service as aforesaid (all which Money so paid by such Collectors shall be allowed them in their Accounts); and all Money so received, or f j much thereof as Inch Colonel shall think proptr, shall be laid out in the Manner he shall think most advantageous for the respective Militia Men j and before any Militia Man Hull teceWe his Discharge, an Account shall be rendered to such

Militia

assemble;

Militia Men not attending shall

ay i

Regulars (except

as under

46 G. 3. C. 140.)

When Militia

is embodied,

C olonels may appoint Agents.

Collector of Excise Audi pay. to Order of the Colonel of any Regiment ordered into a^uul Service, One Guinea per Man for NccelVaties, to be accounted lor.

Piftmliodying

Militia.

Militia Mi*n having fennel may txcrcUe Tiiulta.

Leave of Absence to vote at Elections of INlcintMrrs of Parliament,

Militia Mon ft all not enlist into Regular Forres (except under special Acti.)

Penalty on Men cnlilVing> Six Months lm|)rilomnent,

Penalty on Serjeants en-liftinti Militia Men, /JOl.

Penalty on Soldier offering hi in fell as a MiliiwMju, 1 Oh

Militia shall not serve out of 1 relit ml. imlcf* by their own Welirr, as under

44 G. a. c. a*2.

Governor* of < oumies may «j»(M)i«t Deputy i ruvernors til' Couatics,

11 (jmernor* ru'cleft, l^»rd Lieutenant may SjipoiuU

C. 120. 49° GEORGII III. A.D. 1809.

Militia Man how the said Sum of One Guinea hath been applied and disposed of, and the Remainder of the said Money, ir any, shall be paid to such Militia Man.

LX. And be it further enacted, That when the said Militia, or ary Part thereof, having been drawn out into -dfual Service as aforesaid, shall be again duly diferobodied, and the Otfteera and Private Men thereof dismissed to return to their several Places of Abode, the Officers, Non-commiifloned Officers, Drummer* and Private Men, shall be subject to the fame Orders, Directions, and Engagements only, as they were subjtd to under the Provisions of this Act, before they were so drawn out into actual Service, except as herein after mentioned.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That every Person having served in the Militia, when drawn out into actual Service, being a married Man, may set up and exercise any Trade in any Town or Place in Ireland, without any Let, Suit or Molestation, of or from any Person or Persons whatsoever, for or by rcafou of exercising or uting such Tr?de, as treelv and with the fame Provision, and under trie fame Regulations, 2s any Inhabitants of such Places might or could do.

LXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any Officer or Non-comrrJflioned Officer of the Militia, or private Militia Man, having Voice or Vote at any E!e6t'on to be held in Ireland h>r any Member or Mem bers to serve in Parliament shall, if he or they shall require, have Leave for a reason^ble Time, to be expressed in such Leave, to go to, and return from such Eledioo; and no such Officer, Nou-commissioned Officer, or Private shall be liable to any Penalty or Punishment for or on account of his Absence during the Time expressed in such Leave.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Officer, Serjeant or other Person, shall at any Time wilfully and knowingly enlist any Man to serve in His Majesty's Regular Forces, who at the Time of such enlisting shall be enrolled, or ballotted. or engaged to serve in the Militia, except under the Provisions of any Ad in force at the Time of such enlilling, and efptcially authorizing such enlisting into His Majesty's Regular .Forces, every such enlilling shall be deemed null and void; and in case any Militia Man, at the 'I une of offering to enlist as aforesaid, shall deny to the Officer, Serjeant, or other Person recruiting for Men to cniill and serve in His Majesty's other Force?, that he is (at the Time of his offering to enliil) a Militia Man then adnally enrolled and engaged to serve (which the said Officer, Serjeant, or other Person is hereby required to ask every Mia offering to ctihft in His Maj city's other Forces) or shall offer himself to be enlisted and serve in any other Regiment or Battalion of Militia, any Militia Man io offending shall, on Conviction thereof upon the Oath of One Witness before any One Justice of the Peace, be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain without Bail or Miinprize for and during any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, over and above any Penalty or Punishment to which such Person so offending is or shall be otherwise liable; and every Person so offending shall, from the Day on which his Engagement to serve in the Ivlilitia shall end, and no sooner, belong as a Soldier to such Corps of His Majesty's other Forces into which he shall have so enliittd, to serve therein from such Day for the full Period of Service for which he shall have originally engaged, and which Service shall commence upon the Day on which he may be discharged from the Militia, and not before; and if at.y Offi: er, Serjeant, or other Person shall enlist any Man belonging to the Militia, to serve in His Majesty's Forces, knowing him to belong to the Militia, or without asking him if he belongs to the Militia (except under the special Provisions of any such Ad in force as aforesaid) every such Officer, Serjeant, or other Person, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds j and if any Person actually serving in any of His Majesty's other Forces shall offer himself to serve, and be enrolled as a Substitute in the Mihria, every Person io offending shall forfeit and pry to the Person informing of such Offence, the Sum of Ten Pounds, or be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for any Time not exceeding Three Months.

LXIV. And be it enacted, That neither the Whole nor any Part of the Militia of Ireland, shall on any Account be carried or ordered to go out of Ireland, unh fs by and with the Desire and Consent of each and every Officer, Non-commissioned Officer, Drummer, and Private, who shall be so carried or go, and then only within the United Kingdom: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall repeal, or be extended or confirmed to repeal an Act made in the Forty-fourth Year of His Maj: fly's Reign, intituled, An Act for rm-flowering His Majesty, for a Time and to an Extent therein limited, to accept the Services of such Parts of His Militia Forces in Ireland, as may voluntarily offer themselves to he employed in Great Britain, or any Act for continuing the fame, in force immediately before the passing of this Act.

LXV. And be it enacted, That for the more efftdually carrying into Execution the Purposes of ihia Act, it Avail be lawful for the Governors of the several Counties and Counties ot Cities in Ireland, or the Majority of Governors where there shall be more than One appointed for any County or County of a City, from Time to Time, to appoint so many and such Persons duly qualified as herein after mentioned, ai.d living within their respective Counties, as he or they shall think fit, to be Deputy Governors for every County or County of a City in Ireland, having a Regiment or Battalion of Militia; ttie Names of such Persons having been first presented to, and not disapproved of by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being.

LXVI. Provided always, That if the Governor or the Majority of the Governors of any County shall decline, refuse, or omit to appoint and return the Names of Persons to be Deputy Governors of any County or County of a City, that then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for the Time being, to appoint such Persons (duly qualified as herin-after mentioned) as he or they shall think tit, to bt Deputy Governors for every such County or County of a City whereof the Governor or Governors, or the Majority of them, shall have declined, refuted, or omitted to appoint Deputy Governors as aforesaid.

Lxvir.

49° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1809.

C. 120. 927

a LXVII. And be it enacted, That there shall be Twenty Deputy Governors at the least within every County, Twenty Deputy if so many can be found qualified as herein after directed, but if such Number of proper and discreet Persons Governor* in so qualified cannot be found within any such County, then as many such Person9 qualified as can be found Couaty, &c. within such County shall be appointed to be Deputy Governors for the Purposes of this Act; and no Commission of any Deputy Governor shall be vacated by reason of the Vacation, Expiration, or Discontinuance of the Commission cr Authority of the Person or Persons by whom any such Deputy Governor has been or may be appoint'd.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs and Removal of Succdlbrs, or for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, Deputy from Time to Time as he Or they shall think fit, to signify his or their Pleasure to the Governor or Governors Governor*, of any County o* County of a City, to displace all or any Deputy Governor or Deputy Governors thereof, and upon such Signification of his or their Pleasure, such Deputy Governor or Deputy Governors shall be difpPced accordingly.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Persons being appointed Deputy Governors in pursuance of this Qualifications Act, except within Counties of Cities, shall be qualified as follows; that is to say, every Person so to be of Deputy appointed a D-rputv Governor, shall be seised or possessed, either in Law or Equity, for his own Use and Benefit* Governors, in Possession of a Real or Freehold Estate, for his own Life, or for the Life of his Wife, (he having a Real or Freehold Estate for her Life, or for some greater Term, or shall be possessed of a Term of Years, whereof Fourteen Years shall be unexpired, in Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in Ireland* of the yearly Value of Two hundred Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent of some Person who shall in like Manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of Four hundred Pounds; Provided always, that the Qualification of every Deputy Governor shall be situated within the County whereof he shall be appointed Deputy Governor.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That with respect to the Counties of the Cities of Dublin, Cork, and Chlt-fNTa^iQrates Limerick, and the County of the Town of Drogheda, the Chief Magistrate of each of the said Cities and Town °* Dublin, Cork, resptft vtly for the Time being, and the Colonels of the Militia of the said Counties of Cities, and of the County Limerick, and of Louth, shall be Governors of the said Cities and Town, and of the Precincts and Liberties therer f respectively, bc^overuor

for the Purposes of this Act, and shall respectively have all the Powers and Authorities hereby given to Governors of Counties, and all Powers and Provisions made by this Act with respect to Counties at large, and the Militia thereof, and the regillering herein directed of the Qualifications of the Deputy Governors, shall take place and be in force with respect to the said Cities, and the fldilitia thereof, and the regillering of such Qualifications; and the respective Value of such Qualifications shall be as follows, that is to say; every Deputy Governor (had Qualification* be feiftd or posscfTed, either in Law or Equity, for his own Use and Benefit, in Possession of a Real or Freehold Deputy

Ellate for his own Life or for the Life of his Wife, (he having a Real or Freehold Ellate for her Life, or for omnors erc#

some greater Term, or shall be possessed of a Term of Years whereof Fourteen shall be unexpired, of the yearly Value of One hundred and fifty Pounds at the lead, or shall be possessed of a Personal Estate alone, or seised and possessed of a Real and Personal Ellate together, of the Value of Three thousand Pounds.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall hereafter be appointed to be a Deputy Governor of Deputy any County or City, until he shall have delivered in to the Clerk of the Peace of the County or City for which Governors IWf he shall be appointed, or, in the Absence of the Clerk of the Peace, to his Deputy, a specific Description in Qu^nficadoiw Writing, signed by himself, of his Qualification, dating the County or Counties, Parish or Parities in which to Clerks of th* the Estate or Estates which form his Qualification is or are situate, with the Denominations of the Land; and Peace, the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy shall transmit to the Cuilos Rotulorum, or Senior Governor of the County, or Chief Magistrate of the City, a Copy of such Description.

LXXII. And be it furher enacted, That the Clerk of the Peace of every such County or City shall and is Clerks of Peace hereby required, from Time to Time, to enter the Qualifications traosmitted to him according to the Directions repiter of this Act, upon a Roll to bi provided and kept for that Purpose; and the said Clerk of the Peace or his Qualifications, Deputy (had, in the Month of January in every Year, transmit to the Srcretary of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Govtrnon for the Time being, a complete Account of the Qualifications so left with him? and such Secretary receiving such Accounts, shall cause Copies thereof to be annually laid before both Houftf of Parliament; and every Deputy Governor shall, at some Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or in One of Oaths of Deputy His NLjtdy'g Courts of Record at Dublin, within Three Months from and after the Date of his Commission, Governors; take fucti Oaths or Oath, and make and sign such Declaration or Declarations as is or shall be required to be taktn, nude, and signed, by any Officer of His Majesty's Forces in Ireland.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person Thai! execute any of the Powers hereby d'rested to Penalty on be executed by D-puty Governors, not being qualified as aforesaid, or r.ot having delivered in such specific Drjiwy Description of nis Qualifications as is hertin-before required, save in the Cases hertin-after particularly mentioned, Governor* or not having taken the said Oaths and made the said Declarations within the Time herein dirtdLd ftr those Purposes, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, or.e Moiety whereof filail

go to the Use of the Person or Persons wh > shall Cue for the fame; and in every Action, Suit or Information, brought against any Person for acting as Deputy Governor, not being qualified as herein.before directed, the Proof of his Qualification shall be upon the Person agrinll whom the fame is brought: Provided always, that provisoforPc^jw nothing in this Act contained, shall restrain or prevent any Peer of this Realm, or Heir Apparent any such ami ikeir tfeirs. Peer, from being appointed, or acting as a Deputy Governor within any County or City, wherein such Petr, or Heir Apparent oi such P<er, (had have some Place of Rtfidence, although be may not have the Qualifications herein-ibefore required, or to oblige any Peer of this Realm, or Heir Apparent of such Peer, who shall be appointed a Deputy Governor as aforesaid, to leave with the Clerk of the Peace for the County.or City for which he shall be so appointed, any Qualifications in Writing as aforesaid.

x'LXXIV,

928

Appointment of Clerks of (jcneral

Meetings.

Subdivision

Clerk.

Clerk of

tM\l»rfi\ifir.n*

ll'.all cnU r Vr.xteding!, in iBooks, iVLC.

P«vment of fur-K ( !»rks for tlitir Attendance.

Such Clerks Hull jf'ive Security fir performing their Duly.

Frefer.tmtntt hr Juries for All< >wa -.ces to {Jerks of iVacc »u<l Sabdivdfod Clerks.

On Ork ftt^-U^Vuig Duty,

no PrefcBiioeiu ihaul be made.

Oenera] Meeurtgl of Governors nod Deputy Coveruur*.

First Annua) Cieneral Meeting ip O&ubrr.

Other General Aleetinjs.

C. 120. 49° GEORGII III. A.D. 180g.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Governor or Governors of any Cousty, or County of a City or Town, or the Majority of them, shall from Time to Time appoint a Clerk of the General Meetings to be holden as herein after directed, and may displace such Clerk, if such Governor, or the Maj >rity of Governors, where there is or shall be more than One, shall think fit, and appoint another in his Room; and the Deputy Governors within the respective Subdivisions, or the major Part of those resident in any Subdivision, shall also, from Time to Time, appoint a Clerk for their respective Subdivisions, and may displace such Clerk, if they or the rr.?jor Part of them shall think fit, and appoint another in his Room: Provided always, that no Clerk of the General Meetings shall be appointed to be a Clerk of any Subdivision, and that no Subdivisional Clerk shall be appernt^d to be Clerk of the General Meetings.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That a Dook shall be kept by the Clerk of every Subdivision, in which B 10k ail Proceedings to be had under this Act or any Act relating to the said Militia, at .every Subdivision Meeting, shall be duly and fully entered; and in the said Book the Names of the Governors and Drputy Governors present at every such Subdivision Meeting respectively shall be set down and specifird, and at the Foot of every Day's Proceedings such Subdivision Clerk shall sign his Name, and every Subdivision C'erk shall from Time to Tune, together with the amended Lilts of Names herein after mentioned, transmit to the C erk of the Peace a List of the Names, Ages, and Residence of all such Persons as shall at any and every such Meeting have been excused from serving in the said Militia, together with the Cause for which they were to excused; and such Subdivision Clerk shall also once in the Year, at lead Ten Days previous to the annual General Meeting in October, transmit to the Clerk of the General Meetings of the County, a Copy of the Proceeding* of all the Subdivisional Meetings in the preceding Year, signed and attested as a true Copy by such Clerk of such Subdivision.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Colltftor of His Majesty's Revenue for any County shall p?y to the Clerk of the General Meetings the Sum of Five Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Nioe-pence for each Meeting, and shall also pay to the Cicrks of the several Subdivision Meetings the Sum of One Pound Two Shillings and Nine-pence for each Subdivision Meeting, on such Ckrk respectively producing to such Collector an Order from the Governor or Governors, Deputy Governor or Deputy Governors, present at such Meeting, or any Two of them; and such Payments shall be allowed in every such Collector's Accounts: Provided always, that no Clerk of any General Meeting shall be entitled to receive in any One Year more than Thirty Guineas, nor any Clerk of any Subdivisional Me? ting more than Twenty Guineas, from the Collectors of His Majesty's Revenue, for his Attendance at such Meeting respectively, any Law to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided also, that every Clerk of a General or Subdivisional Meeting shall, before he be entitled to receive any Payment as aforesaid, severally enter into Recognizance before a Justice of the Peace, which Recognizance every Justice is hereby empowered to take, the Clerk of the General Meeting in the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and the Clerk of a Subdivisional Meeting in the Sum of Thirty Pounds, conditioned that he shall duly and diligently attend his Duty as Clerk, for One Year from the Date thereof; and that in every Order to the Collector of His Majesty's Revenue for Payment to any Clerk, hia having entered into such Recognizance shall be certified, or such Order shall be void and of no Eikft.

LXXVII. 1 And, in order to make Compensation to the Clerk of the Peace and the Clerk of the Sub*divisional Meetings for the Trouble imposed on them by this Act Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Grai d Juries at Assizes, and for the Grand Juries of the County and County of the Citf of Dublin, at presentine Ttrms, to present to be raised off the County at large, and paid to the Clerk of the Peace for his Trouble in the Execution of the Militia La.vs, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds a Year, over and above all other Sums which by Law they are now empowered to present to be paid to him, and to present to be raisid in like Manner, and paid to such Clerk of a Subdivisional Meeting, a Sum after the Rate of Six Shillings (or every One hundred Names of Persons contained in the amended and other Lifts made under the Provisions of this Act for the Subdivisions of which he shall be Clerk.

LXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Clerk of the Peace or Ckrk of the Subdivision Meeting shall, in any County or County of a City, neglect or omit to do any Act which by this Act be is required to do, no Presentment shall be made or Bated at any Affixes in such County or County of a City,

or at any Term if in the County or City of Dublin for any Money to be paid to him.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That General Meetings of the Governor or Governors, and Deputy Governors of every County or County of a City or Town, shall be holden in some Town of every such County, and such General Meetings shall conlift of the Governor or Governors, or aoy of them, together with One Deputy Governor at least, or on the Death or Removal, or in the Absence of the Governor or Governors, or all of them, then of Three Deputy Governors at the least of every County or County of a City or Town respectively; and such General Meetings shall be holden within every County, and within each of the said Counties of the Cities of Dublin, Cork, and Limerick, and of the Town of Drogheda, by or under the Orders

of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Tune brine, in Manner herein after "mentioned; and such General Meetings shall also be he d annually upon the Tuesday that shall happen next before the Twenty-fourth Day of October in every Year, and when and as often as any Governor, or any Two Deputy Governors as aforesaid, shall find it necessary for carrying the Purposes of this Act duly and fully into Execution; and that such Governor or Deputy Governors fho.il and may, by Notice in Writing to the Clerk of the General Mcetine, summon or cause to be summoned such General Meetings, on any D^ys to be fixed by such Summonfcs, of which Places of holding such Meetings respectively, Notice shall be given by the Clerk of the General Meetings in any Newspaper, if any there shall be published in such County or County of a City, Fourteen Days at the least before the Day appointed for holding such Meeting respectively.

LXXX.

C.

A.D. 1809. 49° GEORGII III. C. 120.

LXXX. And be it Further enabled, That such Governors and Deputy Governors, or a competent Number thereof, appointed at any General Meeting, shall or may divide every such County into such Subdivisions as they shall think most expedient for the Purposes of this Act, and shall or may change the fame from Time to Time as they shall think proper: Provided always, that the Subdivisions heretofore made and established, or which before the Commencement of this Act shall be duly made and established, shall remain and continue until the same shall be duly altered, as if this Act had not been made: Provided also, that it shall not be lawful for any Governors or Deputy Governors to divide any County into any greater Number of Subdivisions than shall be equal to Four Times the Number of Baronies contained in such County, without the express Approbation and Consent of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being in that Behalf obtained.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That Subdivisional Meetings of the Governor or Governors and Deputy Governors within the said Subdivisions of the respective Counties or Counties of Cities, or Towns, shall be holden from Time to Time, and every such Subdivisional Meeting shall consist of Two Members at the least, and shall and may be held at such Times and Places within the said Subdivisions respectively as shall be directed at any General Meeting duly convened, or as shall be appointed by Notice in Writing to the Clerk of such Sub-division by any Governor, or by any Deputy Governor resident within such Subdivision: and that every Deputy Governor of any County shall, if he thinks fit, attend all Subdivision Meetings of such County, and aft and vote therein as if he was resident in such Subdivision.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That all General and Subdivision Meetings, to be from Tirse to Time holden under this Act, shall and may adjourn as they shall find expedient for the Execution of this Act; and in case the Number of Governors or Deputy Governors required to form any General Meeting or Subdivisional Meeting shall not attend at the several Times and Places respectively-appointed for such General or Subdivisional Meetings respectively, then and in every such Case the' Clerk of such General or Subdivisional Meeting, as the Case may be, shall adjourn such General or Subdivisional Meeting respectively to fame subsequent Time, not exceeding the Difiance of Seven Days to be holden at the same Place.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the respective Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings shall forthwith, or as soon as conveniently may be after any Subdivision Meeting shall have been appointed, give Notice in Writing of the Time and Place of Meeting, and of the Purpose for which the fame is to be held, to the Governor and Governors, and also to such of the Deputy Governors who shall be resident within such Subdivisions respectively.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That whenever either for the forming any Regiment or Battalion of Militia in Ireland, or for filling up any Vacancies therein, by Death, Desertion, or lawful Discharge, the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, shall order that the necessary Number of Men shall be raised by Ballot, and that new Lifts shall be returned for the several Districts, Parishes, and Places within the County, County of a C'ty, or Town, or District to which such Regiment or Battalion belongs, and such Order shall be notified by Proclamation in the Dublin Gazette, or by the Letter of the Chief Secretary for the Time being, to any Governor or Governors of the County or County of a City to which such Regiment or Battalion shall belong, then and in every such Case the Governor or Governors of such County or County of a City, or any of them, shall forthwith summon a General Meeting to be held therein, within Ten Days from the Date of such Proclamation or the Receipt of such Letter; and the Governor or Governors and Deputy Governors, or a competent Number thereof assembled at such General Meeting, shall appoint a convenient Place and Time, not more distant than Twenty Days, or sooner than Eight Days, for a Meeting in every Subdivision within the County, County of a City, or District to which such Regiment or Battalion belongs; and they shall also issue their Commands in Writing to the several High or Chief Constables, or where there shall not be a High or Chief Constable, to some other Peace Officer, or to the Collector of the Publick Cess in each Barony of such County or District, or in such County of a City, requiring each of them to issue an Order under his Hand to all Constables or other Officers of every Parish or Place within his District, to make Cut fair and true Lists of all Male Persons usually or at the Time resident or dwelling within such Parish or Place, within the Ages of Sixteen and Forty-five Years, distinguishing the Profession, Trade, or Occupation of each, according to the Form in Schedule (A.) annexed to this Act; and when the true Name of any such Person cannot be procured, setting down his common Appellation, which will be sufficient, and also distinguishing such as labour under any Infirmity likely to incapacitate them from serving as Militia Men, and to return the same to the Meeting appointed as aforesaid to be held in the Subdivision where such Parish or Place is situated respectively, verifying upon Oath af the Foot thereof, that he has formed the said List or Lists fairly, honestly, and impartially, without Favour, Affection, or Malice towards any Person$ and that he had used his best Endeavours to discover the Names of all the Male Inhabitants of the Parish or District for which he has made a Return; and that the Name of every Person whom he discovered to be dwelling or resident within such Parish or Piacie, and who is liable and required by Law to be inserted therein, is inserted therein.

LXXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if in any County or County of a City or Town such General Meeting shall not be held within the Time aforesaid. it shall and may be lawful for any One Governor of such County or County of a City or Town, within Six Days after the Expiration of the Time for holding such Meeting, to making Dtvisions of such County, County of a City or Town as aforesaid, if not already. 'divided, appoint Times and Places for Subdivisional Meetings, and issue Orders for making out and returning Lifts in Manner aforesaid; and every such Division, Appointment, or Order, shall be as valid to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame had been made at a General Meeting as aforesaid.

LXXXVI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if in any Parish or Place there shall be no Constable or other Officer, or such Constable or other Officer shall refuse to receive the Order which shall be given to bim 49 Geo. III. 6 D as

929

Dividing of Counties into Subdivisions.

Subdivisional

Meetings,

Adjournments of General Meetings and Subdivisional Meetings.

Notice of

Subdivisional

Meetings.

Regulations for sum mooing General Meetings, and obtaining Lifts for a Ballot for Men to Porno any Regiment, or to supply Vacancies.

Governors of Counties may divide Counties on Failure of General Meetings.

Appointment of Special Constables.

G.

93°

Q.cvVm flmll not be (JoatiaMcs.

Penalty on Constable* not returning

Lift*.

Allowances t«

ContUbles for their Alien-Urn*.

Governors and Deputy Governors may HTuc Orders to Cohttables,

Itnd cbtnmit them for Disobedienre.

Penalty on iuiUning Comftahlrs to Ynake fa'l'e Lift?, 101.

x Pa rift; V*«nn£ in T«o or more Counties shall be eonfulrrcd C« rate Parities in the respective Counties.

I.WU of Parishes may he united fer the Ballot.

New lifts in the Room of JUfta jolt, &. c.

C.i20. 49° GEORGII III. A.D. 1809.

as aforesaid to make out the Lifts, the Chief or High Constable or other Peace Officer or Collector, receiving the Command as aforesaid, shall appoint a fit and proper Person to act as Constable therein for the Purpose of executing this Act, and no other.

LXXXVII. And be it furth-r tnaded, That no Person being one of the People called Quakers, shall bt appointed Chief, High, or Petty Constable or other Officer, for the Purpose of carrying any of the Regulations of this A$l into Execution: Provided always, That if any Person shall be appointed to any such Office, and shall refuse to accept thtreof by reason of his being one of the People called Quakers, and toall produce a Certificate under the Hands of Two or more reputable Housekeepers, being of tnc People called Quakers, dated within the Three Months immediately preceding the Day on which it shall be produced, acknowledging such Person to be one of their Persuasion, thereupon some other fit and proper Person (halt be appointed Chiefs High or Petty Constable, or other Officer, in the Room of such Quaker, in order to carry this Act into perfect Execution.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Constable or other Officer shall neglect or refuse to make or rtturn the List or Lists which by this Act he shall be required to do, and be thereof convicted by hi# own Corifession, or on the Oath of One credible Witness before any Justice of the Peace, he shall forfeit the Sam of Ten Pounds, to be levied on his Goods and Chattels under the Warrant of such Justice, or in default thereof, he shall be committed to Gaol, there to remain for the Space of Six Months, or until such Sum (halt be paid.

LXXXIX. 4 And Whereas the frequent Attendance of the federal High and Petty or Parish Constable* if required to carry this Act into Execution Be it ena£l?d, That from and after the passing of th's Ad. the Colh&or of His Majesty's Revenue for every County shall pav to every High Constablt the Sum of Eleven Shillings and Four-pence Halfpenny, and to every Petty or Panto Constable the Sum of Five Shillings and Five-pence, for each and every Day the said High, Petty, or Parito Constables shall be certified, under the Hands of the Persons presiding at any General or Sub-divisional Meeting, to have been actually in Attendance or on Duty in carrying this Act into Execution; provided that the whole Sum to any High Constable shall not exceed Twenty Pounds iu any One Year, and that the whole Sum to any such Petty or Panto Constable in any One Year shall not exceed the Sum of Twelve Pound#; and such Payment# shall be allowed in every Colicaor's Accounts.

XC. And be it further cnaacd, That it shall be lawful for the Governor, Governor#, or Deputy Governor# within any Sub-division, from Time to Time, to issue their Order or Warrant under their Hand# and Seal#, requiring the Attendance of any Constable or other Officer of the Parish or Place within such Sub-division, at such Time and Place a# in such Order or Warrant shall be exprefiVd; and if such Constable or other Officer shall refuse or neglect to appear according to such Order or Warrant, and if any Chief or High Constable, or other Officer of any B-irony, or other Officer of any Parish or Place, whether appointed under this Act or otherwise, shall refuse or ntglr& to return any such Lift as before directed, or to comply with such Order# and Direction# as they shall rcforctively from Time to Time receive from the said Governor or Governors, or Deputy Governors, in pursuance of this Act, or shall, in making such Return, be guilty of any Fraud or wilful Partiality or gross Neglect in his Duty, the said Governor or Governors, or Deputy Governors, or any Three or more of them, are hereby empowered and required to commit the Person so offending to the Common Gaol, there to be kept without 13-iil or Miinprze for the Space of One Month, or at their Discretion to fine such Person in any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

XCI. And be it further enacted, That any Person who shall, by Gratuity, Gift, or Reward, or by Promise thereof, or of any Indemnification, or by Menaces or otherwise, endeavour to prevail on any Chief or High Constable or other Officer to make a faife Return of any List for any Parito or Place, or to erase or leave out of any such Lilt the Name of any Man who ought to be returned therein to serve as a Militia Man, every such Person for every such Offence shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and if any Man shall refuse to to tell his Chritlian or Surname, or shall falsely tell a Cnrift an or Surname, or if any Person shall refuse to tell the Chiiilian or Surname of any Man lodging or refilling within his or her House, or shall knowingly tell any faife Name, pretendisg it to be the tnu Name cf any such Man, to any Cmstable or other Officer authorized by this Act to demand the fame, such Person toall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XCII. And be it further enc&ed. That whenever any Panto in Ireland, or any Paritoes cpifcopally or perpetually united, or any Part thereof respectively, toall be situate in Two or m^rc Counties, the respective Governor or Governors and Deputy Governors of the several and respective C mniies within which any Part or Parts of such Panto or united Paritoes so divided toall be situate, toaii comprile such Part of any Parish or united Parito so divided as is situated within their own County, in such District or Sub-divisi m at such County as shall be most convenient for the Purposes of carrying this Act into Execution, as if such Part of a Parish or united Par.tocs were a dillind Parito within such County; and the Constable or Constables of such Ddt rid or Sub-division toall from Time to Time return the Names of the Inhabitants of such Part of every such Parish or unittd Parito as live with n such County ard Sub-division, to the best of their Knowledge and Ability, to the Sub div: fional Meeting, in order that the Ballot may be made in such County from Lift# made accordingly.

XCIII. And be it further cnadrd. That it toall be lawful for the said Governor or Governors, or Deputy Governors, within their respective Divisions, to add together, whensoever they shall think it necessary, the Lifts for two or more Paritoes or Places, or Parts of Paritoes or Places, and proceed upon such Lift# added together in like Manner as if they had been originally returned for One Parito or Place, so as to make the Choice of Militia Men by Ballot within every such Sub-division a# equal and impartial a# pcffible.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That if the Lift of any Parish or Place shall be Idft or destroyed, it shall be lawful for the Governor or Governor or Deputy Governor# Within any such Sab-dififioD, or any Two or 3 more

A.D. 1809. 49° GEORGII III. C. 120. 931

more of them, to cause a new Lift as aforesaid in any such Parish or Place, to be made and returned to them at their next Sub-division Meeting, in the same Manner at the Lift lost or destroyed was made, and ought to have been returned to them by the Direction of the General Meeting.

XCV. And be it further enacted, That the Governor and Deputy Governor at each Sub>divisional Settling Lists of

Meeting appointed as aforesaid, shall immediately proceed thereat to inquire into the Firntfs for Service of all Names at

Persons named in the Lifts returned to them, and fel?& their Names, and hear such Objections as shall be made on the Patt of such ao they shall so felcA; and in making such Inquiry and Selection, it shall be lawful to and for such Governors and D-puty Governors to examine upon Oath, which Oaths, as also the Oath to be taken by the Person making the Return, they or any of them, are hereby required and empowered to administeri and when such L Us shall be so prepared by such Inquiry and Selection, they shall appoint a Day and Place for the next Meeting, to be held .at a Day not more distant than Ten, or sooner than Six Days, and the Clerk of the Meeting shall forthwith deliver Copies of the Lifts so imde respectively, to the several Constables or other Persons who respectively returned the general Lifts, to be by them affixed, without Delay, on the Outside of the Door of every Church and other Place of Divine Worship in the Parish or Place to which said Lift was made, or at the usual Place or Places therein for posting Notices within such Parish or District, specifying at the Foot thereof the Day and Place appointed for the next Meeting; and that all Persons who think themselves aggrieved by the Insertion of thrir Names, or by the Omission of the Names of others in such Lifts, may then appeal; an i that no Appeal will be afterwards received.

XCVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Peer of this Realm, nor any Person who shall Peifoo* act as a Commissioned Officer in any Regiment, Troop, or Company in His Majesty's other Forces, or in any of His Majesty's Castles or Forts, upr any Non commissioned Officer or Private Man serving in any of His jyjy^, Majesty's Forces, ner any Commissioned Officer serving or who has fervtd Four Years in the Militia, nor any Person enrolled in any Troop or Company of Yeomanry, who shall produce a Certificate from the Commanding Officer of such Troop or Company, that he has punctually attended the Exercise of the Troop or Company to which he belongs, for Three Months, immediately preceding the Day on which he shall have been ballotted to serve in the Militia, according to the Provisions of an Act made in the Forty-second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty to accept and continue the Services of certain Troops, or Companies of Yeomanry in Ireland, nor any PerDn being a Member of the University, nor any Clergyman or Licensed Teacher of any separate Congregation, nor any Justice of Peace, Constable, or other Peace Officer, nor any articled Clerk, Apprentice, Seaman, or Seafaring Man, nor any Person doing Duty in His Majesty's Ordnance for the Service thereof, or at any Magazine or other Storehouse belonging to His Majesty, or under the Directions of the Board of Oidnarcr, nor any poor Man not worth Ten Pounds in Goods or Chattels, or who docs not pay Five Pounds a Year Rent in the Whole for Linds, Tenements, and Cottake or Crophold, for the Crop or by the Year, w ho has more than Three Children born in Wedlock, living and under the Age of Fourteen, shall be liable to serve personally or provide a Substitute, according to the Dirtdlions of this Act; and no Person having served personally or by Substitute in any Regiment or Battalion of Militia, shall be obliged to serve again until by Rotation it shall come to his Turn; but no Person who has served only as a Substitute shall, by such Service, be exempted from serving again if he shall be chosen by Ballot.

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That at every Sub-division Meeting for hearing Appeals, the Persons Hearing of prtfiding shall inquire upon Oath into the Allegation of every Person who shall appear personally to support his Appeals an'l Appeal, or on whose Behalf, if he shall be sick or absent, an Appeal shall be brought, which Oath they or any correcting Lift*, of them are hereby empowered to administer; and they shall strike out of the Lift every Person who shall appear to them to be unfit to lerve, or to be legally exempted from serving; and they shall likewise insert in such Lift tftc Name of any Person who it shall appear to them ought to be insertrd therein, and shall have been omitted 5 and they shall forthwith return to the Clerk of the General Meeting a Certificate under their Hands of the Number of Men contained in the Lift of every Parish or Place after such Amendment thereof, for the Use of the General Meeting; and they shall likewise send to the Clerk of the Peace a full and accurate Copy of every such amended Lift, under their Hands and Seals, countersigned by the Clerk of the Meeting, to be by him filed and kept among the Records of the County, which Copy shall be of equal Authenticity for every lawful Purpose respecting the Militia, and of all Proceedings and Acts to be done under this or any Act for raising, embodying, or regulating, or otherwise resptcting the Militia, as the Original, in case the Original shall be loft, effaced, or mislaid.

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Custos Rotuloruro, or Senior Governor in case of the Absence Annual Return of the Custos Rotulorum, of every County, shall and he is hereby required to transmit to His Majesty's Privy of lilUtui'rivy Council annually, as soon after the Returns of Men shall have been made to the General Meetings as the fame Council. can be done, an Account in Writing of the true State of the Number of Persons fit and liable to serve in the Militia for such County, in the Form of Schedule (B.) to this Act annexed.

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That a General Meeting of the Governors and Deputy Governors of Gen-ral every County respectively, shall be summoned by the Clerk of the General Meetings immediately on his receiving Meeting foe such Certificates or any of them, to be held within Seven Days thereafter, and not sooner than Four Days, »pi*mioning for the Purpose of apportioning the Number of Militia Men to be raised on the several Sub-divisions, Parishes, Nand>er& om or Places; and the Persons who shall preside at such General or other Meeting, shall appoint what Number of Ui Men shall be the Quota or Proportion for each Parish or Place to furnish or keep supplitd to the Militia of the County, County of a City, or District, apportioning therhole Number of the Militia, Non-commi flioned Officers, and Drummers included, as nearly as may be, to the Numbers contained in the certified Lists of cacti Parish or Place, and the Clerk of such Meeting shall forthwith give Notice thereof to the several Sub-divisional Clerks, who shall enter and file the fame for the Use of their respective Sub-divisions, and he shall also give a Copy thereof, figoed by himself* to the Clerk of the Peace, to be by him filed and kept among the Records of

6 D 2 such

932

Apportionment tnay be altered.

Notice of Time lor Appeal,

or providing SuMUtutea.

Sureties fur Appearane? of ^allotted Persone.

ath of ballotted Militia Man.

Oath of Substitute or Volunteer.

Piuviding Substitutes, who shall take the Oath b a tore required.

Man inrollrd shall no* be deemed Militia Men until

C. i20. 490 GEORGII III. A.D. 1809.

such County; and such General Meeting shall appoint Meetings to be held in the feveraNSib-divisions for the Purpose of choosing by Ballot the Number of Persons to befurnished from each Sub-division to the Militia.

C. And be it enacted, That the Governor or Governors «vith the Deputy Governors of any County, ora competent Number of them assembled at any General Meeting, may alter the Allotment of the Number of Men to be raised in each respective Barony, Parish, or other Division to serve in the Militia, whenever it shall appear to them that any such Allotment is injurious to any Barony, Parish, or other Division.

Cl. And be it further enacted, That at every Sub-divisional Meeting so to be hi Id for ballotting, whether the fame be for forming any Regiment or Battalion, or for supplying any Deficiency of Men, or filling up any Vacancy or Vacancies therein, the Person or Persons presiding at such Divisional Meeting shall forthwith cause the Number of Men which each Parish or Place ought then to furnish, to be forthwith chosen by Ballot, in Manner following; that is to say, the Names of all Persons contained in the aforesaid Lift for such Parish or Place shall be fairly written on distinct Pieces of Paper, being as near as may be of equal Size, and rolled of in the same Manner, and put into a Box, Case, or Bag, by the Clerk, and thereout the Names shall be impartially drawn by One of the Persons presiding, or forae indifferent Person, until the whole Number which such Parish or Place ought then to furnish shall be drawn 5 and the Person or Persons presiding at such Sub'divisional Meeting shall appoint another Meeting of the Sub-division, to be held within Seven and not sooner than Four Days, and shall cause Notice thereof to be given to each Person drawn by the Ballot, requiring him to appear at such other Meeting, and shew Cause, if any be cap. why he Should be excused, or there to eorol himfdf or produce a sufficient Substitute, who shall be approved of or enrolled, such Notice to be left at hii Place of Abode Two Days at the lead before the Day of his Appearance, or in case he shall have no Place of Abode, or the fame cannot be discovered, such Notice to be affixed on the Door of the Church and other Places of Divine Worship, and in all Places where Notices are usually polled in such District or Parish, Two Days at leail before the Day for his Appearance, and If he shall not appear, and Proof shall be made upon Oath of such Notice having been given or affixed, and no sufficient Cause 00 Oath shall be given for his not appearing, or if he shall not be excused when he shall so appear, or produce a Substitute as aforesaid, he shall be adjudged liable to serve, and serve accordingly.

Cl I. And be it further enacted, That if it shall appear to any Justice of the Peace, Governor, or Depqty Governor, that any Person drawn by a Ballot is not a Lessee of any Land or Lands, or House, in the Sub-division, in which he shall be drawn, for Years or for Life or Lives, it shall be lawful for him to ifiuelus Warrant for bringing such Person before him, and to bind him, together with One sufficient Surety, in the Sum of Twenty Pounds, for his Appearance at the next Sub-divisional Meeting, and from Meeting to Meeting, until he shall be discharged or enrolled; and if he shall refuse to be so bound, or shall neglect to find such Surety, such Justice is hereby required to order the Clerk of the Sub»division to enrol his Name, and he dull be delivered over without Delay to the proper Officer of the Militia, to serve for such Term as a Man drawn by Ballot shall be bound to serve: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to prevent any such Person from having or taking the Benefit of any Exemption or Appeal to which he may by Law be endued.

CIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person so chosen by Ballot who shall so appear at such Meeting, and shall not be excused or provide a Substitute, shall there take the following Oath; that is to say,

I A.B. do solemnly promise and swear, That I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to His Majesty King George; and I do swear, that I will faithfully serve in the Militia of Ireland in the Regiment

4 [or Baitalion] during the Term of Five Years, unless I shall be sooner discharged.'

And that every Substitute and every Volunteer, and every Man who shall be raised by any Pgrish Affeflinen^ in Manner direct^d by this Act, who shall so appear at such Meeting, or who may be at any Time enlisted to serve in such Militia, shall take the following Oath j that is to say,

4 T A B. dofolcmnly promise and swear. That I wilt be faithful and bear true Allegiance to His Majesty f.King George, and I do swear, that I will faithfully serve in the Militia of Ireland, in the Regiment [or Battalion]] during the Term of Five Years; and also for such further Time as the said Regiment [or Battalion] shall remain embodied for Service, if at the Expiration of Five Years the said Regiment 4 [or Bjtta'ioi)] shall be so embodied, unless I shall be sooner discharged.'

Av.d every Inch Person shall be enrolled in a Roll to be then and there prepared for that Purpose, to serve in the Militia of the Lid County or City as a Militia Man accordingly; and that in the Certificate of such Attestation the Day of the Month when such Oath was administered shall be specified in Words, and not in Figures, and that it any such Attestation shall be antedated, the Person knowingly antedating the fame shall, if an Officer, he cafiiicrtd, end if a Magistrate or Deputy Governor shall became liable to and incur the Peualcy of Fifty P U'.ds on Conv.'&ion thereof.

CIV. Provid'd always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person so chosen by Ballot shall procure sod produce for his Substitute a Man able and fit for Service, and who shall be approved of by the said Governor or Govrrnors, or Deputy Governors, or any Three or more of them, such Substitute so produced and approved shall be enrolled to serve in the Militia of such County or City as a private Militia Man for the Space of Five Years, and alf*> for such further Time as the Militia shall remain embodied, if at the Expiration of the said Term of Five Years, the Regiment or Battalion to which such Man shall belong shall be on Service out of such County or City, and such Substitute shall take the Oath herein before appointed to be taken by a Substitute or Volunteer; and any Person so chosen by Ballot for whom such Substitute shall have been so produced, enrolled, and (worn as aforesaid, shall be exempted from Service in the Militia, in the same Manner as if he himself had served according to the Directions of this Act: Provided that no Person who shall be hereafter enrolled in the said Militia, whether as a ballotted Man or Substitute or Volunteer, shall be deemed to be fully approved of, so as to exonerate the Person or Persons, Distndt or Districts bound to provide such Mu, or to

entitle

A.D. 1809.

49° GEORGII .III.

C. 120.

933

entitle such Man to receive the Second Instalment of his Bounty if a Volunteer, unless and until such Approbation shall be expressed by the Commanding Officer of the Regiment or Battalion, or some proper Officer by him appointed; and also by some Person or Persons duly appointed or authorized by or under the Army Medical Board to hold a medical inspection on such Person.

CV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That when it shall appear to the Governor or Governors, and Deputy Governors, or any of them, who shall be aflerr.bled and competent to preside at any Sub-division Meeting, that any Person chosen by Ballot to serve in the Militia is unable by any Infirmity, or not being of the Hu'ghth of Five Feet Two Inches, or is otherwise unfit for Service, it shall be lawful for the Governor or Governors, or Deputy Governors so aflfembied, and they are hereby required to dfeharge such Person, and immediately to amend the Lift for the Place for which such Person shall have been ballotted, by (Inking his Name out of the fame, and cause another Person to be chosen in his Stead by Ballot, according to the Directi^ns of this Act.

CVI. And for the ascertaining what Numbers may be actually serving for any particular Parish or Place in*Cases where a Ballot is to be held for filling up Vacancies, or in any other Cases Be it enacted, That every Commanding Officer of a Regiment or Battalion of Militia shall, within Seven Days after the First Day of Qdober in each and every Year, and as often as be shall be required so to do by the Governors or Deputy Governors at any General Meeting, send to the Clerk of the General Meeting of the County or County of a City, to which his Regiment or Battalion belongs, a full and accurate Account of the Names of all Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, snd Privates, serving at the Time in his Regiment or Battalion, specifying the several Parishes or Places for which each Man serves, or is set down to serve, as far as it has come to his Know-ledge; which Lift shall, by the Clerk of the General Meetings, be fied and preserved for the Use of the Governor or Deputy Governor*.

CVII. And be it further enacted, That the Persona who shall preside at any General or other Meeting which shall be held by virtue of this Act, for the Purpose of apportioning the Militia, shall set down to the Credit of each Parish or Place all such Men in the said Account, as by such Account or by other sufficient Documents shall appear to be serving for the fame; and that the remaining Men shall be divided by Lot among the several Parishes and Places aforesaid, within the County, or County of a City or Town, in Manner following; that is to say, the Person presiding at such Meeting shall cause the Names of all the Men so remaining in the said Lift, after all such Credit being given, to be fairly written on distinct Pieces of Paper, being as near as may be all of equal Size, and rolled in the same Manner, to be put into a Box; and they shall also cause the Names of the Several Parishes or Places on which any Appointment shall have been made, of the Number of Men to be fur-niffied to the Militia, fairly written on distinct Pieces of Parchment or Paper, being as near as may be all of equal Size, and rolled up in the same Manner, to be put into another Box, and they or he, as the Case may be, shall cause One indifferent Person, publickly and fairly to draw a Roll out of one Box, and One other indifferent Person to draw in like Manner a Roll out of the other Box, and the Name of the Person so drawn out of the one Box shall be immediately set down to the Credit of the Parish or Place so drawn out of the other Box, and the Roll containing the Name of such Parish or Place shall again be returned into its Box, rolled up in like Manner as before, and so the said drawing of the Rolls shall be continued by drawing one out of each Box at a Time, always ffiaking each Box before each Drawing, until all the Names contained in the First Box shall be completely drawn and let down to the Credit of the Parish or Place respectively with which they shall be drawn: Provided always, that so soon during such Drawing as there shall be set down to the Credit altogether of any Parish or Place the full Number of the Quota it is to (urniffi its Name shall not be again put into*the Box until the whole of the Drawing shall be over.

CVIII. And be it further enacted, That a8 soon as the Number of Men to be raised from each particular Parish or Place shall be ascertained as aforesaid, the Clerk of the General Meetings shall fend Notice to every Sub-divisional Clerk of the Quota or Proportion of Men which each Parish or Place in his Sub-division is to furniffi to the Militia; and shall fend a Copy of the Names of the several Men set down to the Credit of each such Parish or Place, specifying opposite to each Name the distinct Cause of such Credit; and every Sub-divi-fional Clerk shall respectively lay such Copy before the Sub-divisional Meeting which shall next meet for the Purpose of taking a Ballot.

CIX. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Vacancy or Vacancies shall happen in the Regiment or Battalion of Militia for any County or County of a City, or Town, by Death, Desertion, or lawful Discharge, and it shall not be provided by Law, or directed by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, that the fame ffidi be tidied by enrolling Volunteers, the Clerk of the Peace shall, within Seven Days after he shall receive an Account thereof under the Hand of the Officer commanding the Regiment or Battalion, give Notice thereof to the Clerk of the Sub division in which the Parish or Puce where the Person or Persons who has or have occasioued such Vacancy or Vacancies (Kali have been respectively set down to serve for is situated, and such Clerk shall summon a Sub divitional Meeting to be held within Seven Days, to provide a Man or Men to serve in his or their Room, and a Man or Men shall at every such Meeting be chosen by Ballot, to be held in Manner herein-before prescribed; and in case any Deserter shall at any Time return to his Regiment or Battalion, or be taken, he shall, notwithstanding any Person shall so have been chosen in his Room, be compelled to serve in the same Manner and for the said Term as if no Person bad been so chosen in his Room.

CX. And be it further enacted, That if through the Neglect or Mistake of any Chief or High Constable, Constable, or other Person, or from any other Cause, the full Number of Men appointed for any Sub-division should not be duly enrolled at any Meeting appointed for that Purpose, then the Governor or Governors, and Deputy Governors, or any Two or more of them, may and are hereby required immediately to cause the Lift to be amended, and to proceed to a fresh Ballot, and to adjourn their Meeting or appoint other Meetings, and repeat the amending of the Lifts as often as may be necessary and expedient for carrying the Purposes of this

7 Act

approved by the Colonel, &c. and Surgeons.

Pi (charging of Persona infirm, &c. although ballot ted.

Returns to Clerks of Peace by Commanding Officer of the State of the Regiment.

How Men {ball

be set down to Credit of each Parish, &c. by Ballot, &c.

Notice of Quotas and Ballot' to SuL»-divi(junal Clerks.

Vicancies shall be supplied out of Cxilting Lids.

Amendment of Lifts and further Ballot,

C. I 20

O.ith

Militia Man, and enrolling

him.

Puh-division ricrVs fl.all trar.smit l.ifts of all Mea enrolled.

I'rrfoa* removing, &c. ih»l! serve for I'laces where liitj are drawn.

Where ^allotted Man doea not appear, anoiher shall be chofcu.

Ballotted Man t»<h appearing shall he held a IMcrter.

Ballot ted Man failing at fir it to appear, may pive Surety to serve on nexV Vacancy.

Suhfiirjfes not

appearinjx shall repay Money received, with Twenty Shilling* J Vitally.

Penalty on

I'lTune r< f using ' pay their fcuMtitute*, !il.

Huhfiitntra deferon^ iWl, il retakf-r, line thd/ lull iWiod.

49° GEORGII III. A.D. 1809.

Act duly Fully into Execution; and it shall be lawful for any One Governor or Deputy Governor to admi-mfterthe CLth Herein-before required to be taken by Persons to serve in the Militia, to any Person ballotted for under the Directions of this Act, or to any Person who, being qualified as this Act requires, shall offer to serve as a Substitute or Volunteer; and such Governor or Deputy Governor is hereby authorized to direct and require the Clerks of the Sub-division for which every such Person by whom the find Oath has been taken before him is to serve, to enrol the Name of every such Person, together with the Date of the Day on which the said Oath was so administered to him, in the Roil of such Sub-divdi >n.

CXI. And be it further enacted, That t'.'e respective Cl-rka of the Snb diviilonal Meetings shall, as soon it the Militia Men are enrolled, transmit to the Clerk of the General Meeting, and to the Colon I or Commanding Officer, a List, specify: ng the Names and Trades and FUee* of Abode of all such Mfftia Men as are enrolled; and where there are Substitutes the Names, Trades, .md Places of Abode of the Persons in the Room of whom they were enrolled as Substitutes, in the Form in Schedule C. to this Act annex'd.

CXII. And be it further enactrd, That every Person chosen by Balmt to serve in the Mditia shall be liable to such Service, although he may have removed from the P.ace where his Name was inLrted in the Lift, provided he was redding in such Place at the Time when the Lift was according to the Directions of this Act. -prepared; and every Person liable to serve in the Militia having mor? than One P.ace of Rtfidence, shall serve for the County or Place where his Nime shall be first drawn, as aforesaid.

CXIII. And, to prevent the Militia Service from suffering by badotted Men not appearing pursuant to

Notice as aforesaid / Be it enacted, That on the Non appearance of any Person drawn by Ballot as aforesaid, Notice having been given or affixed as aforesaid, and no Subihtute as aforesaid being produced, the Person or Persons presiding shall immediately proceed to choose another to serve in his Plscc, and so from Time to Time on every Day appointed for the Appearance of the Person so drawn not appearing until a sufficient Man shall be enrolled.

CXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every Person chosen at any Time by.Billot as aforesaid, who shall not by virtue of this Act be excused from serving or produce a Subft'ture, which Subllittite shall be approved of and enrolled, who shall not immediately enrol himself and join the Regiment or Bittalion, shall be liable to serve, notwithstanding another Person may have been chosen in his Room; and it shall be lawful for any Magistrate to issue his Warrant for apprehending him in the Manner and with like Authority as for apprehending a Deserter, and upon C mviction upon Oath before any Magistrate that such Person was ballotted to serve in the Militia, and not excused, jhc shall be fined in the Sum of Five Pounds, and in case of Non-payment thereof, the fame may be levied by Distress of his Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Magistrate, or be may be committed to the Common Gaol of the County of he shall be apprehended, thereto remain for the Space of Six Mouths, or until the Commanding Officer shall desire that he may be sent to the Regiment or Battalion, and the like Reward shall be paid for apprehending him as for apprehending a Deserter, and he shall be deemed a Deserter, and fuss ra3 such.

CXV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any Person so drawn by Ballot, and failing tn appear, shall afterwards voluntarily appear at a Time when the Militia is complete, he shall be immediately enrolled, and shall be bound in the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and shall find a sufficient Surety to be bound in the Sam of Ten Pounds for his Appearance; and joining the Militia whenever there shall be a Vacancy, or he shall bcrcquireJ by the Commanding Officer or Ouk of the Sub diviljon to join, and his Time of Service shall commence from the Day of his joining; and ff be shall so fail to bind hims If, or to find such Surety, he shall be commuted by any Magi(i*ate, Governor, or Deputy Governor, to the Common Gaol of the County, there to remain until he shall be lent to the Reg ment or Butahon to f-rve therein as aforesaid.

CXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall receive Money from any oth-r Person to serve as a Volunteer or Substitute in the Militia as aforesaid, and shall neglect to appear at the usual Meeting appointed for swearing the Militia Men, or before some Governor or Deputy Governor, in order to be (worn according to the Directions of this Act, tv^ry such Person so neglecting to appear and be sworn, being convicted thereof before any Governor or Deputy Governor, fh. li be obliged to return the Money to the Person or Persons from whom he received it, and shall also forfeit and pay to such Person or Persons any Sum not exceeding Twenty

5 oilings, at the D'tcretion of such Governor or Deputy Governor before whom he shall be so convicted; and it Inch Offender shall not immediately return the Money io by him received as aforesaid, and hkcwtfe pay the said Penalty, he shall be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the Space of Three Months, or until the same Sum shall be paid.

CXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person chosen by Ballot to serve in the Militia, shall have engaged any other Person to serve as his Substitute, and the Person so chosen by Ballot shad have agreed top^y to the Person so engaged a certain Sum for such Services, and shall after such Substitute has been enrolled refuse to p^y him the full Snot agreed on, it shall and imy be lawful for any Governor or Deputy Governor, or Justice of the Peace, on Application made to him, and such Governor, Deputy Governor, or Justice is hereby required to order such Sum ot Monty as shall appear to him to be due to the Person so engaged, to be immediate y paid to him by the Person or Persons by or for whom he shall be engaged to serve as aforesaid; and in case of his refnli g or iicglrfting fi> t > do, to forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, and also the Sum engaged to be paid to the Substitute, the firr.t to be levied by Warrant under the Fland and Seal of any Governor or Deputy Governor, or Justice of the Peace, off the Goods and Chattels of such Person so engaging such Substitute.

CXVTII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person being sworn and enrolled to serve as a bahotted Man, Substitute, or Volunteer in the Militia, shall afterwards desert or absent himself from the Regiment or Battalion to which he belongs, every such Person shall be liable to, and shall serve as a Militia Man in such Regiment or Batta'ion for and during the full Term for which he shall be enrolled, to be computed from the Day on which he shall be apprehended, and shall also be subject to such other Penalty or Pumlbmcot as shall

be

A.D. 1809.

49 GEORGII III.

C. 120.

935

be inflicted upon him for such Offence by virtue of this Act $ and the Commanding Officer of such Regiment or Battalion shall cause Notice to be given to the Clerk of the Sub-division for which such Person was enrolled, of the Day on which he was apprehended; and such Clerk shall make an Entry on the Roll of the Militia of the Name of such Person, and also of the Time of hia being so apprehended.

CXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, being one of the Persuasion callrd Qttalers, shall be Subfttiute*shall chosen by Ballot to serve in the Militia, and shall refuse or neglect to appear and take the Oath and serve in the be provided lor Militia, or provide a Substitute to be approved of as aforesaid, who shall take the Oath and subscribe his Consent Quakers j to serve as the Substitute of such Quaker, then and iu every such Case, any Two or more Governors or Deputy Governors shall, if they shall think proper, upon as reasonable Terms as may be, provide and hire a fit Person to serve as a Substitute for such Quaker, and such Substitute shall take the Oath herein prescribed for a Subftf-tute, ana subscribe his Confmt to serve in the Militia for the fame Term, and on the fame Conditions as are herein-before dirtfted in the Ctfe of Substitutes produced by Persons rhofen by Ballot; and any Three or more Governors cr Deputy Governors may and are hereby authorized by Warrant under their Hands and S-als, to levying the levy, by Distress and Sale of ths Goods and Chattels of such Quak-r, such Sum of Money as shall be necessary Expence on to defray the Expence of providing and hiring such Substitute, rendering to such Quaker the Overplus (if any) f9u*!fcr*J after deduct-ng the Charges of such Distress and Sale; and if no Goods or Chattels belonging to such Quaker*

can be found sufficient to levy such D.stress, and it shall nevertheless appear satisfactorily to such Governor or Governors, or Deputy Governors, that such Quaker i9 of sufficient Ability to pay the Sum of Ten Pounds, then it shall be lawful for such Governor or Governors, or Deputy Governors, to commit such Quaker to the"

Common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mrinprize for the Space of Three Months, or until he shall have paid such Sum of Money as such Governor or Governor, or Deputy Governors shall have agreed to pay to such Substitute as aforesaid; and in case any Mtafure shall be used in making Distrtfs as aforesaid which may be by any such Quaker thought opprtffive, it shall be lawful for such Quaker to complain to the Governor or Governors, or Deputy Governors, at their next Meeting, who are hereby empowered and required finally to h -ar and determine the same.

CXX. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where under this Act any Person, being one of the Perfuatian of the Pcop'e called Quakers, shall be required to pay any Sum of Money to be applied to the Purposes of this Act, either by the Warrant of any Governor or Deputy Governor as aforesaid, or by the Warrant of the Treasurer of any County, City, or Town, in consequence of any Preferment of any Grand Jury, or otherwise, the Demand for such Sum of Morey to be applied to the Purposes of this Act shall be made upon such Quaker (if required so to be by such Quaker) separate and distinct from any other Demand to which such Quaker may be liable, and shall and may be levied by Distrtfs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Quaker, separately and distinctly from any other Sum or Sums of Money to the Payment of which such Quaker may be liable under or by virtue of any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland-

CXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the Governor or Governors, or Deputy Govern aors, shall at any of theft S ib-division Meetings receive Information, or shall suspect that any Person whose Name is inftrted in any L ft, and described as an Apprentice, has been fraudulently bound Apprentice in order to avoid serving in the Militia, it shall be lawful for them to make Inquiry thereof, and to summon such Persons as they shall think necessary to appear before them at such Time and Place as they shall appoint, and examine such Persons upon Oath; and in case it shall appear that such Binding was fraudulent, in order to avoid serving in the M litia, it shall be lawful for such Governor or Governors, or Deputy Governors, to appoint such Person so fraudu'ciitiy bound Apprentice to serve as a Militia Man for the Parish or Place for which such Lift shall have been returned, if there shall be a Vacancy, and if there shall be no Vacancy at that Time, such Person shall be immediately enrolled, and shall be bound in the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and shall find a sufficient Surety to be bound in the Sum of Ten Pounds for his Appearance, and joining the said Militia whenever there shall be a Vacancy, or whenever he shall be required by the Commanding Officer or Clerk of the Sub-division to join; and his Time of Service shall commence from the Day of his j lining; and if he shall fail to bind himself, or to find such Surety, he shall be committed by any Magistrate, Governor, or Deputy Governor, to the'

Common Gaol of the County, there to remain until he shall be sent to the Regiment or Battalion to serve therein; and the Person to whom such Apprentice shall have been so bound shall for such Offence forfeit and» pav the Sum of Ten Pounds.

CXXII. And be it further tnnfted. That if any Servant whatsoever hired by the Year or otherwise shall be en-ollrd as a Militia Man, and any Dispute shall arise between his Mailer and Mistreff, Employer or Employers, {kcnm'noe and such Servant, touching any Sum or Sums of Money due to such Servant, for or on account of his Service^performed before the Time of such Swearing or Enrolment, or to such Time as under the Conditions of tho tafcoi Servants laid Swearing and Enrolling he shall be obliged to quit the Service of his said Matter or Mdtrefs, by being enrolling into called out to join the Militia in which he shall have been sworn and enrobed, it shall and may be lawful, on the Militia. Complaint made thereof within Three Months from the Time of quitting the said Service to any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, Liberty, Town, or Place where such Matter, Mistress, Employer or Employers shall inhabit, for such Justice to hear and determine every such Comp aint, and to examine upon Oath every such Servant, or any other Witness or Witnesses touching the fame, and to make such Order for the Payment of such Wages to such Servant, in proportion to the Service be has performed, as to Each Justice shall seem just and reasonable, provided the Sum in question does not exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and in case of Refusal or Omission to pay any Sums so ordered by the Space of Twenty-one Days next after such Deter* minabion, such Justice shall and may issue forth his or their Warrant to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Master or Mistrefa, Employer or Employers! rendering the Overplus to the Owner r Owners, after Payment of the Charges of such Distress and Salt.

6.CXX1IL

Appeals ), y Q-iakers t* Governors.

Demands on Quakers under this Act shall lie made separately from oCi*r Demands.

Fraudulent

Apprentice*

compellable

serve.

Jufller of Peace

Men

i'rom Regiments when unfit for Sew ice.

Lori lieutenant ynay authorize Vestry AflVfT-meets, for raising«

Fixing Price for Substitutes,

according to Limitation by Lewd Lieutenant.

Volunteer JSubflitutes procured shall be enrolled.

AffHTments for such Vurpofrs in Extras parochial Place*, Bix.

CXXIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Militia Man, after having been sworn and enrolled* shall become unfit for Service, it shall be lawful for the Colonel or Commanding Officer of any Regiment or Battalion to which such Militia Man shall belong, together with Two or more Deputy Governors of the County to which such Regiment or Battalion shall belong, if the said Regiment or Battalion shall be then within the said County, or for the said Commanding Officer alone, by the Order of the Officer commanding His Majesty's Forces in Ireland if the said Regiment or Battalion shall be absent from such County or County of a Oty, to discharge any such Militia Man from such Regiment or Battalion: Provided always, that no Man shall be ballotted for to supp'y the Vacancy caused by any Man being so discharged, until such Discharge shall be approved by the Deputy Governors, at a Meeting for the Subdivision for which such Man so discharged was enrolled; and such Appiobation shall be entered and recorded in the Proceedings of such Subdiviffon Meeting.

CXXIV. 4 And Whereas it may be more eligible that the necessary Number of Men for any Parish or Place,

either at forming any Regiment or Battalion, or for supplying any Vacancy or Vacancies therein, (hou d be raised by Means of Assessment than by Ballot / Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Inhabitants of any Parish in Ireland, having one or more Churchwarden or Churchwardens, with the Guifeat and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, signified by his or their Chief Secretary, at a Vestry Meeting to be held for that Purpose, of which Seven Days Publick Notice shall be given, specifying the Cause of calling such Meeting, and which Meeting every Churchwarden of such Parish is hereby severally required to summon, to order to be levied by Assessment upon the Parish such Sums as they shall think propet-, not exceeding in the Whole the Amount of the Average Price of a substitute (such Average Price to be fixed in Manner hereir-after mentioned) for every Man directed to be raised as the Quota of such Parish, and to apply the same as they shall think fit for providing a sufficient Number of Men to trrve as Substitutes or Volunteers for such Parish, according to the Quota so to be raised in such Parish as aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for the said Inhabitants at the said Vcttry Meeting, to appoint one or more Person or Persons to direct and superintend the Application of such Sum for such Purposes, pursuant to the Order of such Vestry; and all such Sums shall be forthwith raised and levied in like Manner, and by ad such Means, Powers, Authorities, and Persons, and with all such Remedies, in case of any Refusal or Omission to pay the same, as any Parish Cess may by Law be raised and levied in Ireland\ the Overplus (if any) or such Part as may from any Reason remain undisposed of to be applied to any such parochial Purposes to which a Parish Cess may by Law be applied, as the Vestry of such Parish shall at any future Meeting to be called for that Purpose direct.

CXXV. And be it further enacted, That the Governor or Governors, or Deputy Governors of each County or City, or such of them as shall duly preside at any General Meeting to be holdeu as herein-before directed for the Purposes of this Act, shall, whenever they shall think proper so to do, fix and declare what in their Judgement shall appear to them to be a fair and reasonable Sum to be paid as the average Price of a Substitute or Volunteer in the said Militia; and such Sum so fixed and declared shall be and continue to be the average Price of such Substitutes for such County or City, until the same shall be other wise ordered at any subsequent Meeting: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, whenever he or they shall think proper so to do, to fix and ascertain, either generally or for any particular County, or County of a City or Town, any Sum or Sums as a Limit or Limits above which respectively such Average shall not be madfe.

CXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Churchwardens or any Inhabitant of such Parish shall and may produce such Substitutes or Volunteers so provided as aforesaid, before any Deputy Governor of the Subdivisioo, at any Time on or previous to the Day appointed for choosing the Men by Ballot in such Subdivion in pursuance of this Act, and that it shall and may be lawful for any Persons to provide Volunteers to serve for any Sub-diviffon, or any of the Districts therein, and to produce such Volunteers, or for any Persons willing to serve to otTer themselves to serve for any such Division, and to appear before any such Deputy Governor within such Time and at such Place as aforesaid; and every Person so produced or appearing, who shall be approved of by the said Deputy Governors as aforesaid, shall and may be enrolled to serve atone of the Quota of such Parish or Division; and such Deputy Governor before whom any such Volunteer shall be enrolled, shall cause the Clerks of the Meetings for the respective Subdivisions to enrol the Names of all such Volunteers as shall be so entered within the respective Subdivisions, before the Time appointed for ballotting the Men within the same; provided however, that if the full Quota then required to be raised shall not be raised by the Ways aforesaid, or by any of them, in or for any such Parish or Subdivision, by or before the Time appointed for ballotting for such Parish or Division, the Men that shall have beeu so raised (if any) shall be deemed and taken as Part of the Quota of such Parish or Division, and the Ballot shall proceed for the Residue of such Quota.

CXXVII. ' And Whereas by reason of certain Districts in the County of DvMtn being Extra-parochiat, and also because certain Parts of the said County have been put under the Regulations and Assessments of the Paving Board, and are thereby exonerated from paying Grand Jury Cess for the Repair of the Highways in the said County, such Assessments cannot be made therein in Manner aforesaid for the raising the Numbtr of

Men allotted to such Dirtrifts and Places to serve as Substitutes in the Militia of the said County: And Whereas similar Difficulties occur in different Places and Parishea in Ireland, by reason of such Places being Extra-parochial, or such Parishes not having any Churchwardens or regular Vestry therein, or otherwise; Be it therefore enacted, That in every such Case the Treasurer of the County or County of a City shall make out and deliver to any resident Inhabitant or Inhabitants of such Town, Parish, or Place respectively, his Warrants for raising from the Inhabitants thereof respectively the Sums necessary for procuring the Number of Subllitotes required of such Districts or Places respectively, at the said average Price thereof; and thereupon it shall and may be lawful for the said residing Inhabitant or Inhabitants, pr any of them, within Three Days of

the

A.D. 1809. 49° GEORGII III. C. 120. 937

the Time of serving the said Warrant, to cause to be pofled on the Door of the Church of such Parish or of any Parish adjoining to such PJace, a Notice, requiring at a Time and Place to be therein mentioned, not more than Five nor left than Three Days from the posting of such Notice, a Meeting of such Persona within such District, Place, or Parish, who would be entitled to compose a Vestry, if any such there were, or if such Vestry were to meet therein, and to direct them to appoint Applotters to applot on the whole of such Place or Parish (whether under the Regulations of the Paving Board if in the County of Dublin or not) the Sum so required to be levied by said Warrant, such Applotment to be levied in the Manner in which Parish Ceffes are applotted, and also to appoint any Person or Persons to superintend the Application of the Sums so to be raised, and to return the said Applotment within Ten Days from the Date of the said Notice to the said Treasurer; and in case such Applotment shall not be made and delivered to the said Treasurer, or in case such Person or Persons shall not be 10 nominated to superintend the Application of the Sums so to be raised, within the aforesaid Time, then and in either of such Cases it shall and may be lawful for the said Treasurer to direct and authorize any Person whom he shall think proper to make such Applotment himself, in like Manner as aforesaid, and to verify the fame by Oath before any Magistrate of said County, that the fame was made to the best of his Skill and Knowledge; and it shall also be lawful for the said Treasurer to appoint such Person or Persons as he shall think proper to superintend the Application of the Sums to be levied; and it shall and may be lawful for any Person duly authorized by the said Treasurer to levy the same, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Persons liable to pay the said Assessments, whether the Applotment shall have been made by the Person appointed at such Meeting or by any Person appointed by the said Treasurer as aforesaid, and in case any Part of any Sum so raised shall by any Means remain unapplied to the said Purposes, the same shall be placed by the said Treasurer to the Credit of such Place, as an Advance on account of any future publick Cess* and in case any of the said Persons respectively shall refuse or neglefi to perform all and every Matter required hereby, each of them so offending shall be subject to a Penalty of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's superior Courts of Record in Dublin.

CXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if it shall appear fitting to the Governors and Deputy Applotment of Governors of any such County at a General Meeting duly assembled, they may by Writing under the Hands of such AflciTmems* any Three or more of them, dire# the said Treasurer to divide the Sum so applotted to be levied at Two distinct Periods within the Year, such Periods to be regulated according to the Times that the County Cess is usually collected and levied; and in Cases where Houses or Buildings have been cre&ed on the whole or any Part of the several Parishes, Distri6ts, or Places in the County of Dublin, which have been laid out for the building of Streets, Squares, Lancs, Alleys, or Publick Passages, the Applotters, or the Person so appointed by the Treasurer, as the Case may be, are hereby required to applot a proportionable Part of the Sura to be collected for the said Purpose on the said Houses and Buildings, at a Rate not exceeding Two Shillings for every Five Pounds that they may estimate the said Houses or Buildings to be worth annually.

CXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Clerks of all Subdivisional Meetings shall, within Eight Days Copies of after every Subdivision Meeting, transmit to the Clerk of the General Meeting of the County, fair and true Assessiacnu.

Copies of such Rolls as shall be signed at such Meeting, and the other Proceedings thereof.

CXXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whenever it shall be necessary to raise Men for the Lord Lieutenant said Militia, or for any of the said Regiments or Battalions thereof, not exceeding the original Numbers required may alW Militia by this Act, either at the forming thereof, or to fill any Vacancy or Vacancies, it shall and may be lawful° 1!? or

for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, to direct v^untoeral fend appoint by any Order or Proclamation to be issued for that Purpose, that the necessary Number of Men, either for the whole or any Regiment or Battalion of the said Militia, shall be raised by the enrolling and receiving Volunteers^and every such Order or Proclamation, if not extending to the whole of the said Militia, shall specify the several Regiments or Battalions for which such Men shall be so raised, by the enrolling and receiving Volunteers.

CXXXI. ' And in order to carry such Order or Proclamation into Effect; Be it enacted, That it shall and D-rd Lirntcmt may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Inland for the Time being, n'»y "rdrr to issue his Orders to all or any of the several Colonels and other Commanding Officers of the respective Regi- Tu

meats or Battalions of Militia in Ireland, or such of them as shall be included in such Proclamation or Order, re'cf.ivp requiring him or them, without Delay, to proceed to enrol a certain Number of Volunteers, not exceeding in lCur*. any Ctle the Establishments of their respective Regiments or Battalions at the Time of such Order $ and for that Purpose it shall and may be lawful for the Lord L'eutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, to issue his Orders to the Lords Commissioners of; hcTreasury of Ireland, requiring them to advance from Time to Time to such Colonels or other Commanding Officer or Officers of the different Regiments or Battalions of Militia in Ireland, such Sum or Sums of Money as may be directed by such Order, sot exceeding such Sum as shall at such Time be fixed and declared as the average Price of a Substitute, in Manner herein-before mentioned,

CXXXII. And be it further enacted, That upon such Order being ifliitd ns aforesaid, the several Colonels or Commanding Officer or Officers of the said Regiments to whom the lame shall extend, shall immediately proceed to enlist and enroll within their respective Counties or Counties of Cities such Volunteers, being able-bodied Men, not ltfs than Five Feet Four Inches in Height, and not more than Forty-five Years of Age, as can be procured, giving to each Man by way of Bounty, any Sum not exceeding the Price of a Substitute as aforesaid One Half of such Bounty to be paid to every such Volunteer at the Tune of his enrolling himself in any such Regiment or Battalion of Militia, and the Residue thereof to be paid to every such Volunteer on his first Appearance at the Time and Place to be appointed for the affentbling or exercising of the Regiment or Battalion in which such Volunteer shall be enrolled, which Sum the said Colonels or Officers are hereby authorized to 49 Geo. III. 6 E advance

Commanders U>all proceed to raifr Volunteers on Bounty,

Sec § I f}',

938

C. 120.

49° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1809.

Lord Lieutenant in ay require Treasury to advance the Money for Bounty.

No greater Bounty Dull be given.

Volunteers shall be (worn an Militia Men.

Colonels shall transmit Lists of Volunteers to Chief Secretary's Office.

Chief Secretary shall tninfinit such Lifts to Treasurm of Counties, to be by them laid before Grand Juries, and I'refenmu nts of the Amount of Bounty advaiued dial I he made accordingly.

Iy-ryirg of Sums to be^icfnued.

advance and pay to such Volunteers in Manner aforesaid; and it is hereby declared, that the said Sum to be paid to every Man so enrolled and cniifted is over and above and altogether distin^t from the Marching Guinea to which such Man may be or become entitled.

CXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any such Orders shall be issued For enrolling Volun* teers, it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Tunc bein^, to issue his or their Order or Orders to the Lords Comnrvffioners of the Treasury of Ireland, requiring them to advance to the several Colonels or Commanding Officers of the different Regiments or Battakons of Militia in Ireland\ for defraying the necessary Expence of procuring and enrolling such Volunteers, any further Sum or Sums of Money which may be directed in any such Order, not exceeding the Rate of One Pound One Shilling for every private Man who may be from Tune to Time so enrolled, over and above the Bounty and the Marching Guinea to which such Volunteer may be entitled: Provided always, that no such Volunteer shall be entitled to or receive any Part of such further Sum, nor a^y greater or higher Bounty than as aforesaid.

CXXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful to or for any Color el or other Commanding Officer or Officers of any Regiment or Battalion of Militia, or to or for any other Person or Persons whatsoever in hi? or their Behalf, to advance or to engage to advance, or give any greater or latgtr Sum of Money than as aforesaid, or to give or pron ilY, or undertake to give any other or hrger Bounty or Reward than the several Sums aforesaid, for the Purpost* of inducing any Man to enrol himself as a Volunteer.

CXXXV. And be it further enacted, That every Man so enrolled shall, in the Presence of some one Governor, Deputy Governor, Just ice of the Peace, or Magistrate atVrg for the County cr City to which the Regiment or Battalion in which he shall be enroll-d shall bdong, take and subscribe the fame Oith as is hereinbefore directed 10 betaken by a Substitute or Volunteer m any Regiment or Battalion of the said Militia.

CXXXVI. And be it furtiicr enacted, That the several Col mels or other Commanding Officer or Officers shall keep or cause to be kept true and regular Entries of the Names, Additions, P.acta of Rcfi fence, Parish and other Descriptions of the Persons they shall enrol as aforesaid, and the several Sums wHch shall have been advanced and paid to such Persons rc spetftively, and shall transmit regular Copies of such Entries, certified by them respectively, as well as by the Adjutant and Pay mailer of the Regiment or Battalion respectively, to the Office of the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland,

CXXXVir. And be it further enacted, That the said Chief Secretary shall cause Copies of the Returns of the Men thus enrolled, and the Sums advanced to such Men r^spedivdy, to be transmitted to the several and respective Treasurers for the several Counties and Counties of Cities and Towns in Ireland, Ten Days at leatt previous to the then next ensuing General Affixes, which shall not commence within such Ten Days; or if to the Treasurer of the County and City of Dublin, within Fourteen Days previous to the then next preferring Term, which shall not commence within such Fourteen Diys; and the said several Treasurers shall, and they are hereby respectively required to lay the said Returns before the Judges of Assize on the Commission Day of such Assizes, or in the County and City of Dublin before the Court of King's Bench, on the First Day of such Term, and before the respective Grand Juries for such Countbs or Counties of Cities and Towns shall be sworn; and the said Judges or the said Court, as the Case may be, shall and they are hereby required to give the fame, except as herein after excepted, in charge to the said Grand Juries, in order that the Sums thus expended any be presented and raised off the faitl Counties or Counties of Cities or Towns, or any Birony or Baronies, Parish or Parishes therein respectively as such Grand Juries respectively shall think proper, which said Presentments the said respective Grand Juries are hereby respectively authorized and required to make, unless the Amount of the Sum thus to be raised shall appear to the said resptftivr Grand Juries too large to be raised at one Assizes, or at one presenting Term, within the respective Counties or Counties of Cities or Town9, in which Case it shall and may be lawful for the said several Grand Juries, by and with the Concurrence of the Judges of the said Assizes, or the said Court, to present any Part of such Sum, not less than one Moiety thereof, at such Assizes or Term*and the Residue shall in like Manner be given in charge and presented by the Grand Jury of such County or County of a City or Town, or Grand Juries of such respective Counties or Counties of Cities or Towns, as the Cale may be, at the then next ensuing Assize* or presenting Term; and in case the Grand Jury of any County or County of a City or Town shall, after the Judge? of the Court shall have given the fame in charge to them, omit, neglt&. or refuse to present the fame, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Judges of Assize, or the Court of King's Bench respectively, and thty are hereby respectively required to order and direct the Treasurer of such County or County of a City, to include the whole of such Sum, and return the lame among the Preferments of the County, so that the same shall be raffed and levied forthwith; and it shall not be lawful to traverse any such^resentment; Provided always, that within every County of a City and County of a Town all Sums so presented shall and may be raised by an Affffment on Iioufcs and Land, according to a Valuation of the fame respectively, id such Manner a* such Grand Jury shall from Time to Time order and t!ree&.

CXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Treasurers of the respective Counties and Counties of Cittc*3 and Towns as aforesaid, shall collect and receive the said several Sums, and (halt forthwith pay the lame to the Collector of Excise for such County or County of a City or Town; or in case there shall be in any County Two or more Districts, with Two or more Collectors resptClivdy, or Parts of such Distrusts, then to the Collector of that Part of such County in which the County Town is situate; and every such Collector shall, and he is hereby required to give a Receipt for all Sums of Money that shall be so paid to him as aforesaid, and such Receipt shall be lodged among the Records of such County, and shall be a Discharge and Acquittance to such County for all such Men as shall be so raised, for the Time for which they shall be so enrolled to serve as aforesaid, unless Vacancica shall occur by Death, Desertion, or lawful Discharge*

r CXXXIX.

490 GEORGII III.

C. 120.

939

CXXXIX*And Wherea3 several Reg; ments and Battalions of Militia have been augmented m Manner*herein-before mentioned, to the Eflabli/hnvnt of One Hundred Rank and File per Company, with the usual ' Proportion of Commissioned and Non-cornmiflfioned Officers, and the Residue of the said Regiments and Battalions, or any of them, may hereafter be so augmented Be it enacted, That whenever any Vacancy or Vacancies shall occur by Death, Desertion, or lawful Discharge, in any Regiment or Battalion which shall have been or shall be so augmented, during the Continuance of such Augmentation, Inch Vacancies shall from Time to Time be fi!Ld up by enrolling Volunteers, and not by ballotting, and for that Purpose it shall and may be lawful for the feyer.il Colofitls or Commanding Officers of such Regiments to procure and enrol Volunteers to fill up such Vacancies, and to make Returns in Manner h-rein-before dirtdted, which Returns shall be Frit arid given in Charge totht Lvcral Grand Juries respectively in Mannvr aforesaid, and the several Grand Juries of the Counties or C unities of Cities, at the respective enfning Adi/csor presenting Term, shall thereupon present such Sum of

Parts of th'* Money so advanced, at the Rate

vrrnor or

Governors of Ireland for the

Money as shall br suffickm to reimburse and repay Seven Tenth Parts t arorc!aid, under the Order of the Ford Lieutenant or other Chief Go Time being, for the procuring and enrobing lurh Volunteers to supply such Vacancies, or in default of f; ch Presentmer.t the Judge of Assize or the Court shall order and diredf the Treasurer of the C uiiuv, or County of the City, to include such Sum, and return the fame among the Presentmuit? thereof, so that the same shall be raised and levied forthwith; and every such Sum shall be levied, collected, and received by the Treasurers of the Counties cr Counties of Cuie8, and paid by them to the Collectors of Excise, in like Manner as is herein-before din bird w: th r.ip.£t to the other Sums dirtdLd to be presentrd, levied, colhelrd, and paid, under the Authority of this Act: Provided always, that in any County, County of a City or Town, where the M litia Men serving shall have been or shall be apportioned in Manner herein-before directed, among the several Parishes and Dfltrcts, it shall and may be lawful to proceed from Time to Time by B.fllot, for the filling up of Vacancies for the original Quota of such County, County of a City o>- Town 5 and that all Vacancies arising in the augmented Numbers shall be filled up by the Volunteers, in such Minner a3 is directed by the said recited Act of the Forty-fourth Year, intituled, An Act for empowering His Mnjjly to dined the Augmentation of his Militia Forces in Ireland, to an Extent therein limited \ any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if it shall be deemed inexpedient by His M. j: fty, or the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Irelandr, in Council, to raise, embody, or continue any Regiment or Battalion of Militia in any County or City in Ireland, it shall be lawful for H s M-jrtty, or for the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the 'Time bring, by and with the Advice of the Privy Council of Ireland\ to forbid the raising or embodying of such Regiment or Bittaben, and to Hay all Proceedings therein for such Time as shall be deemed expedient, or to order that all of any of the said Regiments or Battalions shall be disembodied and wholly ceale and determine; any Thing in this Act to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

CXLL. And be it further enacted, That if it shall happen in any Case that the Number of Militia Men duly appoint! d or to be appointed to be raised for any Regiment or Battalion of Militia of Ireland, (hill not be re i fed within Three Calendar Months from and after the Time when the fame ought to be raised by Ballot as aforesaid, Or within Four Mon'hs from the Date of the Order for raising the fame by enrolling Volunteers, then and in every such Cist the County or County of a City or Town in which such Number of Militia Men ought to be raised, shall be charged with the Payment of the yearly Sum of Ten Pounds for and in lieu of every private Militia Man so deficient; and upon Proof on Oath lirtl laid by any Governor or Deputy Governor of such Deficiency before the Judges of Assize, or in the County or City of Dublin before the Court of King's Bmch, it shall be lawful for such Judge of Assize and such Court, and they are hereby rtfue&ivdy required to fine the County or County of a City or Town, or such Dittridl, Baronies or Birony, or P.irifii or Parishes thereof in which such Neglect shall happen, in a Sum after the Rate of Ten Pounds for a-y Private Min so deficient, and to repeat the said Fine annually so long as the said Deficiency shall continue, which Fine or Fin-s shall be cflreated into His Majesty's Exchequer and issued in Prnctf*, and shall be duly levied by the SherrifVor other Officers respectively to whom such Prorefs shall be dirtcred refoe£tivr!y 5 and it shall not be law'ul for the 1'irons of trie Exch quer or Commissioners of Reducement, on any Account, to take off, rilcufc or reduce such Fine or Fines, or any Parts thereof.

CXLII. And be it further enacted, That all such F-nes, and all other Fines hereby impofrd, when rot etherwite expressly dirt S. d, shall, when lcved, be paid into His Majesty* IVcafury, and flnli he k<-p' separate and apart from all other Monty, and (lid) be accounted for Yearly to Parliament; and no Fee or Gratuity whatsoever (h ill be given or paid to any Officer of the Exchequer for or on account ot receiving or issuing any such Money: Provided always, that such Money, or any Part thereof, may be applied by or under the Orders of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors ot Ireland for the Time being, if he or they shall think proptr, in providing Subfiituces or Volunteers to feive in the Militia for the Counties, Counties of Cities, or DtitiicL from which such Fines respectively shall have acciucd, by applying the lame rtfpi&ivtly, or in Eafc and Diminution thereof, either in addition to the Bounties herein-before mentioned respectiwlv, or par ly in the ooe Way and partly in the other, in such Manrer as the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being shall ciirtiL

CXLIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any other Mode of Proceeding is not hereby provided, all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, by this Act imposed, which shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, shall be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's superior Courts of Record at Dub!in % wherein no Ettoign, Privilege or Protection, Wager of Law, or nv. re than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and that all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, by this Act impelled, which shall

6 E 2 not

Vacancies in augmented Regiments shall he liHcd up by Volunteers, and Seven-Tenths of tlu* ]-.'{pence shall bn levied by Pr.'fei.tn'.rnt oil the Countiui,

Varaneir-r ia original Quota may he iuppliedi by Hallot:

In Augmentation by Volunteers, under

4 1 G. 3. c. 33.

The embodying o( any MV.itia may he impended.

Fine on County of 1 oh per A unum Tor every Muu deficient*

Fin-5 shall be jj.iid into the Treasury, and accounted (or Uk Parliament.

Fines may be applied under Order of I/oni J-ieutcnsnt iu providing Subflitaie*.

Fines exceeding 20^. recoverable in a Court ot Record; not exceeding 20l. before a Justice,

Prnulty dn Treasurris, Oerks, &c. for

Ni'gled, 1001.

T*i>m of Comv.dion tinder this Act.

Convictions shall no; he removed tj Certiorari.

limitation of Actions, &. c.

Six Months. Central I flue.

[Treble Costs.]

Y» natty of Perjury on &)£t Oaiba.

'f'ommenrtment of Act.

C. 120. 49° GEORGII III. A.D. 1809.

not exceed the sum of Twenty Pounds, shall, upon due Proof of the Offence before any Justice of the Peace of the County where the Offence shall be committed, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after deducing the Charge of such Di ft refs and Sale, to the Person whole Goods and Chattels shall have been so distraiaed and fold 5 and for Want of such Distress such Justice is hereby required, in all Cases where no particular Time of Commitment is herein.brforc directed, to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol of the County where the Offence shall have been committed, for any Time not exceeding Three Months; and the Money arising by all such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, the Application whereof is not otherwise directed by this Act, shall be paid to the Collectors of Excifr, and accounted for and paid over by them as all other Mouits vcceived by them respectively.

CXLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Treasurer of any County, any Clerk of the Peace, or sny Colic dor of His Majesty's Revenue, or of any County or County of a City, Barony or Half Barony, shall refuse or knowingly neglect to do any Matter or Thing required by this Act to be done by him, or shall wilfully omit to carry any of the Provisions in this Act respecting himself or his Office into execution, and shall be thereof convicted by Information or Indictment at the Assizes or King's Bench in the County or County of the City of Dublin, he shall be fined any Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds, at the Discretion of the Court.

CXLV. And be it further enacted, That all Convictions made by any Governor, or Deputy Governor, or Justice of the Peace, under this Act, shall be in the Form here following, or in some other Form to that or the like Effect 5 that is to say,

1 DE it remembered, That on the Day of in the Year

*t in the County [or. County of a City or Town] of

A.B. of .was convicted before me E. F. the Governor, [or, One of the Governor?,

or, One of the Deputy Governors, or, of the Justice of the Peace] of the said County [or County of a City]

for that on the Day of at in the said where the said A.B. did [here state the OJfenee\ Iu Witness whereof, I the

said E. F. have hereunto set my Hand and Seal, this Day or in the

Year of our Lord

Which Conviction, er any other Form of Conviction to that or the like Efftd, shall be good, valid, and effectual in Law, without setting out the Evidence, or dating any other Matter more particularly or otherwise than as aforesaid.

CXLVI. And be it further enacted, That no Order or Conviction made by any Governor or Governors, or by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, under or by virtue of this Act, shall be removed by Certiorari or other Writ or Process, out of the County, City, or Place wherein such Order or Conviction was made, into any of His Majesty's superior Courts of Record in Dublin; and that no Writ of Certiorari or other Writ shall supersede any Execution or other Proceedings upon any such Order or Conviction so made in pursuance of this Act, but that the Execution shall be made thereupon; any such Writ or Writs, or Allowance thereof notwithstanding.

CXLVII. And be it further enacted, Thit if any Action shall be brought against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Six Months next after the Fad committed, and not afterwards and shall be laid in the County or Place where the Cause of Complain! did arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and in any such Action or Suit, if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, Judgment shall be given against the Piaiotiff or Plaintiffs the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant hath in other Cases to recover Colls by Law.

CXLVIII. And be it further enzded, That in all Cases in the Execution of this Act, when any Matter or Thing is directed to be inquired of or examined into, upon the Oath or Affirmation of aoy Witness or Witnesses, before any Governor of any County, or any Deputy Governor or Governors, or Justice or Justices of the Peace, they and every of them is and are hereby respectively authorized to administer such 0<uh or Affirmation to any Witmfs or Wttnelfcs; and that all other Oaths or Affirmations to be taken in pursuance of this Act shall and may be respectively admir.iltfred by any Governor or Deputy Governor; and every Person who shall knowingly or willingly take any false Oath or Animation in any Matter required by this Act, and be thereof convicted. shall suffer the Penalties of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

CXLIX. And be it enacted, Tr: at this Act, and the several Clauses, Trovisions, Matters, and Things therein contained, shall commence, take effect, and be of force from and after the Expiration of ouc Calendar Month after the paffi ig thereof, and not foontr.

SCHEDULES

C. 120.

941

49° GEORGII ID.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

County of

RETURN of all Male Persons residing within the Parish of between the Age of

Sixteen and Forty-five Years.

Names or Common Appellation. Reputed Age. Street and Place of Abode. Trade or Occupation. Exemption, if anyt and what. 1 If Married, N° of Children under 14 Years of Age. Observations.

i

SCHEDULE (B.J

County of

RETURN of Persons fit or liable to serve in the Militia for the County of

Names of Parishes. Number fit.

J -

SCHEDULE (C.)

County of

RETURN of Men enrolled to serve for the Militia for the Subdivision of Parish of

Names of Men. Date of Enrolment. Where rcliding. Trade. Age. Size. 'Observations.

Principals. Substitutes. [ Volunteers.

C.I2l.

49° GEORGII III.

A.D'. 1809

46 G. a. c. J.I5. §3* That (biking1 a Docket shall be Notice o\ a prior Act of Bankruptcy, repealed.

Executions anil Attachments apunft lillatrs of Bankrupt* levied more than Tw o Months before C'oraniifiion shall he valid, not-wi hlhmdin" a prior Act Bankruptcy.

5 (1. 2. c. ao.

J2.

If the Creditors do nor dr red Imw and to whom the

Money a riling

from the IVtuk-rupt's Kline shall be paid

in, the Commissioners shallrive Directions, lor pay ini: the same to ftnne Perl on, not being a Comra'f-iioner, Nc.

Ashittecs dif-oV» ine fut b Dire^iiout shall he chared 2u jn-r < 'ent. on all Muncy other wise retaitictl or employed.

Commissioners shall not declare a Dividend till a tru»' Ntairment ja Wriu3 b*

Cap. cxxr.

An Act to alter and amend the Laws relating to Bankrupts.

[20th June 1809.]

4 by an Act of Parliament pass-d in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of H; 3 present Majesty* intituled, An Act to amend the Laws relating to Bankrupts^ it is amongst other Things provided, That the (hiking of a Docket for the Purpose of ifimng a Corrm ffion, whether any Commission shall have ' actually issued thereupon or rot, shall be deemed Notice of a prior Act of Bnnkrup'cy, for the Purrofes of the said Act. if it should appear that an Art of Bankruptcy had been r.duaiiy committed at the Time of

strikint? such Docket: And whereas the afor. ft id Provision in the fair! Art hath not hern attend d with the

good Efteds which were expected therefrom; Be it enacted by the KEg's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temooia, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act, so far as the fame 13 he: cin-before reeded, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases of C3mn.dT1.ns of Bankrupt hereafter to be issued. all Executions and Attachments against the Lands aid Tenement*, or Goods ardChatt-lsof the Bankrupt, bond side executed or levied more than Two Calendar Months before the Date and issuing of such Commission, fhrdl be valid and tffedual, notwithstanding any prior Ad of Bankruptcy commuted by such Bankrupt, in like Manner as if no such prior Act of Bankruptcy had been committed, provided the Pe son, at whose Suit such Execution cr Attachment shall Imve iiloed. had not at the Time of executing or levyu g the fame any Notice of any prior Ad of Bankruptcy by such Bankrupt committed, or that he was inlbivent or had flopped Payment; Provided always that the dfuin/ of a Commiftijn of Rjnkrup: , although such Commission (Kill afterwards be iuperfederd. (had be deemed such Notice if it should appear that aa Add of Baukrup'cy had been actually committed at the Time of ifTuin? such Comnrffion.

III. 4 And Whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the Fifth Y^ar of the R-.ign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts, it is amongik other Things enacted, That before the Creditor* of any Bankrupt shall proceed to the Choice of Assignees of the Bankrupt's Estates, the major Part in Value of the said Bankrupt's Cre ators thm present shall, if they think fr, din d in what Manner, how and with whom, ard where the Monies arising by and to be

received from Timt to Timeout of the Bankrupt's Eibte shall be pEd in and remain, until the same shall be divided amongst all the Creditors as by that Ad is directed; to which Rule and Di edion every such Assignee and Assignees afterwards to be choftn are to conform, as often as One hundred Pounds shall be got in and < received from such Bankrupt's Ellate, and are thereby indemnified for what they do in pursuance of such Direction of the said Creditors as aforesaid: And whereas the Creditors of Bankrupts do not in ail Cases avail themselves of the said Power given them by the said recited Act: Ard whereas the aforesaid Direction of the said Act h^s been in many Instances disobeyed by the Assignee? of the Estates of Bankrupts, who have, notwithstanding such Direction, kept in their Hands, or employed for their own Benefit, large Sums of Money, Part of the Bankrupt's ElUtes Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, if in any Cale the major Part of the Creditor? of any Bankrupt shall not before they (ha 1 proceed to the Choice of Assignees of the Bankrupt's Ellate, dirtd in what Manner, how and with whom, and where the Monies arising from the Bankrupt's Estate shall be paid in and remain, in pursuance of the Power given to them by the said recited Act, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners or the nvjor Part of them, and they are hereby required immediately after the Commissioners shall have proceeded to the Choice of Assignees, and a: the fame Meeting, to direct in what Manner, how and with whom, and where the Monies arising by and to be received from Time to Time out of the Bankrupt's Ellate, shall be paid in and remain until the f mc shall be divided amongst the Creditors aa by the said recited Act is directed; to which Rule and Direction the Assignee or Assignees of the Bankrupt's Etkate shall conform, as often as One hundred Pounds shall be got in and received from such Bankrupt's Estate, and fhMl be and are hereby indemnified I or what they shall do in pursuance of such Direction of the said Commissioners as afcrTaid: Provided that it shall not be lawful for the Comnrrflioners to direct such Monies to be paid into the Hands of the said Commissioners or any of them, or of the Solicitor to the Commissioners, or into any Banking House or other House of Trade or Bnlluefs in which the Commissioners or any of them, or the Solicitor to the Cornrr.iflion* are ori-j interethxl or concerned as a Partner or Partners, or otherwise.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the paling of this Act, in all Cales in which any Assignee or Assignees of any Bankrupt's Estate (I13II wilfully retain in hi* or their Hand?, or otherwise employ for his or their ow n Benefit, any Sum or Sums of Money, Part of the E'.lates of such Bankrupts, contrary to the aforesaid Direction of the said recited Act passed in the Fifth year of the Reign of King George the See nd, or of the aforesaid Direction in this Act contained, he or they shall be charged m his or their Accounts with the Estates of such Bankrupts, with such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be eq-ial to the Amount oflnterell computed at the Rate of Twenty Pounds per Centum per Annum on all such Sums of Monty so retained or employed by him or them, for the Time or Times during which he or they Hull have so retained or employed the fame, contrary to the said Direction of the said Act* or either of them; ?.nd the C nrmifTioners of Bankrupts are hereby required to charge such Assignet or Assignees in their Account* with such Sum or Sums of Money accordingly.

V. An!, for the Purpose of ascertaining in what Manner the Money which shall from Time to Time come to the Hands of such Assignee or Assignees has been employed, the Commissioners shall in no Case declare# Dividend upon Adm (lion only of a certain Sum in the Hands of the Assignte*, but (hah require such Alligncc or Assignees to deliver upon Ouih a true Statement m Writing of all the Sums of Money received

by

49° GEORGII III.

C. 121.

943

made upon Oath by the Assignew, & c.

U Assignens become Bankrupt having loot, of their Bankrupt's EtUte, their future EfTe shall be liabta to the Bayuiuit-

Comm'Eionrrr may direct the Money paid in on Bankrupt'*

by such Assignee or Assigneer, and when received by him or them respectively, and on what Accounts and how employed, and shall examine such Statement and compare the Receipts with the Payments, and ascertain what Balances have been from Time to Time in the Hands of such Assignee or Aflirnees respectively, and shall esquire for what Reason any Sum appearing to be in the Hands of such Assignee or Assignees ought to be retained, and thereupon shall declare a Dividend on the remaining S'm, specifying in their Order the Sum so allowed to be retained, and the Grounds on which they may conceive it proper that the fame should be retained and not divided amongst the Creditors.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the First Day of January One thousand tight hundred and ter, in case any Commission of Bankrupt shall issue against any Person who is or shall be an Alliance of the Ellate and Eth&s of any Bankrupt, and who shall, at the Time of such Commission issuing against him, be indebted to the Ed ate of the Bankrupt of whose Ellate and Eflt&s he was an AfTi rnee, to the Amount of One hundred Pounds or upwards, in respect of Monty come to his Hands as such Assignee, and wilfully retained or employed by him for his own Benetir, the Certificate of Conformity which may be: obtained by such Assignee so becoming Bankrupt as aforesaid, shall only have the Efleft of freeing the Person of such Bankrupt fr un Arrtll and Imprisonment, but the future Estate and Effects of every such Person Hull remain liable for so much of hvs Debt to the Ellate of the Bankrupt of whose Ellate and EtTedls he was an Assignee, as shall not be puid by Dividends under the said Commission, together with lawful Inter?! for the whole Debt, in like Manner as if he h^d not obtained his Certificate; the Tools of Trade, the necessary Houfthold Goods and Furniture, and necessary Wearing Apparel cf such Bankrupt and his Wife and Children, only excepted.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, upon the Application of the Assignee8, or of any Five or more of the Creditors who have proved their Debts under the Commission, on Notice given to the Assignees of such intended Application, when and as often as it shall appear to the said Commissioners expedient and beneficial to the Ellate and EfL&s of any Bankrupt, that the Money so paid j/^ate tobe into any Person or Persons as aforesaid, for the Purpose of being divided amongst the Creditors, or any Money hi veiled in retained to answer any Claim which may have been duly entered upon the Proceedings under the said Bankruptcy, Exchequer Bill*, or any Dividends ordered to be retained by the Assignees, should be laid out at Interest, to order and direct

that the whole or any Part of such Money shall be inverted in the Purchase of Exchequer BilU for the Benefit of such Creditors and Claimant?, and to direct where and with whom such Exchequer B lls shall be kept for safe Custody, and to cause such Exchequer Bills to be sold when it shall appear to them necessary and proper, and to direct the Proceeds thereof to be again la d out in the Purchase of Exchequer Biil3, or to be applied for the Benefit of the Creditors and Claimant?, according to their several Interests, as to the said Commissioners shall seem meet, subject nevertheless to the Authority and Controul of the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases of Commissions of j^iret, rs for Bankrupt already issued, under which no Dividend has yet been made, or under which the Creditors, who an

have not proved, can receive a Dividend equally in proportion t their respective Debts without ditturbing Debts after the any Dividend already made, and in all Cases of Commissions of Bankrupts hereafter to te issued, where at the Time of issuing the Commission any P.rfon shall be Surety for or be liable for any Drbt of the Bankrupt, it shall be lawful for such Surety or Person liable, if ht shall have paid the Debt, or any Part thereof in Discharge of the whole Debt, although he may have paid the fame after the Commission shall have issued, and the Creditor shall have proved his Debt under the Commission, to Hand in the Place of the Cred for as to the Dividerds upon such Proof, and when thr Creditor shall not have proved under the Com-nvflnn, it shall be lawful for such Surety, or Person liable to prove his Demand in respect of such Payment as a Debt under the Comm'fnn, not dirturbing the former Dividends, and to receive a Dividend or Dividends proportionably with the other Creditors taking the Bmefit of such Commission, notwithstanding such Person may have become Surety or liable for the D.-bt of the Bankrupt alter an Act of Bankruptcy had been committed by such Bankrupt, provided that such Person had not at the Tune when he became such Surety, or when he so became liable for the Debt of such Bankrupt, Notice of any Act of Bakruptcy by such Bankrupt committed, or that he was it iolvent, or had flopped Payment; provided always, that the issuing a Commission of Bankrupt, although such Commission shall aftrrwards be fuptrfcdtd, (Itall be deemed such Notice; and every Person against whem any such Commission of Bankrupt has been or shall be awarded, and who has obtained or fh?U obtain his Certificate, ftia'l be discharged of all Demands at the Suit of every such Person having so paid, or being hereby enabled to prove as atorefa; d, or to (land in the Place of such Creditor as aforesaid, with regard to his Debt in resptdl of such Surctyship or Liability, in like Manner to all Intents and Purposes as if such Pefon had been a Creditor before the Bankruptcy of the Bankrupt for the whole of the Debt in respect of which he was Surety or was so liable as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons who have given Credit, or shall at any Time hereafter give Credit to any Person or Persons who is or are or shall become Bankrupts, upon good and valuable Consideration bona Juie for any Monty whatsoever, which is or shall Time of the not be due or payable at or before the Time of such Person's becoming Bankrupt shall be admitted Bankrupt.y may to prove such their Debts in like Manner as if the fame were payable presently or not at a future Day, and shall be entitled to and shall have and receive proportional Dividends of such Bankrupt's Ellate equally with Kebate of the other Creditors of such Bankrupt, deducing only thereout a Rebate of Interest for what they shall so Imereti at s receive at the Rate of five Pound, per Centum per Annum under Commissions which have issued or shall issue per Gnt in in England, and at the Rate of Six Pounds per Centum per Annum under Commissions which have issued or shall LigUnd and issue in Ireland, to be computed from the actual Payment thereof to the Time such Debt! would become payable, according to the Terms upon which the feme were contracted.

Commission {hal£ be permitted to prove under the CwmnniTion and stand m die Plat e of a Creditor, proved &c-

Debti not payable at thr

6 per C*n\ La

Ireland*

944

I)» AAi<*n» l»v

the Commission ami Proceedings Avail he fuflicicjrt Kv'ulriue of iViiiioning Creditor's Debt, &. c. unless Notice ^ivtn that thos« Matters are to be difjmteJ.

f*> in Suits In Equity by Atfignecs as a^aiuli all other Parties io the

Suit.

No Action shall be brought agai/tft AlTgnce for Dividends; but on Petition to Chancellor, AtEgece shall he

com pc Med to pay with Iniercft and Colls.

Bankrupts in CitAody in Execution Hull he brought he for e the Coin-p/iiiioners to he ex^oiacd.

Creditor bringing Action agVmll Bankrupt tlull not be admitted to prove under tl»r Connuidiottf

AC,

Act flwill not et-teeid to Scotland.

Agents having eflVftrd Policies of fnfuratice uith Ba krupt, may prove, iu AI il'enee of

Paries in-tfrrftctl.

C. i2l. 49° GEORGII III. A.D. 1809.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, in any Action now brought or hereafter to be brought by or against any Assignee of any Bankrupt, the Commission of Bankrupt, and the Proceedings of the Commissioners under the fame, shall be Evidence to be received of the petitioning Creditor's Debt, and of the Trading and Bankruptcy of such Bankrupt, unless the other Party in such Action shall, if Defendant) at or before the Time of his pleading to such Action, and if Plaintiff, before issue joined in such Action, give Notice in Writing to such Assignee that be intends to dispute such Matters or any of them; and where such Notice shall have been given, if such Assignee shall at the Trial prove the Matter so disputed, or the other Party shall at the Trial admit the fame, the Judge before whom the Cause shall be tried shall, if he shall see fit, grant a Certificate that such Proof or Admission was made Upon such Trial, and such Assignee shall be entitled to the Colts, to be taxed by the proper Ofn: cr, occasioned by such Notice; and such Colls shall in case the Assignee shall obtain z Verdictbe added to hi* Coltr, and if the other Party shall obtain a Verdict shall be set off or deducted from the Costs which such other Party would otherwise be entitled to receive from such Assignee.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, in all Suits in Equity now instituted or hereafter to be instituted by or against any Assignee of any Bankrupt, the Commission of Bankrupt, and the Proceedings of the Commissioners under the fame, shall be Evidence to be received of the petitioning Creditor's Debt, and of the Trading and Bankruptcy of such Bankrupt, at against all the other Parties in such Suit, unless such Parties some or one of them shall, within Ten Days after Rejoinder in the Cause, give Notice in Writing to the Assignee that they or he intend to dispute the said trading, petitioning Creditor's Debt, or Act of Bankruptcy, or some or one of such Matters, and where such Notice shall have been given, if the Assignee shall prove the Matter so disputed to the Satisfaction of the Court, the Colli occasioned by such Notice, to be taxed by the proper Officer, shall, if the Court fee fit, be patd by the Party or Parties giving such Notice to the Assignee, and the Service of such Notice may be proved by Affidavit upon the hearing of the Cause.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act,

no Action shall be brought by any Creditor or Creditors who have proved or shall prove any Debt under any Commission of Bankrupt, against the Affijnce or Affi rnees of the I'M ate of such Bankrupt, for the Amount of any Dividend declared by the Commissioners under such Commission; but in all Cases in which the Assignee or Assignees of any Bankrupt shall rtfule or omit to pay any Dividend declared under any Comm (lion of Bankrupt, it shall be lawful for the Creditor or Creditors entitled to the fame, to petition the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal, for Payment thereof; and it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal, on hearing such Petition, not only to order the Payment of such Dividrnd, but also in all Cases in which it shall appear to him or them that the Justice of the Case shall requ: rc it, to order Payment of Interest for the Time that such Dividend shall have been withheld, and of the Colts of the Application. j

XIII.*And whereas great Inconveniences have arisen from the Necessity which now exifh of the Attendance

of Commissioners of Bankrupt in Prison to take the Examinations of Bankrupts charged in Execution Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Bankrupt being in Custody at the Time of his or her lad Examination, although charged in Execution shall be brought before the Commissioners to be

examined by them, in the same Manner as is now practised with respect to Bankrupts in Custody oh Mesne Procefa, and the Gaoler or Keeper of the Prison in which such Bankrupt is or shall be confined, shall be fully indemnified by the Warrant of the Commissioners for bringing up such Bankrupt for such Purpose.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the pafing of this Act,

it shall not be lawful for any Creditor, who has or shall have brought any Action, or inllituted any Suit against any Bankrupt, in respect of any Demand which arose prior to the Bankruptcy of such Bankrupt, or which might have been proved as a Debt under the Commission of Bankrupt issued against such Bankrupt, to prove a Debt under such Commission for any Purpose whatever, or to have the Claim of a Debt entered upon the Proceedings under such Commission, without relinquishing such Action or Suit, and all Benefit from the same; and that the proving or so claiming a Debt under a Commission of Bankrupt by any

Creditor, shall be deemed an Eicftion by such Creditor, to take the Benefit of such Commission with respect to the Debt so proved or claimed by him: Provided always, that such Creditor shall not be

liable to the Payment to the Bankrupt or his Assignees, of the Costs of such Action or Suit which shall be so relirqnshed by him: And provided also, that where any such Creditor shall have brought any Action or Suit agnintl such Bankrupt jointly with any other Person or Persons, his relinquishing such Action or Suit again)! such Bankrupt or Bankrupts shall not in any Manner afftft such Action or Suit again! such other Person or Persons.

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That this Act shall not extend to that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland which is called Scotland.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons who have effected or shall effect any Policy or Policies of Insurance upon Ships, Goods, Wares, Merchandize or other EfLfts, with any Person, as a Subscriber or Underwriter, who is or are or shall become bankrupt, shall be admitted to prove any Lofa to which Inch Bankrupt is or shall be liable in lefpeft of his Subscription to such Policy or Policies, notwithstanding the Person or Persons effecting such Policy or Policies it not or are not the Person or Persons beneficially interested in such Ships, Goods, Wares, Merchandize or other Effects, provided the Person really interested is not in that Part of the United Kingdom in which the Commission of Bankrupt (half have lflucd in the Proceedings under which such Loss is to be proved,

1 XVII. And

49° GEORGII III.

C.t2r, 122. 945

XVII. And be it further enacted, by- the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be competent to any Annuity Annuity Creditor of any Person against whom a Commission of Bankrupt shall ifiuc after the passing of this Act, whether Crrdito, s the same shall be secured by Bond or Covenant, or Bond and Covenant, or by whatever Assurance or AfTu-ranees the same shall be secured, and whether there shall or shall not be or have been any Arrears of such of die

Annuity at or before the Time of the Bankruptcy, to prove under such Commission as a Creditor for Annuity, tie Value of such Annuity, which Value the Commissioners shall have Power and are hereby required to ascertain, and the Certificate of every Bankrupt under whose Commission such Proof shall be or might have been made, shall be a Discharge of such Bankrupt against all Demands whatever in respect cf such Annuity, and the Arrears and future Payments thereof in the same Manner as such Certificate would discharge rht Bankrupt with resptft to any other Debt proved or which might have been proved under the Commission.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases of Commissions of Bankrupt heretofore issued, and in which the Bankrupts have not obtained their Certificates, and in all Cases in which Commissions of Bankrupt shall hereafter be sued forth, the Signature and Consent of Three Parts in Five in Number and Vaiue of the Creditors of the Bankrupt or Bankrupts, who shall be Creditors for not less than Twenty Pounds respectmly, and who shall have duly proved their Debts under the Commission, or some other Person by them duly authorised thereunto, to the Allowance and Certificate and Discharge of the Bankrupt or Bankrupts, shall be, to all Intents and Purposes, as available for the Benefit of tho Bankrupt or Bankrupts as before the passing of this Act the Signature and Cor.sent of Four Parts in Five in Number and Value of such Persons would have been available; and such Signature and Consent of Three Parts in Five in Number and Value of such Persons, shall be sufficient to authorize all Acts to be done by the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, and Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal, and the Commissioners in such Commissions of Bankrupt, and ail others, for tire Benefit of the Bankrupt or Bankrupt?, which under any prior Act or Acts of Parliament would lave been authorized by the Signature and Consent of Four Parts in Five in Number and Value cf such Person 8.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases, in which a Commission of Bankrupt shall be sued forth against any Person after the passing of this Act, and such Person shall be entiled to any Lease or Agreement for a Lease, and the Assignees shall accept the fame and the Benefit therefrom, as Part of the Bankrupt's Estate and EflV&s, the Baokrupt shall not be, or be deemed to be, liable to pay the Rent accruing due after such Acceptance of the same as aforesaid, and after such Acceptance the Bankrupt shall not be liable to be in any Manner sued in respect or by reason of any subsequent Non-obLrvance or Non-performance of the Conditions, Covenants, or Agreements therein contained: Provided, that in all such Cases as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Leflor or Person agreeing to make such Lease, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, if the Assignees shall decline, upon their being required so to do, to determine whether they will or will not so accept such Lease or Agreement for a Lease, to apply by Petition to the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lo^ds Commissioners of the Great Seal, praying that they may either so acct pt the fame, or deliver up the Lease or Agreement for the Lease, and the Possession of the Premises drm'ftd or intended to be demised, who shall thereupon make such Order as in all the Circumstances of the Case shall feera meet and j ilt, and which shall be binding on all Parties.

TL* Signature

nn«l ( oufeutof Three Parts finite! of Four Km5 in Five-in Numlxrr and Value of the ( rctlirors of the Bankrupt to die Allowance of lus Certificate and lV.<VhaT; e

ilia 11 he futii-

cient.

Bankrupts fitted to Leases, or Ajxrermenu for Leases, deliverhn tip fttftie to Affiances flul! siot rrmaiit liable for Rent, &c. 1-cflbr may apply to Chitted! or.

CAP. CXXII.

Act for preventing Frauds and Depredations committed on Merchants, Ship Owners, and Underwriters, by Boatmen and others; and nlfo for remedying certain Delefts relative to tile Adjustment of Salvage in England, under an Act made in the Twelfth Year of Queen slnnr.

[20th June 1 R09.3

WHEREAS great Depredations have for many Years p?.ft hern committed by Boatmen, Pilot?,

Hovcllers, and others, on Ships in D stress and otherwise, ard Anchors. Cablts, and ot»ur Property of ' Ships and VefiVls on the Coafis and in the Harbours, Btys, and R/vers of England and H'rJrs. ami the Town

and Harbour of Bsr'zuiel'-uf'on Twetd, are oftentimes carried away or deftrovrd by such B otn.cn, Pilots,

Hovcllers, and others, or when found are not restored to the Owners thereof, and great Extortions are ' committed and exorbitant Demands made upon the Mailers and Owners of such Ships for hiving and preserving the fame, to the great Loss and Injury of the Ship Owners Merchants, Underwriter's, and others

concerned in Shipping: ' May it therefore phaie Your Majesty that it may be and hr it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, Tr.ut from and after the First: Day of August One thousand eight hundred and nine, ail Pno'?, Boatman, Hovciler?, orotner Persons who shall take 110 any Anchors, Cables, or any Goods or Merchandize which may have been passed with, cut from or left by any Ship or Vessel within any Harbours, Rivers, or Bays, or on any of the Coasta of this Kingdom, whether the fame Ship or VrflVI shall be or shall have been in Distress or otherwise, and which shall have been weighed, swept for, or taken Possession of or by any such Boatman, Pilot, Hovclltr, or other Person, shall fend a Report in Writing of the Articles so found, and stating the Marks (if any) thereon, and also an accurate arid particular Description of the Bearings, Distancee, and Situations, and Time whetrand where the fame were so found, to a Deputy Vice-Admiral or his Agent at or near to the Port or Place where such Boatman, Pilot, Hoveller, or other Person shall first arrive with such Articles, within Forty-eight Hours after his or their Arrival at such Port or Place, or before he or they shall leave the Po*t, if he or they (hell quit it before that Time shall expire; and fhtU also within such Period as aforesaid deliver such

49 Geo. III. 6 F Article

Pilots|iri i'thrr$ taking

jjoftviikm ol Anchors, Cable* and oilier Ships Materia -» (Fall font! .1 Ke 1*011 thereof w* a Depuiv Vh'C Admiral, arid (! ]>, i(ii the lame in Places to l*t appointed; or iW.I be 000fide 1 ed a? Receivers of ftolwiGeSJdi.

Prpmv Vi(-o Ash'iir.ii ftiikll Vend Rrpurl to Trinit) Huul'c,

*. soon as 'he Artif!« s iitnouiit to2ul. Value.

Pepufy-Vice Admiral may {cue

not reported and deposited and shall have One Third of the Value, See §6.)

Value may lie

slot rtaim d as on Sdva^e.

'See §8, &r.)

If Dt ntv Vice

Admiral iVuc on

lufornn r shall thare in the Due Third. hSVc §4, '52.&c.) Articles not rl.timed within a Year shall be sold under , sfat. 12 Anne, r, 18.

Deputy Vire Admiral f ijing, Mini Informer shall he equally tith*d to ^alvng*-.

Two Justices «*mj>owt're<l to d* c»rnrine I>iff. rrn* r'spe^ling Salvage of such Articles.

Such .fufttce* may nominate a third Person as I n pitc.

Two Ju fliers

may determine vp >n Remtmc-laikm for f cr;

C. if*. 49° GEORGII III. A.D. 1809.

Articles so found into l proper Warehouse, or such other place as the Vice Admiral of each County (halt appoint forfafe Custody, until the same shall be claimed by the Owner or Owners thereof, or his, her, or their Agent or Agents, and the Salvage, together with such other Charges and Expence* as are herein after directed to be paid in respect of such Articles paid by him or them, or Security given for the Payment thereof, to the Satisfaction of the Salvor or Salvors thereof; and every such Pilot, Boatman, Hoveller, or other Person who shall wilfully and fraudulently keep Poss (lion of or retain, or conceal or feertte any Anchors or Cabels so found, weighed, swept for or taken pcff flton of ?s aforesaid, and shall rot report and deliver the fame at some proper Warehouse or other Place in the Manner aforesaid, and within the Time herein-before limited, shall on Conviction be adjudg-d and deemed guilty of receiving Goods knowing thtmtohave been llolen, and shall suffer the like Punishrm ut as if the fame had been (loleti on Shore.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Deputy V; ce Admiral, or his Agent, to whom any such Report shall be sent. shall within Two Days forward the fame, or a true Copy thereof, to the Secretary of the Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Slrondn London, and the lame shall be placed by him in fom$ Corfpicuous Situation, for the Inspection of all Persona choosing to infp-ft and examine the same.

III. Provided always, That no Report fhrs.ll be forwarded by such Deputy Vice Admiral or his Agent to the said Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strottd until the Articles so to be deposited as aforesaid for and in rrfp ft of which a Report is required to be made as here n before is directed, shall amount io Value to the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Deputy Vice Admiral, or his Agent, to faze and detain any such Articles as shall not have been reported in the Manner herein-before directed, and upon such Seizure such Deputy Vice Admiral, or his Agent, shall deposit the fame in the Wareh use or other Place to be appointed as aforesaid, and shall within Two Days thereafter feud a Report in Writing of the Articles so seized, and dating the Marks (if any) thereon, to the said Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford S/rond as before directed, to be made publick as aforesaid; and every such Deputy Vice Admiral, or h*s Agent, so feizm?, who shall not make such Report as aforesaid, within Two Days after Sriz; : rc as aforesaid, shall, on Conviction before any Just ice of the Peace or Magistrate, upon the Oath of One credible Wtnefe, or on the Cmfcfllon of the Party offend ng, forfeit and par the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every such Neglect, together with Double the Value of the Goods so fe; z d; One Half of which Penalty shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Half to the Poor of the Parish or Township where such Offence shall be committed; and every Deputy Vice Admiral, or his Aeent, who shall make any such Seizure, without any previous Information being given to such Deputy Vice Admiral or his Agent, shall, on the fame Articles being claimed by and delivered t<-» the O wher thereof, or his or her Agent, be entitled to receive such Sum of M >ney as shall be equal to One Third Part of the Value thereof.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the 0*ner and Deputy Vice Admiral or Agent so seizing cannot agree on the Value of the Articles, such Value dull be ascertained in like Manner as is herein* after dirtfted with regard to Salvage.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any such Seizure shall have been made in consequence of any Information given to any such Deputy Vice Admiral or his Agent, the Deputy Vice Admiral or his Agent so seizing, shall only be entitled to receive from the O.vneror their Agents of the Articles One Sixth Part of the Value thereof, and One other Sixth Part of such Value shall be paid to the Person who shall have given the Information, the Value of such Articles to be ascertained io Manner aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Articles so reported and delivered into the Warehouse or other Place as aforesaid, shall not he claimed within a Year and a Day after such Report shall have beet transmitted to the said Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond, as before mentioned, the same shall be sold, and a Certificate of such Sale shall be delivered to the Purchaser thereof under the Directions of the High Court of Admiralty, and the Monies arising from the S*le thereof be applied in the Manner directed in and by an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for preserving all such Ships and Goods thereof which shall happen to be found on Shore or Jlranded on the Coasts of this Kingdom, or any other of Her Majesty's Dominions, and if the same shall have been seized by the Deputy Vice Admiral or his Agent as aforesaid, then the Deputy Vice Admiral or Agent so seizing and the Person who shall have given such Information as shall have led to the Seizure (if any such Information shall have been given) shall be tq ially entitled to the Salvage which shall be allowed by the High Court of Admiralty to the Salvor* in the Calc of unclaimed Property.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if the Salvor* of any such Articles, or aDy G^ods so found, weighed, swept for, or taken Possession of as aforesaid, and so lodged and reported as aforesaid, and the Owoer or Owners thereof, or his, h<r, or their Agent or Agents, cannot agree respecting the Amount of Salvage to be paid for or in respect of the fame, or the Value thereof, as the Case may be, then the Matter in Differeace shall be determined by any Two Justices of the Peace residing near to the Place where such Articles or Goods shall be deposited; and such Justices shall begin to proceed in their Enquiry as to such Matters in Dispute, within Forty-eight Hours after such Difference shall be referred to them for their Determination thereof; and if they cannot agree respecting the fame, then it shall be lawful for them to nominate any Third Person conversant in Maritime Affairs, at their Option, who shall ascertain the Amount of the Salvage to be paid, or the Va'uc thereof, as the Case may be, within Forty-eight Hours after he shall have been so nominated as aforesaid, and the said Justices and such Third Person so nominated as aforesaid, shall have full Power and Authority, whenever they fee Occasion, to examine the Parties or their Witnesses upon Oath, which Oath they are hereby authorized to administer.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall also be hwful for the said Justicea to decide in the like Manner, and within the same Time as is herein-before directed, with regard to Salvage on all Claims and Demands

a what«

I

49° GEORGII III.

C. 122.

947

&c.

Decision of Justices or thoiT Umpire shall be find; Uriel* on Appeal to Admiralty. Persons difTatis-fied may apjieal to the Hi^'h Court of Admiralty, but the Goods shall be reflorad to the Owners on giving B*fl.

whatsoever which shall or may after the First Pay of August One thousand eight hundred and nine, be made vie« to Ship# by Pilots, Boatmen, and other Persons, for Services of any Description (except Pilotage) to be rendered by inDiftxef*. than to any Ship or Vessel, as well for carrying off from the Shore to such Ship or Vessel any Anchors, Cables, icxcePilotage) or other Stores, from any Port or Ports of the Coast of England and Wales and Berwick upon Tweed, or for the faring and preserving any Goods or Merchandize which may have been wrecked, (trended, or caff away from any Ship or Vessel, or for being instrumental in saving the Life or Lives of aoy Person or Persons on board the said Shipjor Vessel, the Master, Owner, or Owners of such Ship or Vessel, or his, her, or their Agent or Agents being present with such Juffiees 5 and that the said Justice or such other Person so appointed as foresaid, shall have full Power and Authority to hear and determine on all Cases whatever of Services rendered by Pilots, Boatmen, and others to Ships or Vessels (except Pilotage) whether such Ships or Vessels (halt at the Time be in Distress or not, and that they shall have the like Power of examining the Parties or their Witnesses upon Oath as lass herein-before directed; and the Decision of such Justices, or of the Person so to be by them appointed as aforesaid, shall be final and conclusive on all Parties, save and except in such Cases in which an Appeal shall be interposed by cither Party to the High Court of Admiralty, such Appeal to be kiterposed within Thirty Days after the Award of the Juffiees or such Person so appointed as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons so claiming to be entitled to Salvage, or the Party or Parties who is or are to pay the same, or their Agents, shall be dissatisfied with such Award and Decision of the Juffiees, or of the Person so to be nominated by them as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for either of them respectively, within Forty-eight Hours after such Award is made, but not afterwards, to declare to the Juffiees, or such other Person to be nominated by them as aforesaid, his, her, or their Desire of obtaining the Judgment of the High Court of Admiralty respecting the said Salvage, and thereupon the Person or Persons so claiming to be entitled to Salvage shall be compelled to proceed within Thirty Days from the Date of such Award, by taking out a Monition against the adverse Party; but in such Case the said Ju It ices are hereby required and empowered to deliver to the Owners and Proprietors or their Agents, any such Anchor or Cable, Goods, or other Articles respecting which any Claim for Salvage shall be made upon the Owners or Proprietors thereof, his, her, or their Aeent, given good and Efficient Bail in Double the Amount of the Value of the Articles in respect of which such Salvage shall be claimed, and which Bail shall be taken by a Commissioner for taking Examinations in Prize Cauffs, if there shall be one in the Port or Place where such Difference shall rife, but if there shall be no such Commissioner there, then the said Jullicts to whom such Difference shall have been referred, or either of them, or any other of His Majesty's Juffiees of the Peace, are and is hereby authorized to take the fame; and the Commissioner or Justice who shall take such Bail shall certify the fame according to the Form contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed, and trensmit the fame without Delay to the High Court of Admiralty, together with a true Certificate in Writing of the orofs V alue of the Whole of the Articles resptcting which Salvage shall be claimed, and also a Copy of such Proceedings and Awards on uhftamped P*per, certified under the Hand of such Commissioner or Justice taking the Bail as aforesaid, and the same shall be admitted by such Court of Admiralty as Evidence in the C«*u(r.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Persons so ro be named by the said Juffiees as aforesaid, who shall decide on the Amount of Salvage to be paid, or on the Valu- of the Articles, or on the Remuneration to be made to Persons rendering Afliffance to Ships or Vessels, or Persons as aforesaid, to demand and receive of and ?rom the Owner or Owners of the Articles saved, or of the Ships or Vessels in Behalf of which the Services may have been rendered, or his, her, or their Agents or Agent, a Sum of Money not exceeding Two Pounds Two Shillings each, and such Owner or Owners, or his, her, or their A/cnt or Agents, shall and is and are hereby required to pay to the Persons so to be by the said Juffiees nominated as aforesaid, such Fee or Reward immediately after he (hill have made his Award or Decitior, and on Delivery of the (anje.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and nine, wilfully cut away, caff adrift, remove, alter, deface, fink, or destroy, or shall door commit any Act with Intent and Design to cut away, caff adrift, remove, alter, deface,

(ink, or destroy, or in any other Way injure or conceal any Buoy, Buoy Rope, or Mark, belonging to auy Ship or Vessel or which may he attached to any Anchor or Cable belonging to any Ship or Vessel whatever, whethtrin Distress or otherwise, such Person or Persons so offen iing shall, on being convicted of such Offence, be deemed and adjudged to be guilty o* Felony, and shall be liable to be transported for any Term not exceeding Seven Years, or in Mitigation of such Punishment to be imprisoned for any Number of Years at the Discretion of the Court in which the Convidfion shall be made.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall knowingly and wilfully, and with Inte&t to defraud and injure the true Owner or Owners thereof, or any Person inttreffed therein as aforesaid, purchase or receive any Anchors, Cables, or Goods, or Merchandize, which may have been taken up. weighed, swept for, or taken Possession of, whether the same shall have belonged to any Ship or Vessll in Distress or other* wile, or whether the same shall have been preserved from any Wreck, if the Directions herein before contained with regard to such Articles shall not have been previously complied with, such Person or Persons shall on Convidfion thereof be deemed guilty of receiving ftoleu Goods, knowing the same to be ffoltn, as if the iame had been ffolen on Shore, and iufftr the like Pnni(hment as for a Misdemeaner at the Common Law, or be liable to be transported for Seven Years, at the Discretion of the Court, before which he, she, or they shall be rried.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Master, Mate, or Crew of any Ship or Vessel bound to Parts beyond the Seas, shall find and take on board of such Ship or Vessel, any Anchor, Cable, or any Goods or Merchandize, or shall receive any Anchor, Cable, or any Goods or Merchandize on board of such Ship or Vessel, from any other Person or Persons who may have found the fame, knowing the same to have been so

See Schedule

(A.)

Umpire named by Justices shall be paid by die Paiues.

Penalty on cult in; invay nr defacing Buoys, Buoy I top* s, &< Sillier Felonv. c.

Penalty purr h.if mi; Au.-horv .v*.

; < fhis Act, Miidiy-

liiciinor, &c.

(Fj

Master* of Ships bound lo Pati*beyond the finding or taking on koani

found, 'Aneb'ji*

94«

tW Aniclrs, thall report the feme to the Trinity-House, And on their Arrival in England shall deposit them.

Penalty 20t>\ to 50l. Hail to Informer and Hall to Merchants Searrm's Society under0G.2. c. 38.

Fees to he paid for Reports.

Penalty on felling or dispo-fu\£ of Anchors or A'ahles in (o-Tti^n Countries, Sii.gk Felony.

Dealers in Marine Scores shalt have tlteir s painted on tluir Store-houses.

Penalty 20h Snell Dealers shall t.ot cut up CuM s without ft IVrtnh fr an a Nitrate, to h» crati'cd on AUauvit, v^c.

Penalty loh

Do tiers

keep it I Account r>! i*!t: Store* bought by him.

C. 122;

49« GEORGII III.

A.D. 1809.

found, the Matter, Mate, or other Person having the Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall make a true Entry in the Log Book of such Ship of the Description of the Articles so found or taken on board as aforesaid, Rating the Marks (if any) thereon, and the Bearings and Distances, and other minute Description, and the Time when and where the fame were found and taken on board; and also shall at the first possible Opportunity transmit a Report in Writing containing a true Copy of such Entry in the Log Book of the Lid Ship or Vessel, to the said Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strand, and on the Return of such Vessel to any Port in England or Wales, or Berwick-upon-Tweed, he mall deliver the fame Articles into the Possessnn of a Deputy Vice Admiral, or his Agent in or nearest to such Port, with the like Report as is herein-before directed; an] such Deputy Vice Admiral, or Agent, is hereby required to transmit such Report to the said Corpo'arion of the Trinity House at Deptford Slrond, to be placed by the said Corporation for Inspection in like Manner as aforesaid; and if the same shall not be claimed by the Owner or Owners thereof, or his, her, or their Agent, within a Year and a Day after such Report shall be transmitted, the same shall be sold and disposed of according to Law with regard to unclaimed Property; and in default thereof, or if the Matter of such Ship or Vessel shall sell or dispose of such Anchor, Cable, Good?, or Merchandize to any Person or Persons whomsoever, or shall not noon his first Return to any Port within England and Wales or Berwick-ubon-Twe(dt report and deliver the fame according to the Provisiona of this Act, he lhait for ev?ry such OiTence, on being thereof lawfully convicted before any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate on the Oath of One credible Witness, or on the Confession of the Party offending, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Two hundred Pounds, nor leO th*n Fifty Pounds, One Half of which Penalty shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Half to the Prrfident and Governors for the Relief and Support of such maimed and disabled Seamen, and of the Widows and Children of such as shall be killed, Hain, or drowned in the Merchants Service, under an Act of P*rliatrtf"t made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the Relief and Support of maimed and disabled Seamen, and (he Widows and Children of such as shall he kiiled. flair: , or drowned, in the Merchants Service, and shall also forfeit and pay Double the Value of such Articles, to the Owners or Owner thereof.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Deputy Vice Admiral or his Agent, who shall make the Report required by this Act to the said Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Stroud* aforesaid, to receive of and from the Owner or Owners of the Articles in respect of which the Report (h 11 be made, or if rbe fsme are not claimed, then out of the Produce of the Sale thereof, the Sum of Ore Phund One Shilling for each Report; and that it shall also be lawful for the Secretary or other proper Officer of the said Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond, to receive in like Manner as last mentioned, the Stun of One Pound One Shilling for each Report so to be received by the said Corporation, and to be made publick by them as aforesaid, which last-mentioned Sum shall be paid to the said Deputy Vice-Admiral or his Acrent, before the Delivery of the Goods and accounted for by him to the Trinity House.

XVI. 'And whereas Pilots, Hoveilers, Bjatmtn, and other Persona in small Vessels have for many Years ' conveyed Anchors and Cables which may have been weighed, swept for, or taken poiltffion of by them, as 1 aforesaid, or which tiny may have purchased of other Persons, knowing them to have been weighed, swept ' for, or taken poss.ffion of without being reported as aforesaid, to Foreign Countries, and there fold and disposed of to ri e msnifell Injury and Loss of the Owners thereof; for remedying whereof/ Be it further enacted, That every P lot, HovclFr, Boatman, or the Matter of any such Vessel, who shall convey after the said First Day of August One thousand right hundred and nine, any such Anchor or Cable to any Foreign Port, Harbour, Creek, or B^v, a' d there sell and dispose of the fame, shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall be tra fpored for any Term not exceeding Seven Years.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who (h*U trade or deal in buying and selling Anchors,

Cables, Sails, or old Junk, old Iron, or Marine Stores of any Kind or Description, {had have their Names with the Words " Dealer in Marin? Stores, " painted distinctly in Letters of not lrfs than S; x Inches in Length uoon the Front of all their Storehouses, Warehouses, and other Deposits (or such Goods; and in default of their so doinj. they shall, on Conviction before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or M-gittrate or Magi-ftmtes of r.ny Jurisiiftton where such Storehouse, Warehouse, and Depot shall be, upon the Oith of One credible Witrufa, or on Confession of tlut Party offending, forfeit and pay a S-m not exceeding Twenty Pounds, norltfs than Ten P Minis, One Half of which Penalty shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Half to the Poor of the Parish nr Township where such Offence shall be committed; and that it shall not be lawful for such Dealers or Traders to cut up any C ible, orny Part of a Cable, exceeding Five Fathoms in Length, oruncant, untwine, or the fame into Junk or Paper-ltufT, on any Pretence whatsoever, without firit obtaining a

Permit from some Justice of the Peace or Magistrate residing near to the Rdidence of such Dealer, which Permit shall no* be granted unless an Affidavit shall have been made that the Cable so irtended to be cut up had been bond side purchased, and without Fraud, by the Party so intending to cut up the fame, and without any KnowleJgt or S lfpicion on h»s or her Part that the fame had been or were dilhonelPy come by; and in which Affidavit shall also be specifird the particular Quality and Description of such Cab!*, and the Name or Names of the S.ller or Sellers thereof, which Affidavit shall be recited and set forth at length in the Permit thereupon granted, on pain of forfeiting for the First Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds nor lef* than Ten Pounds, and for every Second or further Offence any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds nor ItP than Twenty Pound*, to be recovered before any Justice of the Peace, and One Half thereof to go to the Informer, and the other Half to the Poor of the Panlh in which such OfTence shall have bren committed.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That for the more etLftual Prevention of such Frauds, all Dealers 13 such Marine Stores as aforesaid shall k-rp a Book or Books fairly written, in which Entries shall be from I'irae so Time regularly made of all such old Marine Stores as shall be by them from Time to Time bought, contain1 ng a true Account and Description of the Times when the same were so respectively bought by them, and

A.D. 1809.

49° GEORGII III.

C. 122.

949

of the Namc6 and Placet erf Abode of the respective Seller* thereof: And before any Person who shall obtain shall advertise

such Permit for the cutting up of any such Cable (as herein-before required to be obtained) shall proceed to cut before cutting

up the fame by virtue thereof, there shall be published by the Space ot One Week at lead before the cutting up UP of Cordage

the fame, One or more Advertiseroent or Advertisements in some publick Newspaper, printed nearest to the

Storehouse, Warehouse, or Depot where the Articles shall be deposited, notifying that such Party had obtained

such Permit for the Purpose of catting up such Cable, and of such Kind and Quality as therein described, and

plfo specifying the Place where such Articles shall be deposited; whereupon k shall be lawful for all and ever^r Inspection of

Person or Persons who may have just Cause to fufp?6fc that such Articles are the Property of such Person or such Accounts

Persons, and shall have verified upon Oath the Fa& of such his, her, or their Suspicion before any Justice of "

the Peace or Magistrate residing near to the said Storehouse, Warehouse, or Depot, by Warrant for that Pur- p^ies in?

pose thereupon granted, to require of and from such Dealer who shall have so advertised, and shall be so sworn terested.

to be fufptdled as aforesaid, the Production and Examination of the Book or Books of Entries hereby required

by him or her to be kept, and inspect and examine the Cables described in such Permit; - and in case any such Penalties on

Dealer, when so thereunto required as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to produce to the Person named in Deal© a for

such Warrant as the Person on whose Oath the same shall have been obtained, the Book or Books containing

the Entries of such Dealer so required to be made therein as aforesaid, or shall neglect to keep any such Book or Books in which Entries containing Accounts of the several Particulars hereinbefore required to be entered

shall be made, or to permit such Inspection or Examination as aforesaid, or shall after obtaining such Permit fop

the cutting up of any such Cable, and before the cutting up of the fame, neglect to publish such One or more

Advertisement or Advertisements relative thereto as is herein-before directed and required, the Dealer or Dealers so offending in all or any of the Particulars herein before mentioned shall forfeit and pay for every such

Offence, being his, her, or their First Offence, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor less than Ten*

Pounds, and for every Second or further Offence any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds nor less than Twenty Pounds, One Half of which Penalty shall on Con vision before any Just ice of the Peace or Magistrate redding near as aforesaid, be paid to the Informer, and the other Half to the Poor of the Parish or Township in which such Offences shall be commtted; and in case any of the Penalties by this Act impoftd shall not be paid, with the Charges incident to the Conv'dion, immediately upon such Conviction, the same shall and may be-levied by Warrant und-r the Hand and Seal of such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, upon the Goods and Chattel cf any such Offender or Offenders; and in case no sufficient Distress shall be found, then every such Offender or Offenders shall and may be committed by any such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate as aforesaid, to Gaol, in case of any First Offence for the Space of Six Calendar Months, and in case of any Second or further Offence for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months, unless the said Penalty and the Charges shall be former paid.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the First; Day of August One thousand eight hundred and nine, all Manufactureers of Anchors and Kedge Anchors shall place his, her, or their Name or Namer, together with a pr\gre(Iive Number, and also the Weight of the Anchor, in legible Characters upon the Crown, and also upon the Shank under the Stock of each Anchor which he, she, or they dial I mnnufacture, and shall allo place his, her, or tf*eir Name or Names, together with a Number, and also the Weight of the Kedge Anchor upon the Crown, and also upon the Shank near to the Stock of every Krdge Anchor which hr, Ihe, or they shall manufacture, and in case any such Manufacturer shall neglect to place such Name,

Number, or Weight in the Manner herJn-before directed and required, every such Person or Persons so offending shall, on Conviction before any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, on the O^th of One credible Witness, or on the Confi-ftion of the P-.rty so offending, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, n r !efs than Forty Shillings One Half of which Penalty shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Ha.f to the Poor of the Parish or Township in which such Offence shall be committed.

XX. 4 And, f: >r the moreeafy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, ' Be it furthererfa(fled, Form of Ccm-That all and every Justice and Justices of the Peace before whom any Person shall be convicted, of any vision.

Offence against this Act, Hull and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up according to the so.lowing Form;

1videlicet;

it remembered, That on the Day of in the Year of our Lord A.B.

is convicted be'orc me [or, u*J One [ort Two, as the Case may he] of His M fly's Justices of the Peace fort^c: [here fyncify the Offence, and the Time and Place when and where committed,

4 as ihe Case may be'] contrary to an At\ pilfed in the Forty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the

Third, intituled, [hen injirt the Title of this AJj, Given under my Hand and Seal [ort our Hands and Scab}

the D.y an i Year first above written/

And no Certiorari or other Writ or Procefa for the Removal of any such Conviction, or any Procet'dUgB thereon, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at WestmiuJltr, ftiaii be allowed or granted.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons so cunvifted by any Justice or Justices of the Peace before mentioned of any Offence or Offences again! this Act, within Three Calendar Months next after such Conviction, to appeal to the Justices of the Peace assembled at the General Quarter Stfliona holden for the County, City or Place where the Matter of Appeal shall arise* first giving Teu Days Notice of such Appeal to the Person or Persons appealed against, aed of the Matter thereof, and entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for such County, City, or Place* with Two fufikient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and for abiding the Determination of the Court therein; and such Justice* at the General Quarter Session* shall, upon di*e Proof of such Notice having teen given, and Recognizance entered into, hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal, and .may'cither confirm! or quash and annul the said Coaviction, and award such CoAmo either Party as to them shall seem

just

Manufahhircrr shall put Mar& 011 Anchors and Kedge Anchor*

Appnl to General Qutrier

Scftioiij,

C.I22.

Inhabitant* W itiJcllr*.

Ofl ners may be tried where Annies fi uml, or it fot<l in iorei^n ihnrt*, where O (fender* reJide.

This A A shall lu>l affc& ftai. ah ti.a. c. iao.

TVor shall afftA ft. 4S G. 3.

104.

Rrfi*rra(irin of the Rights of tlu> Hi^h Court i Admiralty.

Rrfm-ation of the Rights <>!' ihe Crown, Htt<( of Lcrtb of Manor*

RHVrvmtion of the Rights of the Trinity House of Deptford btrund.

And of the Rights of the Trinity House of King Rom, Newcastle, and Scarborough.

And of the Right* of the City of London.

Act shall not «*tend to S<'Ot-W<ad or Ireland.

49° GEORGII III. A.D. 1809

jud and reasonable, And the Decision of the said Jo dices therein, shall "be final, bindings and conclusive; and no Proceeding to be had or taken in pursuance of this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form only, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Procefa whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's C >urti of Record at Westminster or elsewhere, any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Inhabitants of any Parish, Township, or Place, shall be deemed and taken to be competent WitnessVs for the Purpose of proving the Commissnn of any Offence against this Act, within the Limits of such Parish, Township, or Place, notwithstanding the Penalty incurred by such OfPnce, or any Part thereof, is or may be given or applicable to the Poor of such Parish, township, or Place, or otherwise for the Benefit or Use, or in aid or io exoneration of such Parish, Township, cr Place.

XXIII. And be it further ena£hd, That all Felonies, Mffdemeanor?, and other Offences under this Act, shall and may be laid to be committed, and shall be tried in any City or County (being a County) where auy such Ar'icle, Matter, or Thing in relation to which such Offence shall have been committed, fhiil have been found in the PolLffion of the Person committing the Offence, or if the same shall have been fotd in foreiga Parts, then in the Country or Place in which the Person felling the same shall reside.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to or be in force within the Limits specified and directed in an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for preventing the various Frauds and Depredations committed on Merchants, Ship Owners- and Underwriters, by Boatmen and others, within the jurisdiction of the Cinque Ports, and also for remedying certain Defects relative to the Adjustment of Salvage, under a Statute made in the Twelfth Tear of the Re'r^n of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, or in any Manner to afFd any of the Provisions of the said Act, but the said recited Act ilutli remain in full Force within the Limits therein speci6ed, as if this Act had not been passed.

XXV. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be conllrued to extend to rcpral, take away, or alter any of the Clauses, Powers, or Provisions contained in an Act of Parliament made in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present M<-jetiy, intituled, An Act for the letter Regulation of Filets and of the Pilotage of Ships and Vrjfels navigating the British Seas, but that thr said Act shall remain in full Force as if this Act had not been passed.

XXVI. Provided also, snd it is hereby further declared, That this Act or any Thing herein contained shall not extend or be construed to extend to the taking away, abridging, prejudicing, or impeaching in any Manner whatever the Jurisdiction of the High Court of Admiralty of England, or the Jurisdiction of the Admiralty Court of the Cinque Ports, Tw'ancient Towns and their Members, or of the Admiralty Court of ti e Borough of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, of of the Admiralty Court of the Borough of Dunwich, in the County of Suffolk, or of the Admiralty Court of the Borough of Southampton, in the County of Hants, or of the Admiralty Court of the Boroughr of Southwold, in the County of Suffolk, or of the Admiralty Court of the Borough of Lyon Regis, in the County of Norfolk, but that it shall and may be lawful for the said Courts reflectively, and the j : dgt or Judges thereof for the Time being, to have, use, exercise, and enjoy Jurisdicl'on over all such Muter*, Rights, and Offences as they have heretofore had, ufrd, exercised and enjoyed, as iully and effectually to all I items a .d Pj«p nes whatever, as if this Act had not been mad-; any Tmug htren contained to the contra: y thereof ir. any wise notwithstanding.

XXVII. Provided silo, and it is hereby eiucitd, That neither this Act, nor any Thing herein contained, shall any ways extend, or be cowlbu-d ro extend, to deprive, or in any ways prcjud'ce the Rights of His Majesty, his He rs or Successors, or any claiming under thtm, or a* y of them, or any Patentee or Grantee of the Crown, or any Lord or Lords, or Lady or Ladi a of any Manor or Manors whatsoever, but that such resp. dive Rights shall be enjoyed in as full, a rple, and beneficial a Manner, in every R fptd, as if this Act bad never been made.

XXVill. Provided also, and it is hereby further cc?d. d and declared, That this Act, or Jity Thing herein contained, shall not extend, or be continue to extend to the taking away, abridging, hindering, prrj idicing, or impeaching of any Grant, Liberties. Fiam.hiffs, and Privileges heretofore granted to and vested in the Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Stroud, but that the said Corporation (had hold and enjoy the fame, as fully and tff dually, to all Intents and PurpMes, as they might have dont in case this Act had never been m^de; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise not'* it h [landing.

XXIX. Provided also, and it is hereby fuitlitr emitted and decLr. d, That this Act, or any Thin, r herein contained, shall not extend, or be conllrued to extend to the takng away, abridging, hindering, prejudicing, cr impeaching of any Grant, Liberties, Franehifcs. and Privileges heretofore giauied to and verted in the Corporation of the Trinity House of Kingston-upon-Hull: or in the Mailers, Warde: 6, and Brethren of the Trimly Houses of Nctwcajllc-upon-eTynr ard Sear lot ough rtfpdively, but that the said Corporation, and the said Mailers, Wardens, and Brethren, (hill hold and enjoy the fame, as fully ai d dfettuahy, to all Intents and Pu poffs, as thty mipht have done io case this Act had never been made; any Thing herein contained 10 the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXX. Provided also, and it is hereby further ena6ltd and declared, by the Authority aforesaid, That notiing in this Act shall extend or be conllrued to extend to pr jud ice or take away any Right, Property, Authority, or Jurisdiction of the M<-yor of the City of London, or or the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, to, in, and upon the Rivers of Thames and Medway.

XXXI. Provided also, and be it hereby further enacted, That nothing in this A Ft contained ffnll extend or

be conllrued to extend to those Parte of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Scotland and Ireland.

XXXII.

95*

A.D. 18c>9* 49° GEORGII III. C. 122.

XXXII, 1 And Whereas it is expedient that the like Means of conclusively adjusting and recovering the

Quantum of the Monies or Gratuities to be paid to the Lid several Persons acting or being employed in the 1 Salvage of any Ship or Vessel, or the Materials or Stores belonging thereto, or'Goods or Persons on board

thereof, should subsist, and be by Law applicable in Cases where the Salvors shall have a£Ld under and by the

Employment and Authority of any Magistrate or of the Commander or other ftiperior Officers, Mariners., or Owners of any Ship or Vessel in DiitrtL, as are now by Law provided for adjusting the Quantum of such

Monies or Gratuities which shall have become due in Cases where Application shall have been tirft made to the 1 Officers of the Cnftomi, or other the Officer or Officers in that Brh*lf named and appointed in and by a 1 certain made in the 'Twelfth Ytar of the Reign of Queen /lime, intituled, yIn Act for prefrving all such

Ships and Goods thereof, witch shall happen to be forced ajbore or Jlranded upon the Goafs of this Kingdom, or any other of Her Majesty's Dominions; and where such Aflrtance shall thereupon have been rendered, in pursuance

1 of the Provision of that Statute-/ Be it chrref .re eru&td, That from and after the First of AuguJ} One Regutatioiwof thousand eight hundred and nine, al and every the Means which in virtue of the said last mentioned Act 12An.lt. 2. subsist, and rmy now be by Law applied for the conclusively adjnfti'g, and fur the recovering of the Quantum and of the Monies or Gratuities to be paid to the several Persons ?&>ng or being employed in the Salvage of any Ship recovering or Vessel, or the Materials or Stores belonging thereto, or Goods, in Gales where Application shall have been Quantum of first made pursuan* to the Lid Att to Officers of the Custom, or other the Officer or Officers in that Behalf Salvage, nc-mentioned, and Assistance shall have bten hereupon rendered and had in pursuance of the Privisions of the tended to said Act, shall be by Law applicable and available in like Manner to all Intents and Purposes in Cases where the Salvors shall hav* d under and by the Employment and Authority of any Magistrate, or of the Commander ^ted under

or other superior Officers, Mariners, or Owners of any Ship or Vessel in Ddtrefs, although no such Application Authority of a shall have been made to nor any Authority or Affitance derived from any Officers of the Cu^oms, or other the Magi ft rat ©or th^ Offi.er or Officers in the said Statute in that Behalf mentioned 5 and thereupon upon Payment or Tender and , ^-C*

Rcftifal of the Quantum of the Monies or Gratuities to be pid to the several Persons who shall have acted or*

been employed in such Salvage, or in cair such Payment or Tender cannot be made, on SJcurity being given for the true Payment thereof, to the Satisfaction of the Just, ces who shall haveadjuftrd such Quantum or Gratuities#

It shall not be lawful for any Officer of the Customs, or other Person or Persons having the PoflVfHon or Custody of such Ship, Vessel, Materials, Stores, or Goods, any longer to retain the PoflVflkm or Custody of the fame# or any Part thereof, by Reason or Pretence of any Claim or Right to a Compensation or Gratuity ol such Salvage as aforesaid, or for having acted or been employed therein.

[Publick Act.]

$ 33.

XXXIV. And be it further endl d, That this Act shall continue in force for Seven Year from the Continuaace«f passing hereof, the A&.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

QN the Day of in the Year of our Lord

before me at in the County of

[Ship's Name.] A.B. [Here insert tlx Names of the Salvers stgainjl and name the Stores and ether Articles % (id eft) Anchors ami Cables, &V. as the Case may beJ certain Goods and Merchandizes lately found and takes poffiffion of and belonging to the said Ship, whereof was Matter, and also

against the said Matter and the Owners for if the Owners alone appear by

themselves or Agents, then leave out the Master's Name] of the said Goods and Merchandize in a Cause of Salvage. [Mdjler't Name, j On which Day appealed personally of

and of who produced themselves as Sureties for the said the Matter and for the Owners of the said Goods and Merchandize#

and, submitting themselves to the Jurisdiction of the High Court of Admiralty of England\ bound themselves^ their Heirs, Executors# and Administrators for the said Matter and Owners of the said Goods and Merchandize# in the Sum of of lawful Money of Great Britain, unto the said '

to answer such Salvage and Expences, or the Value of the Goods as the Case may be, as shall be herein after decreed by the said Court, according to the Tenor of the Act in that Case made and provided; and unless they shall do so, tluy hereby consent that Execution shall issue forth against them, their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, Goods and Chattels, wherever the same shall be found# to the Value of the Sum abov# mentioned.

This Bail was duly taken, acknowledged, and received at the Time"! and Place above written, before me the undersigned Commissioner, f and I do believe and consider the Persons above mentioned sufficient f Security for the said Sum of J

A.D. 1 809

952 C. 123, 490 GEORGII III.

43 G. 3. c. 72.

!\r!?iflraTs of Vice Admiralty < duns shall evrry Quarter tranirmt to Hf <: i!lrar of Admiralty and Treasurer of Greenwich Hof|>iu), Lift

of all Prices adjudged.

[.See 46 G. 3. c. 72. §48.]

Urgiftrars of Admiralty and Vice Admiralty Courts shall every < Quarter tvanfmtt <o Greet much Hofyital, Copies ot Entries of Letters of Attorney, &c. as dire^hjd by-45 G. 3. c. 72.

£ 56. 58, 59.

And also Copies ot Letters of Attorney so fegiliered.

Further Pro-

vi {ton* respecting the making out and Delivery of Prize Lilts, and for Relief oi Permits improperly omitted.

( 4d'..J.

c. 72. § 00, 6l.J

CAP. CXXIII.

An Act: to explain and amend an Act made in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more eflFeftually manning His Majesty's Navy during the present War* and for the further Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually providing for the Interest of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, and the Royal Hospital for Soldiers at Ckelfea\ and to extend the Provisions of the said Act to Cases arising in consequence of Hostilities commenced since the passing of the said Act.

[20th June 1809.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti? tiled, ' An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more ejfrftually manning His May (fly's Navy

during theprefnt War* certain Provisions are made; for the Conduct of the Officers in Vice Admiralty Cotir;

respecting Prizes tint shall have been adjudged in the said Courts, which Provisions have not he^n found

ett.ftual for the good Purposes intended thereby / Be it therefore enacted by the King* mn!l Exrellmt Majesty. by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, That the Registrar: of every Vice Admiralty Court shall, on the Twenty* sixth Day of March, the Twenty-fifth Day of Jurtf, the Thirtieth Day of September, and the Tw-ntv-sixth Day of December in every Year, or so soon after each of such Quarter Days respectively as any Shin shall fail for England, transmit to the Registrarof the High Court of Admiralty, and the Treasurer of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, a Lilt of all the Pnz*that shall have been adjudged m their Courts respectively during the preceding Quarter of a Year, together with the N'.rnes of the capturing Ships and their Commanded, and the A?tnts of the Captors, with a Copy of the decretal Part of the Sentences upon the fame; and at the same Time deliver or cuufe to be delivered Duplicates of the same to the Deputies of the said Treasurer resident at the several Plsc.-s where such Courts of Vice Admira'ty are or shall be eitabllhed, or to which their Jurfdiction shall extend, which Lids so to be transmitted to the Registrar of the High Court of Admiralty shall be hung up for publick Infprftion in the Re^iitry of the High Court of Admiralty in Doctors Commons, in the same Manner as is by the said recited Act required with respect to the Lifts therein directed to be transmitted Half-yearly.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Re*>iilrar or Registrars of the High Court of Admiralty, and of every Court of Vice Admiralty in His Majesty's Dominions, shall, on the Twentydixth Day of March, the Twenty-fifth Dav of June, the Thirtieth Day of September, and the Twenty-sixth Day of December in every Year, or within Fourteen Days after each of such Quarter Days respectively, so far as relates to the Hi^h Court of Admiralty, and with respect to Courts of Vice Admiralty, as soon after each such Quarterly Days as any Ship or Vessel shall fail for Great Britain, deliver to the Treasurer of the Lid Hospital, or to hi? lawful Deputy for the Time being, a true Copy or Transcript under his or their Hand or Hands, of the fevcrsl Entries of the Letters of Attorney and other Particulars by the Lid noted Act directed to be entered o- registered in the Books of such Registrars, in the Manner therein mentioned; and if any such Regiilrar or Regillrars shall neghft or refuse to transmit or deliver such Copies or Transcripts within the respectjvt Times by this Act lim ted for that Purpost, he or they shall (or every such O(Fence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pound*: Provided always, that if any Agent or A«ents fiiah be appointed after the Time any Sentence of Condemnation ia any of the said Courts of Admiralty shall be given, such Agent or Agents shall, under the aforesaid Penalty, register or cause to be registered in Mmner aforesaid, his or their rtlpeftive Letteis or Letter of Attoir.ey appointing him or them. Agent or Agents as aforesaid, within the Space of Twenty Days after the Date of the said Letter or Letters of Attorney.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Registrar and Regillrar&of the Lid Courts of Vice Admiralty shall, ob the Twenty-sixth Day of Marchs the Twenty-fifth Day of June, the Thirtieth Day of September and the Twenty-sixth Day of December, in every Year, traufcr.be, and as soon after each of such Quarter Days respectively as any Sliip shall fail for Great Britain, transmit to the Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital at Greenwich, Copies of all Letters of Attorney which shall have been registered in Manner directed by the said Act in the Three Months preceding, authenticated under the Seal of the Judge in Manner in the Lid Act expressed, and so* the Purples t<t the same Act mentioned, and shall at the same Time deliver or caufr to be delivered fimiJar Copies fco the Deputies of the said Treasurer resident at the several Places where such Courts of Vice Admiralty arc or shall be established, or at any Place within the Jurisd.ftiou of such Courts respectively, the Charges of which Copies and affixing the Seal or Seals thereto, and transmitting and delivering the same to the Treasurer of the said Hospital and his Deputies, (ht*!'. be p, ud by the said Agent or Agents at the Time of making such Regillry as aforesaid; and in case such Registrar or Registrars shall negh ft or refuse to transenbe and transmit, or deliver such Copy or Copies of such Letter or Letters of Attorney, in Manner and within the Times by this Act dirtfted and limited, he or they shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

IV. 1 And Whereas it is necessary that further Provisions ffvnild be made respecting the making out and delivering of Prize Lifts, and for Relief of Persona whose Names may be impioptrly omitted therein / Ik it therefore enacted, Tr.at when any Prize shall be taken by any of His Majesty's Ships or Ytflcis of War, or lured armed Vetttls, the Captain or Commander of the capturing Ship, or foine Person or Persons under his Authority, shall forthwith make out and deliver or send to the Agent or Agents appointed to fell and di tribute such Prize, or ar.y Bounty Money payable in respect thereof, such a correct and particular Lift of the Pc rib ns entitled to share therein as is in and by the Lid recited Act mentioned and described, which Prize Lift shall be fu bun bed by every such Captain or Commander, and by the Lieutenant, and if more than one, then by the First Lieutenant,

953

A.D. 1809. 49° GEORGII III. C. 123.

tenant, and also by the Matter and Purser or Person or Persons acting as such, of every capturing Ship or Vefiet to which the fame relates, after the same shall have been carefully compared with the Mutter Books of every such Ship or Vessel 5 and the Agent or Agents making Distribution conformably to any Prize Lift so subscribed, shall have the fame Protection that is given to him or them by the Provisions at the said Act in making Distribution conformably to a Prize Lift certified as therein is directed: Provided always, that any Error in any such Lift may be corrected by a Comparison with the Mnfter Book or Books from which the fame was taken at any Time prior to aftud Distribution: Provided also, that in all Cases wherein any Petty Officer,

Seaman, Non-commislbned Officer of Marines, or Marine, actually entitled to share in any Capture, shall, aftrr Distribution has been made, be proved by a Companion with the Mufttr Book.3 or Returns in the Navy Office or otherwise, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the Navy or any Three of them to have been actually so entitled, but omitted in the Distribution Lift by Accident or Default, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners or any Three of them to certify such Omission to the Board of Dirr&ors of the said Royal Hospital at Greenwich, who shall thereupon cause the Amount of the Share to which such Petty Officer, Seaman, N«m-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, if inserted in the Distnbut'on Lift, would have been entitled to be paid out of the non-claimed or run Men's Shares of the fame Prize, or out oT the General Fund of unclaimed and forfeited Shares of Prize Money in the Hands of the said Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital; and the said Treasurer or his Deputy shall thereupon be entitled to mamtaiu and prosecute in the Nan- of such Petty Officer, Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, at the Charge and to the Use of the said Hospital, any Action or Suit against the Agent or Agents for the Recovery of the Amount of the Money so paid, that the said Petty Officer, Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, might himself have maintained if he had not received a Satisfaction for the fame from the said Hospital; but ii such Agent or Agents shall be made liable to any such Demands in consequence of an Omission or Mistake in any Prize Lift certified to him or them as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for him or them to flop and retaia the Amount of the Share for which he shall be so liable out of any Prize or Bounty Money in his or their Hands, payable to the Captain or Commander by whom such Prize Lift was signed and certified as aforesaid, or his Executors or Administrators, or to have a Remedy over by Action against him, them or any of them, for any Charge or Damage thereby sustained.

V. 4 And Whereas it is by the said Act further enadLd, That every Agent resident in the United Kingdom

shall within Six Weeks after any Condemnation in the High Court of Admiralty, transmit a Notice of such Condemnation to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital or ins Deputy, together with an Account of the State Agents shall

of the Property condemned at the Time of such Transmission; Be it further entfted, That every such transmit Notice

Agent shall within Six Weeks after any Condemnation in the High Court of Admiralty, transmit a fimlar of^oni>mnrar: °a Notice of such Condemnation to the Treasurer or Paymaster of His Majesty's Navy, together with a similar OTPa'maflwof Account of the State of the Property condemned at the Time of such Transmission, on pain of forfeiting for the Navy, every Neglect the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, unless a reasonable Cause shall be shewn to and approved by [&e 45 G. 3. the Court of Admiralty. <* 72. $ 66.]

VI.*And Whereas it is necessary to make further Provisions resptft; ng Notices to be given of the Payment of Prize Money in consequence of Condemnations in Courte of Vice Admiralty, and also of Bounty Money

granted by the said recited Act, in respect of the Number of Men on board the Enemy's Ships taken, sunk,

burnt, or otherwise destroyed, as in the said Act is mentioned; Be it therefore further enacted, That all and Further Pro-every Person or Persons appointed or to be appointed for the Receipt and Distribution of any Bounty Money by rifions respecting the said Act granted, shall transmit or deliver written Notifications of an individual Share of such Bounty Money

to the Persons herein after mentioned; and that in all Cases in which any Agent or Agents, Person or Persons jvioney anrl^appointed or to be appointed for the Payment or Distribution of any such Prize Money or Bounty Money who Head Money, are required by the said Act to deliver to any Officer of the Customs Three Gazettes, Newspapers, or written 43 G. a. Notifications, to be transmitted to England, such Agent or Agents, Person or Persons shall, infttad thereof, c. 72. §73.] deliver Six such Gazettes, Newspapers, or written Notifications of Distribution, in like Manner subscribed by him or them, together with Six such Notifications of the Amount of an individual Share of both Prize and Bounty Money, or either (as the Case may be) in each Clafa; and the Officer receiving the same shall subscribe his Name to each of the said Six Gazettes, Newspapers, or written Notifications of Distribution, as by the said Act is directed, and shall forthwith deliver one of the said Gazettes, Newspapers, or written Notifications of Distribution, together with one of the said Notifications, of the Amount of an individual Share of both Prize and Bounty Money, or either (as the Case may be) in each Class, to the Deputy to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, resident at the Place where such Court of Vice Admiralty is or shall be established, or to which its Jurisdiction shall extend, and by the first Ship which shall fail for any Port in Great Britain, shall tnmsmit another of the said Gazettes, Newspapers, or Notifications of Distribution, together with one of the said Notifications, of the Amount of an individual Share to the Treasurer of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich or his Deputy there, and another to the Treasurer or Paymaster of the Navy in London, and shall by the Second Ship or Vessel which shall fail from the Port or Place where the said Gazettes, Newspapers, or written Notifications shall be so delivered, for any Port of Great Britain, transmit in like Manner to each of tbt above-mentioned Officers one other of the said Gazettes, Newspapers, or other Notifications, of the Amount of an individual Share of both Prize and Bounty Money, or either (as the Case may be), in each Clafa, marked by him as Duplicates of the former, and shall carefully preserve and keep In his Custody the Sixth of the said Gazettes, Newspapers, or written Notifications of Oiftnbution, together with the Sixth of the said Notification* of the Amount of an individual Share of both Prize acd Bounty Money, or either (as the Case may be) in each Class; and at all Ports and Places where Vice Admiralty Courts, with jurisdiction in Prize Causes, are or shall be constituted, at which there shall be no Costeftor, Comptroller, or Searcher, or other Officer of the Customs, the said Gazettes, Newspapers. or other Notifications of Distribimon, together with the said Notifications of 49 Geo. III. 6 G the

WI if re Distrl-bution oi' IVi/es is not marie in the Time required by 450.3. c. 72. [§70, 71, 72.] such Failure fliull be statal to Treat'urrr of lire Navy, &c.

Notice to be primed on Orders lor receiving Prize Money.

In Cases where nny C l iim oi i'li/e Money 11: a!I l>r made, VithaUr quilition {St't S< h<'uu!c A.) that Uicit Claim may he Satisfied, or a Ih a fen ailigm d, and the Keafon aliened be that such Claim Iiab'«cn fatUfievi, the Agent ilia!I

fjeeify the

Name, \c. ol tin; Person uho letured it.

At the Fml of Four Months after Day nor died for iJiltnbution, Ac^ntu iVaill juy over Ha ance to f.r/* t.wich Hospital, &c. [AVe Id G.

C. 7vi. §60.j

Agents shall tree(mit am fled Copies < f Account of Ntlc, srd V out h.ers, to f irt enwich JioipsuiL

C. 123. 49° GEORGII III. A.D. 1809.

the Amount of an individual Share of both Prize and Bounty Mftney, or cither (ai the Case may he) in each Class, shall be delivered to and transmitted and kept respectively in hke Manner by the Registrar or Deputy Registrar of such Vice Admiralty Court; and at all other Placet where Prize or Bounty Money shall be dill ributed or payable where there shall be no Court of Vice Admiralty, the said Gazettes, Newspapcu, or written Notifications of Distribution, together with the said Notifications of the Amount of an individual Share of both Prize and Bounty Money, or either (as the Case may be) in each Class, shall be 'delivered to the principal Civil Officer of the said Place or his Deputy, for the Purpose of being transmitted and kept as a fort*said; and all and every Person and Persons, Agent and Agents, appointed or to be appointed for the Payment or Distribution of any Prize Money or Bounty Money, who shall neglect cr rtfufe to deliver the said several Gazettes, Newspapera, or written Notifications of Distribution, together with the said several Noth beat ion 3 of the Amount of an individual Share of both Prize and Bounty Money, or either (as the Case may br) in each Class, as herein-before directed to be transmitted, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the cS im of One hundred Pounds; and every Collector, Comptroller, Searcher, or principal Officer of His Majesty Customs, or his or their Deputy or Deputies, Registrar or Deputy Registrar of such Vice Admiralty Court, or other Person as aforesaid, who shall neglect or refuse to receive, or to attest, or who shall not transmit, fend, or keep any such Gazette, Newspaper, or written Notification of Distribution, or any such Notification of the Amount of an individual Share in each Class, in Manner herein-before directed, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

VII.*And Whereas it is expedient that the Provisions made In the before recited Act passed in the Forty-

fifth Year of His present Majesty, for insuring a speedy Distribution of the Share of Captors of Prize* taken by His Majesty's Ships should be more tffedually enforced Be it therefore enacted, That in all Cries where the Prizes shall have been fold, and the Time of Appeals shall have elapled, or if an Appeal shall have been lodged, the same shall have been abandoned, and the Distribution shall not have been made within the Timesed in the Manner required by the said recited Act; the Officer for Prizes in the Office of Treasurer of the Navy, shall state such Failure to the Treasurer of the Navy, who (hill thereupon apply to the High Court of A Infinity, fora Monition or such other Process of the Court as may be expedient under the Cifcumltancts of the Case, for compelling a speedy and tfftdual Distribution of the Proceed*.

VIII. And be it further en?ded. That upon every Order for receiving the Prize Money of a Petty Officer, Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, the following Words shall be printed or written, before the fame shall be attested; {videlicet), Take Notice, that no Prize Money can be received under this Order, except by an Agent duly licensed, in conformity to tie Act of Parliament of the Forty-ninth Year of Kng George the Third, or by the Wife* one of the Parents, or Children of the Grantor; and that every

Offence against the said Provision of the above recited Act, is punrihable as a Misdemeanor.'

IX. And be it further enact d, That in all Cases in which any Claim of Prize or Bounty Money shall be made upon any Prize Agent cr Prize Agents, accompanied with a Requifitiow in Writing from the Clerk of the Cheque of the said Royal Hospital or the Officer for Prizes in the Navy Pay Office, in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (A.) requiring that such Claim may be either satisfied, or a Reason assigned for its Dilallowance, such Prize Agent or Prize Agents shall either pay the same, or state in Writing under his or their Hand or Hands the Reason of his or their refusing to do so, and deliver the same to the Party claiming the fame, and presenting such Requisition; and if the Reason assigned be that such Claim has been already satisfied, the said Agent or Agents shall fpreify the Name and Place of Abode of the Person or Perfoot by whom the Amount thereof was received, and under what Authority, from the Claimant or Claimants, and at what Time or Times the fame was paid; and if any such Agent or Agents refusing Payment of any such Prifce or Bounty Money, ibril omit at the Time of such Claim being made, accompanied by such Requifuioo as afWefaiJ, or within Two Days afterwards to give and subscribe such Information as to the Cause of not fatiriyivg such Claim, he or they shall forfeit and pay to Inch Claimant or Claimants Double the Amount of the Su n lo claimed, to be recovered by him, h«-r, or them, with full Costs of Suit in an Action of Debt, wherein it shall be sufficient for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to declare against the Defendant or Defendants for so much Money had and received by him or them to and for the Use of such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs; and that Proof of such Claim, and of the Service of such Requifiuon as is hereio-before mentioned, upon such Agent or Agents, shall be and be deemed suffi Jem Evidence in Support of any such Action y any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

X. 4 And Whereas it is expedient that further Provisions should be made for a more certain Transnvffioo to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, of Accounts of the Produce of Prizes, and of the Distributions to the Captor3, and for more tffedually enforcing the Payment ol ail Balances in the Hands of Agents to the said Treasurer; Be it theicfore eiuded, That every Agent fora Prize or Prizes, and Person authorized to receive any Bounty Bnl or Bills, shall and he and they is and are hereby required, at the End of Four Months next after the Day on which Distribution shall have been notified pursuant to the D»redionsin the said Act contained, to pay over all Shares arid Balances which shall then remain in his or their Hands unpaid and undistributed, to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, or such Person or Persons rs he ffiril appoint or depute to receive the same, and render and verify his and their Accounts in the Manner by the said Act directed, under the like Penalties for Negkd of Duty as are by the said Act imposed for neglecting to make*, rtnder, and verify such Payment* and Accounts witnm Four Months next after the Bill Distribution of such Prize and Bounty Monies.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every Prize Agent, (had at the same Time that he exhibitsor transmit* an attested Copy of the detailed Accounts of the Sale of any Prize or Prizes, together with attested Copies of all Vouchers to the Courts of Admiralty or Vice Admiralty respectively, as dirided by the said recited Act, shaft, and he is hereby directed and required to transmit another attested Copy of the said detailed Accounts and Vouchers to the Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital at Greenwich ', and every such Agent who

A.I>. 1809.

49° GEORGII III.

C. 123.

955

[Src V> G. 3. c. 7'l.

A^nts »r FY>/.et

condemned in the Enll Indies shall jwjy unclaimed Shares and Balances to the life of

tificates, lor the Rei cipt of Erixe Money.

shall neglect or refuse to transmit such last-mentioned attested Copies of Accounts and Vouchers to the said Treasurer, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, to be recovered and applied in Manner herein after dirt ftrd.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Agent or Agents for any Prize or Prizes condemned or to be condemned in the East Indies, shall, under the Direction of the Court of Vice Admiralty wherein such Condemnation shall have patted, on the Application of the Deputy to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital th?re rc lder t, and in such Manner act in any Order to be made for that Purpose shall be specified, remit all unclaimed and forfeited Share* and Balances to the Treasurer in England, or pay the lame over to the said Deputy, at the E'eftion of hm the said Deputy, so that the fame may be paid to the said Treasurer within Twelve Montin after the said Agent or Agents shall have exhibited his or their Accounts in such Court of Vice Greenwich Admiralty as aforesaid. on pain of forfeiting his or their Bond or Bonds given and entered into pursuant to the Hospital. Directions of the said Act.

XIII. ' And Whereas further Provision is necessary to prevent the Fabrication of Orders and Certificates

entitling Persons to receive Prize Money due to Seamen ard others / Be it therefore enacted, That all Shares For regulating of Prize and Bounty Money due or which shall become due to any Petty Officer, Seaman, Non commissioned Orders awl Cer Officer of Marines, Marine, or Soldier, or any Person rated as a Boy or borne as a Supernumerary in His Majesty's Naval Service, shall be paid by the Agent or Agents to the Captors (if the Money shall be in his or their Pottcflion) or the Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital for the Time being or his Deputy, and the Clerk of the Cheque of the said Royal Hospital for the Time being, or his Chief Clerk (if the same shall have been paid over to the said Treasurer) to the Person entitled thereto, or to any other Palon authorized to receive the same, by any Order in the Form or to the Efflft set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (B.) which Order shall specify the Name of the Prize or Prizes distributtd or for Distribution, or give such Description thereof as shall be satisFftory to the Person or Persons in whose Pottcflion the said Prize or Bounty Money may bapprn to be, and who shall becaded upon to pay the same; and if the Capture shall have been upon the Land, the Name of the Place captured, together with the Name of His Majesty's Ship or Vessel of War on board of which the Person making the Order was serving at the Time such Prize or Prizes or Capture or Captures w as or were made, and the Person making such Order shall also procure a Certificate in the Form or to the Effect set forth in the said Schedule marked (B.) which Certificate shall contain a full Description of the Person making such Order, and shall be signed by the Captain or Commanding Officer on board, and One other signing Officer of the Ship or Vessll in which the Person making such Order shall be then serving, if there shall be more than One such figmug Officer on board or belonging to such Ship or Vessel; and il the Person making such Order shall be discharged irom the Service, and shall be resident at any Port or Place at which a Deputy to the Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital fiiail be appointed, then such Certificate, specifying the Particulars before mentioned, shall be ligned by such Deputy; and if the Person making such Order shall reside within Four Miles of the said Royal Hospital, then the said Certificate shall be signed by the Clerk of the Checque of the said Royal Hospital, or his Chief Clerk; and it at any other Place within the Bills of Mortality, then the same shall be figged by the Officer for Prizes in the Navy Pay Office, or his Affiant; and if at any Place in England at which no Deputy to the Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital shall be ?ppointed, and not behig within the Bills of Mortality, or within Four Miles of the (Vd Royal Hospital, then such Certificate, specifying the Particulars before mentioned, shall be signed by the MmilLr and One of the Churchwardens; audit in Scotland, by the Miuifter and One of the E tiers of the Parish or Place in which such Person shall reside at the Time of making such Order; and if the Person making such Order shall be a Non-comm; fiioned Officer of Marines, or a Marine, at Head Quarters, then such Certificate, specifying the Particulars before mentioned,

shall be signed by the C -lonel or Commanding Officer for the Time being, and the Adjutant of the Division o Marines to which such Person so making such Order shall at the Time belong; and if the Person making such Order shall be on , Shore at Sick Quarters, then such Certificate, specifying the Particulars before mentioned, shall be finned by the Surgeon at such Sick Quarters and One of his Assistants, which Certificate shall be written or printed on the fame Paper containing such Order, and which Order and Certificate bring presented together, and the said Order being paid, such Order and Certificate shall remain with the Agent or Agents to the Captors, or the Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital or his Deputy, paying the fame: Provided always, that every such Order, as above described, shall be revocable at PIcafure by the Person making the same:

Provided also, that no such Order shall be valid to authorize the Receipt of any Prize Money t r Bounty Money which shall be in couife of Payment or Distribution, if the Party making such Order shall be then redding or dwelling within the Difiance of Five Miles from the Place where such Prize Money or Bounty Money shall be payable; and if any Agent or Agents for Prizes shall pay cr cause to be paid any Share of Prize Money or Bounty Money to any Person or Persons, upon any Order made within that Difiance of the Place wdure such Prize Money or Bounty Money shall be payable, such Prize Money or Bounty Money bring in course of Distribution at the Time of making such Order, such Payment /h«?Il be void to all Intents znd Purposes; and the Agent or Agents making the same shall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, to be recovaed with full Cods of Suit, and applied in such Manner respectively as is herein after mentioned; and if any Person or Persons Or.l<r«

/hall falsely make, forge, or counterfeit, or cause or procure any other Person or Persons falsely to make, and forge, or counterfeit, or shall willingly act or assist in the false making, forging, or counterfeiting any such Wf, n-v M'iliout Order 01 Certificate as above specified, or shall utter or pubiifii as true any such talfe, forged, 'or counterfeited < , n#'

Order or Certificate, knowing the same to he false, forged, or counterfeited, with Intent to defraud any Person or Persons, or any Corporation, every such Person being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall insert or cause to be inserted in any Order or Altering Orders, Authority for receiving Prize Money, after Attention thereof as he rein-before directed, the Name of any Prize Miiauacwhv.

6G2 09

All Orders

IT\oU; ibi<r.

No Orders val'd

tvlirrc t }, f Vary

entitled ij rcli* (cm.

956

tJwIa! mod

Shares, &.e. of Officers atul Soldieta in the Army, in cases ot conjunct Expeditions, fra! he paid 10 the Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital; ana fevered Hcne-frs of said Act 46 G. a. c. 7'2. extended to the said Hospital.

In conjunft Ex ^editions, Regirtrars of Vice Admiralty Courts shall traafinit to Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital Lists of Frizes, &c.

Judges of Admiralty Courts frail adopt the like Measures in favour of Chelsea as Greenwich

Hospital; and Agents frail trnntmii Notices «1 Condemnation to Chelsea Hospital.

Agents ftiaft deliver Notifications of Distribution of Prizes, Lc. for Chelsea Hospital,

C. 123. 49° GEORGII III. A.D. 1809.

or Bounty Money, other thin what shall have been originally expressed in the said Order or Authority when the same shall have been attested, the said Person shall for every such Offence be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and be punishsd accordingly.

Orders or Powers of Attorney, heretofore made under 43 G. 3. c. 160. or any other Acts now repealed, shall M become void unlefr they are made to a Wife, Child, Father, Mother, Grandfather, Grandmother, Brother, 44 Siller, Uncle, Aunt, Nephew, or Niece of the Party giving the Order. §15.

XVI. 4 And Whereas it hath been deemed expedient that the Provisions contained in the said recited Act,

respecting the unclaimed and unpaid Shares of Soldiers serving in any conjunft Expedition with His Majesty's 4 Naval Force?, should be explained and amerded, end that several of the otuer Provisions contained in the same Act, and also of those herein contained, should be extended to or in favour of the Royal Hospital at Chelsea,

and for the Benefit of the Offictrs and Soldiers of His Majesty's Army, Royal Artillery, Provincial, Blacky

and all other Troops in the Pay of His Majesty, in cases of conjunft Expeditions of the Army and N<tvy; Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all unclaimed and unpaid Shares of Prize or Balances remaining unpaid to Officer? and Soldiers of the Army, Royal Artillery, Provincial, Black, and all othrr Troops in the Pay of His Majesty, in Cases of such conjunft Expeditions as aforesaid, shall be paid to the Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer for the Time being of Chelsea Hospital, within Four M >nth$ next after the Day on which Distribution thereof shall be notified purfunnt to this Act, subject neverthehfs to be refunded to any Individual entitled to the fame, and establishing hia Claim thereto, within Six Years after such Payment thereof; and that such of the fame Shares or Balances as shall not be legal > demanded within the frdTcrm of

5 x Years, and also the Shares of Prize of all such Officers aui Soldiers as shall be marked in the Books of any Regiment or Corps in the Service of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successor?, as having defrrted therefrom, shall be forfeited to and to the Use of Chelsea Hospital aforesaid, unless such Soldiers as shall have deferud shall be rettored by His Majesty's Proclamation, or otherwise pardoned; and unlrfs with respect to the Shares of such Officers and Soldiers as shall not be claimed within the said Period of Six Years, reasonable Cause shall be shewn to and allowed by the Commissioners for managing the Affairs of the said Hospital, or by the Judge of the Hgh Court of Admiralty, why such last mentioned Shares were not claimed in due Time; and that it shall be lawful for the said lad mentioned Treasurer or his Deputy to compel the Agents for the Army to bring in the Proceeds of the Sales of Prizes into Court, and to enforce Distribution thereof, and to exhibit and verify their Accounts, and pay over the Balances thereof in like Manner and by the like Means and Methods as the Treasurer of the Navy, the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, or any Captors, is or are by the said recited Act or this present Act, or any other Law, empowered to compel the bringing in of Proceeds and enforcing Distribution thereof, and the Production and Verification of Accouats and Payment of unclaimed Shares and Balances by the Naval Prize Agents, and under and subject to the fame or the like Penalties or Forfeitures for every Refusal or Neglect in the Premises, as they are liable to in respect of any Shares, Balances, and Accounts, directed by the said recited Act to be paid or produced to the Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases of such conjunft Expeditions as aforesaid, the Registrars of every Vice Admiralty Court shall transmit to the Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital, to be registered there, such Lists of Prizes, and other Particulars and Documents relating thereto, and also such Copies of Entries in their Books relative to any Matters in which the Officers and Soldiers of the Army shall be concerned or interested, and of Letters of Attorney of Officers and Soldiers in the Army registered in their Courts, as they are hereby directed to transmit to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, and at the fame Times, and under the same Penalties for Neglects therein respectively; and that true Copies of futb Letters of Attorney, so to be transmitted and registered, shall be Evidence of Agency in like Manner as io the said recited Act is mentioned in that Behalf, respecting the Copies transmitted to and registered by the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases of such conjunft Expeditions as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Judge of any Vice Admiralty Court, in all Cases of Condemnation, where there is no Claimant or Appellant before the Court, and for the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, in all Cases where any Sentence of Condemnation pronounced in that Court is appealed from, to adopt such Measurea and Proccdtngs in favour or on behalf of Chelsea Hospital, respecting the Proceeds of all Prizes in which the Officers and Soldiers of the Army employed in such Expeditions shall he interested, as the said Judges respectively are by the said recited Act authorized to adopt in favour or on behalf of Greenwich Hospital; and that every Agent resident in the United Kingdom shall, within Six Weeks after any Condemnation in the said High Court of Admiralty, transmit such Nonce to the Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of Chefea Hospital, as he is directed by the said recited Act to trausmit to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, and under the fame Penalty for every Neglect in that Behalf.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases of such conjunft Expeditions as aforesaid, the Persons or Agents appointed as herein is mentioned or referred to, for the Payment of the Shares of Prizes, shall after the Sale or Sales of any Prize or Prizes taken or to be taken upon any of such Expeditions, deliver to the Collector, Comptroller, Searcher, or other Officer hereto mentioned in that Behalf, a printed or written Notification, to be subscribed and transmitted by him to the Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of Chefea Hospital, of the Time of Payment of the Shares of the fames Prizes, and all Particulars relating thereto, and also together therewith a writtep Notification of the Amount of an individual Share in each Class, in like Manner as such Notifications are hereby directed to be transmitted to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hjfpita), and under the same Penalties for neglecting to deliver or transmit the fame Notifications to the Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of Chefea Hospital as aiordaid} and that all such Notifications to be traafautted to and registered at that

HofP>ul

A.D. 1809.

49° GEORGII III.

Cl23- ^57

Hospital asiforesaid shall, on such Proof at in the said recited Act is mentioned, be Evidence in Manner therein exprefiVd in that Behalf.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Comnvflioned Officer of the Army shall dir-ft, by any Order in Writing, that his dtftributive Share or Balance of any Prize* or Prize? shall not he pa'd ovrr tn the Treasurer or Deouty Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital, the same shall remain in the Hands of the Agent, subject to all such further Orders as such Officer may give respecttng the same.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no Deduction shall be allowed, on any Account, in the P vments of unclaimed or forfeited Shares and Balances paid over to the Treasurer or Deputy Treasurrr of the fa Hospital, for any Sums not appearing upon the Prize Lift of Distribution to have been thereon p2: d and acknowledged, unless satisfactory Vouchers from the Partitf, or their lawful Attornies, shall be produced for the same.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all Shares of Prize Money due and to become due to Non-commissioned Officers and Soldiers of the Army, in cases of such conjuuft Expeditions as aforesaid, shall be pahl by the Agent, or by the Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital, or his Chief Clerk (as the Case may require), to the Persons entitled thereto, or Persons authorized by an Older in the Form fee forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (C.) to receive the same; which Order shall specify the Place, Fortrcfa, or Sh'ps, out of wh ch the Priz-Monty Hull have arisen, together with the Name of the Regiment or Corps to which such Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier shall have belonged at the Time of the Capture 5 and the Person making such Order shall also procure and produce a Certificate in the Form or to the EffVft set forth in the said Schedule marked (C.), which C-rtificate shall be signed by the Commanding Officer, Ad'iutart, and Paymaster of the Regiment in which such Person shall be fervine, provided the Signatures of such Officers can be obtained; and in case the Signatures of all or any of such respective Officers cannot be obtained, by reason of the Regment or Part of the Regiment being on Detachment, or other unavoidable Cause, then and in such C*(e such Certificate shall be ligned by such of the said Officers as may be present where the Non-commissioned Offi.er or Soldier is then serving, and any other Commissioned Officers of the Regiment or Corps then present, so that there shall not be less than the Signatures of Three Commissioned Officers to such Certificate; or in case such Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier shall be detached from his Regiment, or be in any Hospital or S*ck Quarters, so that he cannot procure such Certificate of his Officers as above-mentioned, the same shall be stated particularly on the Order, and the Certificate shall be signed by the Three senior Officers belonging to such Detachment, or by the Surgeon or principal Medical Officer belonging to such Hospital cr Sick Quarters (as the Case may require), and by Two other principal Military or Civil Officers belonging to such Hospital, or residing at such Quarters; or in case such Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier shall have been discharged from the Service, then he shall procure and produce a Certificate in the Forrn or to the Effect set forth in the Schedule hereto annexed marked (D.), and which shall be signed by the Minister and One of the Churchwardens, or (if in Scotland) by the Mtnifter and One of the Elders of the Parish or Place in which such discharged Nor.-commissioned Officer or Soldier may then reside; or if such Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier shall be dead, then the Person entitled to receive his Share of such Prize or Bounty Money shall procure and produce a Certificate in the Form or to the Effect set forth in the Schedule hereto annexed marked (E.), which Certificate shall be signed by the Minister and One of the Churchwardens, or (if in Scotland) by the Minister and One of the Elders of the Parish or Place in which such Person shall then reside: Provided always, that every such Order as above defenbed shall be revokeable by the Person making the same; Provided also, that no such Order shall be valid to authorize the Receipt of any Prize Money or Bounty Money which shall be in course of Payment or Distribution to any such Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier as aforesaid, if the Party making such Order shall be then residing or dwelling within the Distance of Five Miles from the Place where such Prize Monty or Bounty Money shall be payable; and if any Agent or Agents for Prize3 shall pay or cause to be pa; d any Share of Prize Money or Bounty Money to any Person or Persons upon any Order made within the Distance aforesaid from the Place where fu: h Prize Money or Bounty Money shall be payable, such Prize Money or Bounty Money being in course of Distribution at the Time of making such Order, such Payment shall be void to all Intents and Purposes; and the Agent or Agents making the same shall forfeit the like Penalty as herein before mentioned with respect to Payments made to the Orders of Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, under the like Circumstances, and shall be recovered, with full Colls of Suit, and applied respectively in such Manner as herein after mentioned.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, Tha: for the Stamp Duty on every of such Orders, there shall not be more than the Sum of Ore Shilling paid for each Person subscribing the same.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, all Rrceiots given or taken for Prize Money, or Balances paid or received by the Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of Chelsea Hofftal shall be exempt from and not liable to any Duty of Stamps whatsoever; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital, in such Casts as afore fail, to appoint a Deputy or Deputies for receiving Applications and Claims for Army IVz Monies, as the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital is by the said recited Act authorized respectin/ the Navy Pr ze Monies; and that the Modes and Regulations directed by the same Act, for refunding Shares of Prize Mouv paid into Greenwich Hospital, and for facilitating the Payment of Prize Money to Seamen, and prevent^g Frauds attending the fame, shall be pursued and adopted for refunding Shares of Prize Money paid into Chef a Hospital, and for facilitating the Payment of Prize Money to Officers and Soldiers of the Army, and proven ng Frauds attending the fame, or as nearly as may be and Circumstances will permit, and under the fame Penalty for receiving any Fee or Reward for remitting or paying any such Money from Chelsea Hospital; and also that the Provisions and Directions herein contained respecting any Grants made or to be made by His Majesty. his

Heirs

of tht Army may dueft

th*ir Shares to remain w.ihvli* A^ent.

No DrduifUon allowed on unclaimed Share* unlcf.-. on Voucher.

Shares of Non-conuni'ihoned Otlif er* and Soldivpi of the A' my, in cast# of conjunct Expeditions, lhad hi* }>aid undr r Orders in 1 lie Form in Schedules (C) and; D.)

Is. Stamp Duty on Orders.

Receipts for Prize .Money exempt from Stamp Duty.

Treasurer of Cite I lea Hospital niiry appoint a Deputy. Regulations of 4 S c. 7 : f*>r refunding S*'Xr« s, e«twij into (1cnw'< U Holphid d>, }'

he af

t

: a ., : o

Cuenca ilclpitid.

Deputy

y>t iturer of Curlfci Hospital in iy receive and lend Ix-uers&c. free of l'ollage, tec.

Rfimiiutrttion 4»Ottk ei s of Cfu Mca Hospital shall i>e jniid out of uuolaui'.eU 4blurea, &, c.

'Perforating*"Officer* or Soldiers in the Army, or their Executor*, &c\ or forging any Will or l'owt r, <«r takinir a false Oath toohiaiu Prolate of Will or Administration, Felory without Benefitf Clergy.

A rents fur Royal»r Parliamentary <irant* shall

advtrufe the Dislrihut'.on, &c. «ml a<fi as is letiuircd with 7ef|>uM to Prize Money by Abij. d.a. 70.

?: '0\ ifiOT'.S of 4 S J. c. 7C. extrndeil to Distribution of Seizures for (MlVncc* aga iixil Sic Revenue.

C. 123. 49° GEORGII III. A.D. 1809.

Heirs or Successors, and the full Benefit thereof, shall extend and apply to and ia favour of Chelfia Hospital at well as Greenwich Hospital in Cases of such conjunft Expeditions as aforesaid.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Deputy Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital shall and may lnve and exercise the fame or the like Liberty or Privilege of receiving and feeding Letters or Packets upn any Bufiurli or AfFiirs relative to such Prize Matter* as aforesaid, free from the Duty of Postage, in the fame or the like Manner, and with the fame or the like Regulations, and under the fame Penalty for every Abufr ol such Liberty or Privilege, as is hereby or in any former Act uiafted or mentioned respecting the Treasurer of Grccw'uh Hofpha! in tint Behalf.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Expences incurred or to be incurred in executing tb s Act,; nd also the said recited Act, and the Sums paid in remunerating the Officers or Peril.n; employed on bcha f i.f Chelsea Hufpitd, for their Care, Pains a* d Trouble in performing the Regulations and Directions thereof, shall, so far as the fame relates to those Officers or P if n«, be fuhj.ft to the Discretion of the Com; n (timers for managing the Affairs of the fame Hospital. and shall be paid out of the Ititcreft of unclaimed Sharrf, or Shares of desertvd Men, invriled in Government Securities, or, if nectflary, out of the principal Monies »n the Hands of the Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of the said h ft-mentioned Hospital, on account of such Shares respectively; the Accounts of the said Expence* and Remunerations bting annually returned to Parliament; Provided nevertheless, that no Person employed by the said Cumrmflior.ers of Chctfca Hospital. in exteuting the Regulations of this Act. or the said recited Act, shall act «s an Agent for Prizes, or be concerned, directly or indtreftly, in the Business thereof, under the Penally of Five hundred Pounds.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the puffing or th; s Act, if any Person shall willingly and knowingly personateor faifeiy assume the Name or Character of any Officer, Soldier, or other Pzrfon in the Army, entitled or supposed to be entitled to auy Prize Morey or Bounty Money, or Share of Prize Money or Bounty Money, for Service done on any such conjunft Expedition as aforesaid, or of the Executor or Administrator, Wife, Relation, or Creditor of any such Officer, Soldier or other Person, in order to receive any Prize Money or Bounty Money, or Share of Prize Money or Bounty Money, due or supposed to be due or payable for or on account of any such Se vices as aforesaid; or shall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited any Letter of Attormy, Bill, Ticket, Order, Certificate, Assignment, last Will, or any other Power or Authority whatsoever, in order to receive any Prize Monty or Bounty Money, or Share of Prize Monty or Bounty Monty, which shall be due or supposed to be due for any such Servicts as aforesaid; or shall willingly and knowingly take a false Oath, or procure any other Person to take a false Oath, to obtain the Probate of any Will or Wills, or to obtain Letrtrs of Adrr.inistration in order to receive any Prize Monty or Bounty Money, or Share of Prize Money or Bounty Mot ty, which shall be due or supposed to be due to any such Officer, Soldier, or other Person as aforesaid, who shall have really frrved, or shall be supposed to hive served on any such conjunft Expedition as aforesaid, or shall utter or publish as true, any false, forged or counterfeited Letter of Attorney, Bill, Ticket, Order, Certificate, Assignment, last Will, or any other Power or Authority whatsoever, in order to receive any Prize Money or Bounty Money, or Share of Prize Money or Bounty Money, due or supposed to be due to any Officer, S »ldier, or other Person who shall have really served, or who shall be supposed to have served as aforesaid, with Intent to defraud His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or the Cotnnvffioiiers or Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital, or any Army Prize Agent, or any Person or Corporation whomsoever, knowing the f-me to be false, forged or comteifeited, every such Person so rfFending., and bring thereof lawfully convicted, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, tad shall fufftr Death as a Fclou without Benefit of Clergy.

<4 Agents for distributing Royal or Parliamentary Grants heretofore made shall account to Greenwich and e< Chef a H >spitals f >r all forfeited and unclaimed Shares of such Grants, within Four Months after the passing 41 of t. is Act, &c. $ 29.

XXX. And be it further enact d, That whenever any Grant shall hereafter be made by His Majesty, his H irs or SucedTors, or by Parliament, to the Captors of any Prize, Booty, or other Property, or for any

V story, and the said Gran*, of whatever Nature it may be, !ba 1 not come under the Description of Prize Monty anfing from Captun-s legally condemned in any Court of Admiralty or Vice Admiralty, but be considered as a Bounty gratuitously given, and of which the unclaimed Shares would for that Reason not be paid into Greenwich Hospital, and might not be accounted f r in any Manner, the Agent or Agents, or Persons who shall distribute the said Grants, shall edvemfe the Lid Distributions, and transmit Notice of the Amount of the Shares therein to the Treasurer of the L?d Rnyal Hofpuai at Greenwich, and to the Treasurer or Paymaster of His Majesty's Navy, as in C*fesof ordinary Distributions of Prize Money, «nd fhait also at the Expiration of Eom Months next after the D..y on which Diitribunons ftiali have been notified, deliver, or traniimt to the Officer for Pnzc« in the Navy Pay Office a cor red Copy of the Difiribtittoii Lists of such Grants, with an Account of the Payment of the several Shares to the Captors or to others on their Behalf, and pay over ail .Shares and B-iiances then remaining in his or thur Hands unpaid and undistributed, to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, or such Person or Persons as he shall depute or appoint a« atnnsaid to receive the lame, and render and verify his and their Accounts in the Manner by the said Act of the FYnty*fifth Year of His present Majesty dirtfted, under the like Penalties for Neglect of Duty as are by the said Act imposed lot negkfting to make, render, and ver fy such Paymer n and Accounts, within Pour Months after the lirii Dilinbulion of the Prize and Bounty Money in the said Act mentioned.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all the Provdions, Rules, Regulations, Forfeitures, and P nahics, mentioned in the said recited Act of the Forty-fifth Year of His p re lent Majesty, and this Act, rekufting Prizes taken from the Enemy, shall be extended to the DiUribution of the Amount of all Seizures for Offences

committed

A.D. 1809.

49° GEORGII III.

C. 12 3.

959

Penalt^-n on

Perjury and Summation of

Recovery of Penalties.

Application 0$ Penalty?.

committed against the Revenue Lawt, when made by any Ship or Vessel of War in the S.-rvice of His Majesty, hit H'rs or Succefors, a* if the fame were re-enzfted in this Act.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons flnll falsely make Oath to any of the Matters herein-before required to be verified on Oath, or suborn any other Person so to do, Inch Person or Persons shall suffer the like Pains and Penalties as are incurred by Persons committing wilful and corrupt Perjury, and the said Offences, though committed out of this Realm, may be alledged to be committed and may be laid, ^criM17 inquired of, tried, and determined in auy County of Lnglatid\ in the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposefl, as if the fame had .been actually done or committed withto the Body of such County.

XXXIII. And be it further enact'd, That all Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, wheresoever the same shall arise or become forfeited, may be recovered by Action of D.-bt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Great Britain, or on Motion and Attachmerit thereon in His Majesty's Hi*h Court ot Admiralty; and all Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act which shall arise or become forfeited in any Part of His Majesty's Dominions abroad, may be recovered in any Court of Record of His Majesty in the Colony, Territory, or Flace where the same shall arise or have become forfeited, or in any of Hi*

Majesty's Vice Admiralty Courts having Jurisdid: on there,

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafe9 in which any Agent or Person is by this Act made subj 'tt to the Forfeiture of any Sum of Money equal to any Money remaining in his Hands, or to the Amount of any Balances or Shares, such Sum or Sums ot Money shall, on Recovery thereof, go and be apolied to the Use of the Person or Persons who shall have been aggrieved by the Misconduct of such Agent or Person; and all pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act irrp >fed, other than as aforesaid, and other than such as are not hereby otherwise disposed of, shall go and be applied to the Use of the Commissionera and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich in all Cases relating to the Naval Service, and to the Use of the Com» m flionera for managing the Affairs of the Royal Hospital at Chelsea in all Cases relating to the Service of the Army, and shall be sued for in the Name of the Comm*fii mers and Governors of the said Royal Hospital at Greenwich, or in the Names of the Commissioners of the said Royal Hospital at Chei/eat as the Calc mav r«quire.

XXXV. ' And Whereas it has frequently happened that Frauds have been practised upon Petty Officers and Seamen in the Navy, and on Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, by Persons of bad

Character# who have been authorized by them to receive Wages, Pay, Prize Money and Bounty Money, to

which they were entitled* Be it therefore enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person within the United Kingdom, to receive any Wages, Pay, Prize Money or Bounty Money, due or to become due to any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Offi.er of Marines, or Marine, or Non commissioned Officer or Soldier in the Array# for or on account of his Services respectively on board any of His Majesty* Ships, or in the Capture of any Fortress upon the Land, or any Arms, Ammunition, Stores of War, Goods, Merchandize, or Treasure, on any such conjund Expedition as aforesaid, under any such Orders as herein-before mentioned# other than and except Persons who shall be duly licensed in the Manner herein after mentioned for that Purpose:

Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent any such Petty Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, Seamen, Marines, or S ddiers from giving such Orders to receive their Wages# Pay, Prize Money, or Bounty Money to their Wives, or to the Persons in the several Degrees of Relationship following; that is to (ay, Parents, Children, Brothers or Sifters of such Petty Officers, Seamen#

Marines, and Soldiers; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That any Person who shall fftlfely represent bimfeif or herLlf to be within any of the Degrees of Relationship in Blood a« before described, in order to enable himself or herself to receive any Prize Monty or Bounty Money, or Share of Prize Money or Bounty Money due or to grow due for or on account of the Services of any such Petty Officer, Non-commissioned Officer, Seaman, Marine, or Soldier, under any such Order as aforesaid, or who, not being within any such Degree of Relationship, and not being licensed as aforesaid, shall receive any Wages, Pay, Prize Monty, Bounty Money, or other Allowances of Money for the Use of any such Petty Officer, Non comm-ffioned Officer, Seaman, Marine, or Soldier; of &c. after Li-if any Agent or Person whose Licence shall have been revoked as herein after mentioned shall offer himself to fence reviAfed j, receive, or shall receive any such Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money, or other A.lowacceof Money, not being within any of the Degrees of Relationship aforesaid, and being thereof duly convictrd, shall be deemed guilty of a Mifdtmeanor.

XXXVII. And be it further crafted, That every Person before he shall act as an Agent For receiving the Wag es. Pay, Prize Mon^y, Bounty Money, or other Allowances of Money of any such Petty Officers, Non-ecimniffioned Officers, Seamen, Marines, or Soldiers, shall take out 1 Licence for that Purpose in the Form in th*. Schedule hereto annexed, ma'ked (F.) from the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy for the Time being, who is hereby authorized and empowered to grant the fame on good and fufiLicnt Security (to be approved 01 by the said Treasurer) being given by B ind to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the Penalty of Two hundred Pounds, that such Person so taking out such Licence shall demean himself properly, and duly account to all Persons for whom or for whose Ule any such Wag^s, P. y, Prize Money, or Bounty Money, shall have come to his Hands, and for which Licence no more than Five Shillings, over and above any Stamp Duties that may be due and payable thereon, shall be prid by any Person taking out the lame, which Licence shall be in force for the Space of Three Years from the Date thereof; Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if after the taking out of any such Licence, it shall appear to the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy for the Time brTg that any such licensed Agent hath abufrd the Trull reposed in him by not duly accounting to any Person or Persons by^whom he shall have been empowered to receive any such Wage9, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money, or other A lowances of Money as aforesaid#. for the Sum or Sums of Money by him received in that B: halt, or by practising any Fraud or Impofuion on auy such Person or Persons, then and in that Case it shall and may be lawful*

No Pwfon (h*!T receive Wages or Prize Money oS Petty Officers# Seamen, 8tc. unless duly liceufedr

Except Wive*, Parous, &c.

Penalty on Pei fous falsely representing themselves to lie Relations#, and on Agents receiving Wage*,

Misdemeanstfk.

Agents shall take out Lice ncea from the Treasurer of ffie Navy. Schedule (F.)

Licences-shall be revokeabl* on Abuse ck-Trust.

960

Names, fee. of licensed Agents shall be potted at Navy Pay Office,

&.C.

Agents changing their Places of Abode, &c. shall five Notice.

Provision* and Refutations of 4SG.3. c. 73. nd this Act applied to all ttaites arising from Orders of general Rejirifal itVued since the recited Act.

Commencement and Continuance of Act.

C. 123. 49° GEORGII III. A.D. 1809.

lawful for the said Treasurer, by any Writing under his Hand to be delivered to such licensed Agent, or left at hi-t lall or most usual Place of Abode, or Place where his Business of Agency shall be carried on, to revoke the Licence so to be granted or taken out as aforesaid, which Revocation, if such Agent's Place of transacting Agency Bufinef9 shall be in London or within the Bills of Mortality, shall be published in the London Gazette, and if in the C- untry or out of the said Bills of Mortality, also in some Publick Newspaper in Circulation at or near to the Place where such Agent shall transiift his Business of Agency, for the Information of all Person* interested in Wages or Prize Money, and thenceforth the Power and Authority of such Agent to demand and receive Wages, Pay, Prze Money, Bounty Monry, and other Allowances of Money due or to grow due oq account of the Services of any such Petty Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, Seamen, Marines, or Soldiers, shall ahf. lately ctafe and determ; ne.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Names and Places of Abode and of transacting Agency Bufinds of every fuel) licensed Agent, shall be inserted in a List and hung up in the Hall of the Navy Pay Office in Somerset Place, and in some conspicuous Place in each of the Navy Pay Office at the fev/ral Out Ports of the United Kingdom, for the Infpift'on of all Persons who shall resort thither on Bufmefc, and which Lifts shall be renewed from Time to Time as Occasion may require.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That as often as any such licensed Agent shall remove or change hi* Office or Place of conducing the Business of Agency, he shall within Fourteen Days after every such Removal or Change of Place, give Notice thereof in Writing to the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy for the Time being, on pain of forfeiting to His Majesty for every Neglect the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered with full Colls of Suit by Act<on cr Suit in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record within the United Kingdom.

XL. 4 And Wnercas the said Act passed in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign contains

fu.idry Provisions and Regulations touching Matters that had arisen or might arise in consequence of the general

Reprisals which His Majesty had been pleased to order against the Ships, Goods, and Subjtft; of the fcteral

Powers with whom His Majesty wai engaged in War at the Time of the passing of the said Act: And

Whereas His Majesty hath since the passing of the said Act deemed it necessary, for the Honour of his Crown

and the Safety of his People, to order that general Reprisals should be granted against the Ships, Goods, tod

Subjtfta of States then in Amity with His Majesty 5' Be it therefore Further enacted, That all and every the Provisions and Regulations contained in the said Act, passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same are not varied, altered, or repealed by this present Act, and also all and every the Provisions and Regulations in this present Act contained, shall be applied to all Cases arising from the said Orders of general Reprifa! iiTued since the passing of the said Act made in the Forty-fifth Year of his said Majesty's Reign, in like Manner and to the like Efftft as the said Provisions and Regulations are therein and herein respectively directed to be applied to all Cases arising from the Orders of general Reprisal recited in the said last mentioned Act. and shall extend to all Proceedings which have been or may hereafter be had in consequence of the Orders of Reprisal issued iioce the passing of the said Act, in as full Force and Efleft as if the fame were particularly enacted in this Act, subject neverthelefp, with rifpift to the Distribution of any Prize Money or Bounty Money arising in consequence of general Reprisals issued since the passing of the said recited Act, to such Provisions and Regulations as His Majesty hath already thought fit or may hereafter think fit to ellab!i(h by Proclamation or Proclamations for that Purpose; any Thing herrin*before contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Efftft at the fohowing Periods; that is to say, at all Places in the West Indies and America at the Expiration of Six Months j at all Places in the East Indies at the Expiration of Twelve Months; and at all other Places from and after the Thirty-first Day of August One thousard eight hundred and nine; and that it shall continue in force for the Time limited for the Act of the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty herein before recited, and no longer, save and except as to all Matters and Things as are in the said Act limiting its Duration saved and excepted and also save and except the Reg illations regarding all Powers and Interests given to the Treasurer of the Navy and his Officers, and to the Commissioners and Governors, Treasurer, Secretary, and Clerk of the Cheque of the said Royal Hospital at Greenwich. and the Commi (Tuners, Treasurer, and Deputy Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital at Chelsea, and the Officer for Prizes in the Navy Pay Office, either by the said recited Act Of by this Act, ill which shall continue in force until repealed by any subsequent Act of Parliament.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Act of Parliament, 49th Geo. III. Chap. Section

Navy Pay Office, London.

jf Request that the Prize Money noted on the Document which will be produced herewith may be paid, or that a Keafoo may be afligacd for its Difsllowance, in the Manner pointed out in the above Act of Parliament.

A. B Officer for Prizes; or, C.D. Clerk of the Cheque of Greenwich Hospital, {as the Case may be.)

SCHE.

A.D. 1809.

49. GEORGII III.

C. 123.

SCHEDULE (B.)

\Here insert the Place where and Time when the Order is made."]

Day of \9o > t

Seveo Days Sight pay to or his Order, the Amount of my Share of

Prize or Bounty Money, for the Capture of [Here insert the Names of the Prizes, and Time of Capture, or give such other Description of them as shall be fat tsfa tiory to the dgent and the Officers of Greenwich Hospital] when (enring on board His Majesty's Ship or Veliki the in Quality of

To the Agent for the said .Capture, 7 or, the proper Officers of Greenwich Hospital. 3

THefe are to certify. That we have examined the said who signed the

above Order in our r refence, and from the Documents he has shewn u % viz. \here insert the Nature of the Documents, whether they are Invalid Tickets, Certificates, or otherwise, and by what Officer they are fgned} and his Answers to our Questions, we have reason to believe that he was serving on board the said Ship at the Time of making the Captures above specified; he fays he was born at in the County of that he is Years of Age, of a Complexion,

Eyes, and Hair, f If the Party is discharged from the Service, date the 'Time

and Cavfe of Discharge. 2

Given under our Hands

Note. — This Certificate to be signed by the Captain or Commanding Officer, and one other signing Officer of the Ship to which the Party belongs.

If discharged from the Service, and resident at any Place where there is a Deputy or Agent of the Hospital, to be signed by that Deputy.

If within Four Miles of the Hospital, by the Clerk of the Cheque or his Chief Clerk.

If at any other Place within the Bills of Mortality, by the Officer for Prizes in the Navy Pay Office, or hia Assistant.

If by Marines at Head Quarters, to be signed by the Colonel or Commanding Officer and the Adjutant.

If by any Person at Sick Quarters, to be signed by the Surgeon and one of his Assistants.

If at any other Place in England, to be signed by the MmiHer and one of the Churchwardens; and if in Scotland, by the Minister and one of the ElderB.

AT Seven Days Sight pay to or Bounty Money due to in the Regiment of

Month of 18

SCHEDULE (C.)

iPlace] IDate]

or Order, the Amount of the Share of Priie in respect of Service as a

at the Capture of in the

To Agent for the Capture of

r, ' To the Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of > Chelsea Hospital (as the Case may require.) J

CERTIFICATE for a Soldier now serving.

These are to certify, That we have examined the above-named who signed

or acknowledged the above Order in our Preftnce, and from the Documents whffeh he haa shewn us, and his Answere to our Questions, we have Reason to believe that the said was serving

in the above-mentioned Regiment at the Time of making the said Capture, and that he Is now serving at a in the Regiment of

Given under our Hands at the Day of ift

Commanding Officer. Adjutant.

Paymaster.

CERTIFICATE for a Soldier who has been discharged.

(D.)

pHESE are to certify, That we have examined the above-named who signed

or acknowledged the above Order in our Presence, and from the Document! which he has shewn us, and his Answers to our Questions, we have Reason to believe that the said was serving

in the above-mentioned Regiment at the Time of making the above Capture, and that he wai discharged ...*749 Geo. III. €H on

9&2

C. 123, 124.

49° GEORGII III. A.D. 1809.

on the Day of

an Out-Pensioner of Chetfca Hospital. Given under our Hands at

AT. B. If not a Penfiouer, those Words to be crafed.

18 that he now residet in this Parish, and ia

thia Say of 1

Minister,

Churchwarden,

or

Elder (or the Case may ta)

CERTIFICATE for a Person who is entitled to the Prize Money of a deceased Soldier*

(E.)

YHESE are to certify, That we have examined the above-named who fined

or acknowledged the above Order in our Pretence, and from the Documents, annexed, and hit for, her]]; Answers to our Questions, we have Reason to believe that the above-named

is dead, and that the said is the to the fisid deceased, tad

that he [or, (he] now resides in this Parish*

Given under our Hands at

AT. B. Annex the Document* alluded to*

the Day of i&

Minister,

Churchwarden,

or

Elder (as the Case may fc)

FORM OF LICENCE*

(V.)

w Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy# do hereby, in pursuance of an Act of Parliament made and passed in the Forty-ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, 4* ^8 % [infer* the Title of the ABi\ grant Licence to of

in the of to act as an Agent in the Receipt of Wages, r»r, Prize

Money and Bounty Money, granted by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, or hereafter to be passed for and in respect of the Service of Petty Officers and Seamen, Noa-oommiffiooed Officers of Marines, and Marines, on board any of His Majesty's Ships; and also any Bounty Money given or granted by His Majesty in respect of the Service of any such Persona aa nfoncfatd, (or Prizes or Captures not proceeded agsinn to Condemnation in the Courts of Admiralty and Vice Admiralty: This Licence to continue in force for the Space of Three Years from the Date hereof, determinable newrtheiefs for such Cause or Causes as in and by the said Act of the Forty-ninth Ytar«f the Reign of His said Majesty is in that Behalf expressed. Given under my Hand, and sealed with the Seal of Office, at the Navy Pay Office, Somerset-Place, the D'J

of One iboofand eight hundred

asG.D.

101.

CAP. CXXIV.

An Act for altering, amending, and explaining certain Acts relative to the Removal of the Poor, and for making Regulations in certain Cases touching the Examination of Paupers as to their Settlement } and for extending to all Parishes certain Rules and Orders in Workhousea, under an Act of the Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, [XOth June 1809.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Thirty-fife Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prevent the Removal of Poor Persons until they shall become a dually chargeable, it is amongst other Things enacted, That in case any Poor Person shall be brought before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the Purpose of being removed from the Place where he or she 13 inhabiting or sojourning, by virtue of acy Order of Removal, or of being passed by virtue of any Vagrant Pass, and k (halt appear ta the said*ftt&ice or Justices that such Poor Person is unable to travel by reason of Sickness or other Infirmity, or that it* would be danperoos for him or her so to do, the Justice or Justices making such Order of Removal or granting such Vagranc PaGs, are required and authorized to suspend the Execution of the fame until they are fatitfird that it may safely be executed without DaegerW any Parfiow who is the Subjtft thereof, and that the Charges proved upon Oath to have been incurred by such Suspectton of any Order of Removal, may by the said Justices be directed to he paid by ibe Churchwardens and Overseers of the Parish or Place to which such Poor Person is ordered to be removed, in case any Removal shall take place, of in case of the Death of such Poor Person before the Execution of such Order: And by the same Act it is furtht r crafted, That in case of*an Appeal against any Order for the Payment of such Charge^, if the Court of Quarter Sessions shall be of*Opinion that the 'Sum so awarded be more than of right ought to have been directed to be paid, such Court may and is thereby directed to strike out the Sutn contained in the said Order, and insert the Sum which in the judgment of such Court ought to be paid} nod ia«vcxjfudiCafe the Court of Quarter tkffions shall dirrft

that

A.D. 18c>9»

49° GEORGII III.

0.124, 125. 963

that the said Order fb amended shall be carried into Execution by the said Justices by whom the Order was originally made, or either of them, or in case of the Death of either of them, by such other Justice or Justices«as the Court shall direct: And Whereas it is expedient that the Power of putting an End to the Suspensions

of any such Order of Removal or Pass, and of executing the several or other Authorities aforesaid, should not

be confined to the Order of the Justice or Justices making such Order or Pass; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the pafCng of this Act, in all Cases wherever the Execution of any Order of Removal or of any Vagrant Pass shall be hereafter suspended by virtue of the said recited Act, it shall be lawful for any other Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County or other Jurisdiction within which such Removal or Pass shall be made, to direct and order that the same shall be executed, and to direct the Charges to be incurred as aforesaid to be paid, and to carry into Execution any such amended Orders as aforesaid, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as the said respective Powers and Authorities can or may be executed bjrthe said Justices who shall make any such Order of Removal', or by the Justice who shall grant any such Pass as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That when the Execution of any such Order of Removal shall be suspended,

the Time of appealing against such Order shall be computed according to the Rules which govern other like Cases Jrom the Time of serving such Order, and not from the Time of making such Removal under and by virtue of the same.

III.*And, in order to avoid any Pretence for forcibly separating Husband and Wife, or other Persons

nearly connected with or related to each other, and who are living together as one Family at the Time of any Order of Removal made or Vagrant Pass granted, during the dangerous Sickness or other Infirmity of any one

or more of such Family, on whose Account the Execution of such Order of Removal or Vagrant Pass is

suspended p Be it further enacted and declared, That where any Order of Removal or Vagrant Pass shall be suspended by virtue of this or of the said recited Act, on account of the dangerous Sickness or other Infirmity caicoI of any Person or Persons thereby directed to be removed or passed, the Execution of such Order of Removal or Sickness, may Vagrant Pass shall also be suspended for the same Period with respect to every other Person namtd therein, who be exr«ixie4 to was aftaally of the fame Household or Family of such lick or infirm Person or Persons at the Time of such Order <*hcr Perfcma of of Removal made or Vagrant Pass granted.

IV. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall happen that any Pauper is by Age, Illness, or Infirmity unable to be brought up to the Petty Sessions to be examined as to his or her Settlement, it shall be lawful for any One Magistrate aft ing for the District where such Pauper shall be, to take the Examination of the said Pauper, and to report the same to any other Magistrate or Magistrates acting for the said District, and for the said Magistrates upon such Report to adjudge the Settlement of the said Pauper, and make and suspeod the Order of Removal, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the said Pauper had appeared before Two Magistrates.

V.«And Whereas by an Act passed in the Twenty-fecood Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled, An Act for the better Refief and Employment of the Poor; certain Rules. Orders, Bye Laws, and

Regulations are appointed to be observed and enforced in every Poor House estabhfbed under the Authority of Two Jaftkes hi

the said Act: And Whereat it is expedient that such Rules, Orders, Bye Laws, and Regulations should be Pctt7 Scfl*loni

extended to Poor Houses and Workhouses established in other Parishes f* it is hereby enacted, Thtt any Two «ay!, P?A

Or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, may at any Petty Sessions direct such Rules, Orders, Bye Law*, G.

and Regulations, or any of them, to be observed and executed in any Parishes within their mfptftive Divisions or to be observed District#, as fully at in those incorporated by the said Act. in any PariOu

Where Order ol Removal, Jkc. IhftK be ftiipended, any Justice for the Hace may order the same to be executed, £e.

How Time of appealing shall be coinjwted.

Order of Removal suspended in case of the Family.

On© Magistrate may examine an infirm Pauper as to his Settlement, and report to Petty Session

CAP. CXXV.

An Act to amend an Act made in Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty, for the Encouragement and Relief of Friendly Societies.

[20th June 1809.]

WHEREAS great Advantage has been derived as well to the Publick as to Individual?, by the Establish-1 W ment of Friendly Societies, under the Authority of an Act of the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement and Relief of Friendly Societies: And Whereas it

is expedient to make further Provision for the Attainment of the good Purposes intended thereby; Be it therefore enacted, by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person having been admitted a Member of any Society established under the Authority of the said Act, shall offend against any of the Rules, Orders, or Regulations of such Society, it shall be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace redding within the County, Riding, Division, Shire, Stewartry,

City, Liberty, or Place within which such Society ftisdl be held, upon Complaint made on Oath by any^aM Member of such Society, to issue their Summons to such Person against whom such Complaint shall be made, Am-Ii7by* and upon his or her Appearance, or, in default thereof upon due Proof upon Oath of the Service of such D.breU J\*i Summons, such Justices shall proceed to hear and determine the said Complaint according to the Rule?, Orders, £>*1* and Regulations of the said Society confirmed as directed by the said Act, and shall make such Order therein as to them shall seem just; and in case the said Justice shall adjudge any Sum of Money to be paid by such Person against whom such Complaint shall be made, and such Person shall not on Notice of such Order forthwith pay the Sum of Money so adjudged to the Person or Persons, and in the Manner directed by this Act,

It shall be bwfai for such Justices, and they are hereby required by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to

6 H 2 caute

S3 G. Ss <r3i*

Tuo .Justices m» Complaint may enforce the OUfervance of any Rules;

964 C.i25>t26,

49° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1809.

m G. 3.

C. 54.

35 G. 3. C. 111.

Benefits of recited 31 G. 3. e xtended to all Societies complying with Uiia

Ad.

Two Justice* may order Relief under said Act, and Hiall specify the Ti*uo and Mitn-« Ftywcut,

Drders of Julnces shall he made on Officers of Societies by Name, and served on theip*.

Ail such Order* skull be final.

cause the same to be levied by Distrcfsand Sale of the Goods of such Person on whom such Order shall have been made, together with such CofUaa shall be awarded by the said Justicea, and also the CotU and Charges attending such Distress and Sale, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner.

11.*And Whereas it was provided by the said Act of the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, that no Society to be established for the Purposes therein recited should be deemed and taken to ' be within the Meaning of the same Act, unless the Rules of the Society should be 6ied at the Quarter Svfliorw 1 of the Peace, before the End of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, wmch Time was

enlarged by an Act of the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign to Michaelmas One thousand seven hundred and ninety-six: And Whereas it is expedient that all Societies which were estabhdied under

the Authority of the firtl recited Act for the laudable Purposes thereby intended, previously to the fame having

been passed, should be allowed to file their Rules, notwithstanding their having omitted to do so within the

Times limited; Be it therefore enacted, That all such Societies, the Rules, Orders, and Regulations of which shall have been exhibited, to the Justices of the Peace fmcc Michaelmas One thousand seven hundred and ninety* fix, or which shall at any Time hereafter be exhibited in the Manner directed by the said recited Act of the Thirty.third Year of His present Majesty, and which (had have been or shall be dealt w th, examined, approved of and confirmed by the Justices in the Manner therein directed, and have been or shall be drpolited with the Clerk of the Peace and hied as directed also by the said Act, shall be deemed and taken to be within the Intent and Meaning of the said Act, as amply and for all Purposes as if their Rules had been estabhftied within the Periods limited in either of the recited Acts.

III. And be it further enacted, That if Complaint shill be made to Two such Justices of the Peace by iny Member of such Societies, of Relief having been refused to him by any such Society, to which he shall be lawfully entitled according to the Rules of the Society to which he shall beleng, it shall be lawful for the said Two Justices of the Peace residing within the County, Riding, Division, Shire, Stewartry, Cityr Liberty, or Place, within which such Society shall be held, and such Justices are hereby required, upon Complaint made by or on the Behalf of the Person aggrieved thereby, to summon the Person, being an Officer of the Society against whom such Complaint shall be made, and upon his or her Appearance, or in default thereof, upon due Proof upon Oath of the Service of such Summons, such Justices shall proceed to hear and determine the said Complaint, and award such Sum of Money to be forthwith paid to the said Complainant as shall appear to such Justice9 to be due on such Award as aforesaid, together with such a Sum for Cods, not exceeding the Sum of Ten Shilling^, as to such Justices shall seem meet; and if the said Sums so to be awarded, together with such Cods, shall not be forthwith and in the Presence of such Justice or Justices paid to such Complainant, or ta some Person or Persons there attending on the Behalf of such Complainant, then such Justices shall by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, cause such Sum and Cods as aforesaid to be levied by Didress, or by Didress and Sale of the Monies, Goods, Chattels, Securities, and Effcds belonging to the said Society, together with all.further Costs and Charges attending such D dress, or such Didress and Sale, returning the Overplus (if any) to the said Society, or to one of the Treasurers or Trudecs thereof, and in default of such Didress being found, then to be levied by Didress and Sale of the proper Goods of the Officer or Officers of the said Society so Hfgledting or refusing as aforesaid, together with such further Costs and Charges as aforesaid, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner, and so from Time to Time as often as Complaint shall be made of the Non-payment of any Sum or Sums directed by such Order to be paid as aforesaid, such JuAicts shall by like Warrant cause such Arrears from Time to Time be levied in the Manner before directed: Provided always, that whatever Sums shall be paid by any such Officer or Officers, or levied on his or their proptr Goods in pursuance of the Order of any Justice as aforesaid, shall be repaid, with all Damages accruing to him or them, by and out of the Monies belonging to such Society, or out of the fird Monies which shall thereafter be received by such Society-

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Orders made by Justices of the Peace by virtue of the said Act or this Act, upon the Complaint of any Person having been admitted a Member of any Society established under the said Act, who shall be aggrieved by any Ad, Matter, or Thing done or omitted to be done by any such Society, shall be made upon the Prriidents, Wardens, Stewards, Trtalurtrs, Trustees, or other principal Offi: trsof the Society to which such Complaint shall relate, or any One or more of them, or any of them, at the Discretion of the said Jud'ces, in the proper Name or Names of such Officer or Officers; and every such Order may he ftrved upon the Officer or Officers so named therein, either by delivering a Copy of the said Order to such Officer of Officers, or one of them, dr leaving the fame at his I a A or usual Place of Abode; and such Service (hdl be binding on such Officer or Officers, and on the Society to which such Officer or Officers shall belong, to 66 and perform, or cause to be done or performed, all and every the Matters and Things contained in and directd by such Order to be done according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof.

V. And be it further ena£Ld, That every Order, Adjudication, or Award of any Justice or Justicrt under this A^. shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes, and shall not be removed or removable into any Court of Law, or restrained or rcilratoable by the Injunction of any Court of Equity.

CAP. CXXVI.

An Act for the further Prevention of the Sale and Brokerage of Offices.

[20th June 1809.]

"JUeital d. 5 & 6 Ed. 6.

4 T YTHH P FAS an Act passed it the Fifth and S<xth Year of the Reign of King Edward the Sixth, intituled,

W buying and selling of Offices: And Whereas it was in and by the said Act enacted, amongst other

Tilings, mat it any Person or Persons at any Time thereafter bargained or sold any Office or Offices, orl)cpu-

mum of any Office or Offices, or any Part or Parcel of any of them, or received, had, ur took any Money, Fee, Reward, or any other Profit, direct, or mdircdly, or took any Promise, Agreement, Covenant, Bond, or any AiTuraacc* to receive or have any Money, Fee, Reward, or other Profit, direct, or indirectly, for any

3.«Office

A.D. 1809. 49° GEORGII III# C. 12S. 965

Office or Offices, or for the Deputation of any Office or Offices, or any Part of anf of them, or to the Intent

that any Person should have, exercise, or enjoy any Office or Offices or the Deputation of any Office or Offices, or any Part of any of them, which Office or Offices, or any Part or Parcel of them, should in anywise

touch or concern the Administration or Execution of Juttiee, or the Receipt, Controlment, or Payment of any of the Kind's H^'hness Treasure, Money, Rent, Revenue, Account, Aulnage, Auditorship, or fur-

veying of any of the King's Majesty's Honours, Castles, Manors, Lands, Tenements, Woods, or Hereditaments, or any of the King's Majesty's Custorr.s, or any other Administration or necessary Attendance to be had, done, or extented in any of the King's Majesty's Custom House or Houses, or the keeping of any of the King's Majesty's Towns, Castles, or Fortresses, being used, occupied, or appointed for Placet of Strength and Defence, or which should concern or touch any Clerkftiip to be occupied in any Manner of

Court of Record, wherein Juliice was to be administered, that then all and every such Person and Person*

that should so bargain or lell any of the said Office or Offices, Deputation or Deputations, or that should

take any Money, Fee, Reward, or P-oftt for any of the Lid Office or Offices, Deputation or Deputations

of any of the said Offices, or any Part of any of them, or that should take any Promise, Covenant, Bond, or Assurance for arty Money, Reward, or Profit to be given for any of the said Office or Offices, Deputation or Deputations of any of the said Office or Offices, or any Part of any of them, should not only lose and

forfeit all his and their Right, Interest# and Estate which such Person or Persons should then have, of, in, or to,

any of the said Office or Offices, Deputation or Deputations or any Part of any of them, or of, in, or to, the Gift or Nomination of any of the said Office or Offices, Deputation or Deputations for the which Office or Offices, or

for the Deputation or Deputations of which Offices, or for any Parc of any of them, any such Person or Persons y

should so make any Bargainor Sale, or take or receive any Sum of Money, Fee, Reward, or Pfofit, or any Promise,

Covenant, or Assurance to have or receive any Fee, Reward, Money, or Profit, but also that all and every such Person or Persons that should give or pay any Sum of Money, Reward, or Fee, or should make any Promise, Agreement, Bond, or Assurance for any of the said Offices, or for the Deputation or Deputations of any of the said OffLeor Offices, or any Part of any of them, should immediately by and upon the fame Fee, Money, or '

Reward given or paid, or upon any such PromiL, Covenant, Bond, or Agreement had or made forny Fee, Sum of Money, or Reward, to be paid as is aforesaid, be adjudged adifabled Person in the Law to all Intents and Purposes, to have, occupy, or enjoy the said Office or Offices, Deputation or Deputations,

4 or any Part of any of them, for the which such Person or Persons should so give or pay any Sum of Money, Fee, or Reward, or make any Promise, Covenant, Bond, or other Assurance, to give or pay any Sum of Money, Fee, or Reward; and that ail and every such Bargains, Sales, Promises, Bonds, Agreemenu, Covenants, and Assurances as before specified should be void to and against him and them by whom any such Bargain, Sale, Bond, Promise, Covenant, or Assurance should be had or made: And Whereas it was in the said Act provided, that the said Act, or any Thing therein contained, should not in anywise extend to any Office or Offices, whereof any Person or Persons was or should be seised of any Estate of Inheritance, nor to any Office of Parkership, or of the keeping of any Park, House, Manor, .Garden, Chafe,

4 or Forest, or to any of them: And Whereas it was by the said Act further provided; that if any Person or Persons did thereafter offend in* any Thing contrary to the Tenor and Effect of the said Act, yet that notwithstanding all Judgments given, and all other Act and Acts executed or done by any such Person or Persons so offending by Authority or Colour of the Office or Deputation which ought to be forfeited or not occupied or not enjoyed by the Person so offending, after the said Offence £0 by such Person cpmratued.

4 or done, acd before such Person so offending for the fame Offence should be removed from the Exercisei,

Administration, and Occupation of the said Office or Deputation, should be and remain good and sufficient in Law, to all Intents Constructions, and Purposes, in such like Manner and Form as the fame would or ought to have remained and been if this Act had never been had or made; And Whereas it was by the said Act further provided, that the said Act, or any Thing therein contained, should not in anywise extend, or be prejudicial or hurtful to any of the Chief Justices of the King's Courts, commonly called the King's Bench or Common Place, or to any of the Justices of Assize, that then were or thereafter should be, but that they and every of them might do in every Bffialf touching or concerning any Office or Offices to be given or'- '* 1

granted by them or any of them, as they or any of them might have done before the making of the said Act Be it therefore declared and enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, the said Act and all the Provisions therein contained Frov'.Gon* of shall extend and be construed to extend to Scotland and Ireland, and to all Offices in the Gift of the Crown, said Act, or of any Office appointed by the Crow"n, and all Commissiona Civil, Naval or Military, and to all Places and 6 & G Ed. 6. Employments, and to all Deputations to any such Offices, Commissions, Places, or Employment* in the re-^s«oilTnd ai4 spective Departments or Offices, or under the Appointment or Superintendar.ee and Controul of the Lord High Ireland and 10 Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, the Secretary of State, the Lords Commissioners for executing the all Ortice* in Office of Lord High Admiral, the Master General and principal Officers of His Majesty's Ordoance, the the Gift of the Commander in Chief, the Secretary at War, the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, the Commissioners Grown, for the Affairs of India, the Commissioners of the Excise, the Treasurer of the Navy, the Commissioners of the Navy, the Commissioners for Victualling, the Commissioners of Transports, the Commissary General, the Storekeeper General, and also the principal Officers of any other publick Department or Office of His Majesty's Government in any Part of the United Kingdom, or in any of His Majesty's Dominions, Colonies, or Plantation* which now belong or may hereafter belong to His Majesty, and also to all Offices, Commissiona, Places and Employments belonging to or under the Appointment or Controul of the United Company of Merchant* of England trading to the East Indies, in as full and ample a Manner as if the Provision* of the said Act -were repeated a* to all such Offices, Commissions, Places, and Employment*, and made Part of this Act) and the

laid

g66

MVhcn Right of Appointment it for lei ted, Olivos vested in His Majesty. Prrfcms buying or foiling, or teeeKing or payin'* Monty or Rewrards [or Offices, guitty of Misdemeanor.

fVrfons receiving or jwy-ing Money for ibiiciting or obtaining Offices, And any Nego-ciationa or pretended Negotiations relating thereto; guilty of a Mifde -mcanor.

Teffons opening

or advertising Houses for tr an tact ing Business relating to Sale of Offices, guiliy of a Mifde* j&eaaor.

Penalty on

Berfoo* advertising or pub-lifhiitg the Names of Brokers or

C. 126, 49° GEORGII III. A.D. 1809.

/aid Ad and this AStf tnd all the clauses and Provisions therein respeditely contained, shall he conftrned ai one Ad, a* if the fame bad been herein repeated and re-enacted.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where the Right, Eft ate, or Interest of any Person or Persons shall he forfeited under any of the Provisiona of the said Act or this Act, the Right of Inch Appoint-mentffiall immediately vest. in and belong to His Majesty, his Heirs and Succe flora.

III. And be it further declared and enacted, That from and after the paffine of this Act. if any Prrion or Persona shall fell or bargain for the Sale of, or receive, have, or take any Money, Fee, Gratuity, Lota of Money, Reward, or Profit, directly or indirectly, or any Promise, Agreement, Covenant, Contract, Bond or A durance, or shall by any Way, Device or Meant contract or agree to receive or have any Money, Fee, Gratuity, Loan of Money, Reward or Profit, directly or indirectly, and a.so if any Person or Persons shall purchtfe or bargain for the Purchase of, or give or pay any Money, Fee, Gratuity, Loan of Money, Reward or Profit, or make or*enter into any Promise, Agreement, Covenant, Contract, Bond or A durance to give or pay any Money, Fee, Gratuity, Loan of Money, Reward or Profit, or shall by any Way. Means or Device, contract or agree to give or pay any Money, Fen, Gratuity, Loan of Money, Reward or Profit, dinedly or indirectly, for any Office, Commission, Place or Employment specified or described in the said recited Act or this Act, or within the true Intent or Meaning of the said Act, or thia Ad, or for any Deputation thereto, or for any Parc, Parcel, or Participation of the Profits thereof, or for any Appointment or Nomination thereto or Resignation thereof, or for the Consent or Confeats or Voice or Voices of any Person or Persons to any such Appointment, Nomination or Refigoation, then and in every such Case, every such Person, and also every Person who shall wilfully and knowingly aid, abet or assist such Person therein, shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of a Misdemeanor.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person or Persons shall receive, have, or take any Money, Fee, Reward, or Profit, directly or indirectly, or take any Promise, Agreement, Covenant, Contract, Bond, or Assurance, or by any Way, Means, or Device, contract or agree to reed re or have any Money, Fee, Gratuity, Loan of Money, Reward or Profit, directly or indirectly, for any Interest, Solicitation, Petition, Request, Recommendation, or Negociation whatever, made or to be made, or pretended to be made, or under any Pretence of making or causing or procuring to be made any Interest, Solicitation, Petition, Reqaeft, Recommendation or Negociation, in or about or ia any wife touching, concerning, or rcbting to any Nomination, Appointment, or Deputation to or Resignation of any such Office, Commission, Place or Empfoyment as aforesaid, or under any Pretence for using or having used any Interest, Solicitation, Petition, Rrqucft, Recommendation or Negociation, in or about any such Nomination, Appointment, Deputation or Rcfu nation, or for the obtaining or having obtained the Consent or Consents or Voice or Voicea of any Person or Persons as aforesaid to such Nomination, Appointment, Deputation or Resignation; and also if any Person or Persons shall give or pay or emufe or procure to be given or paid any Money, Fee, Gratuity, Loan of Money, Reward or Profit, or make or cause or procure to be made any Promise, Agreement, Covenant, Contract, Bond or Assurance, or by any Way, Means, or Device, contract or agree or give or pay or cause or .procure to be given or paid any Money, Fee, Gratuity, Loan tff Money, Reward, or Profit for any Solicitation, Petition, Request, Recommendation or Negociation whatever, made or to be made, that shall in any wise touch, consern, or relate to any Nomination, Appointment, or Deputation to or Resignation of any such Office, Commission, Place, or Employment as aforesaid, or for the obtaining or having obtained, directly or indirectly, the Consent or Consents, or Voice or Voicea of any Person or Persons as aforesaid to any such Nomination, Appointment, Deputation, or Resignation; and also if any Person or Persons shall, for or in expectation of Gain, Fee, /Gratuity, Loan of Money, Reward, or Profit, solicit, recommend, or negociate in any Manner for any Person or Persons in any Matter that shall in any wise touch, concern, or relate to any such Nomination, Appointment, Deputation or Resignation aforesaid, or for the obtaining, directly or indirectly, the Consent or Consents or Voice or Voices of any Person or Persons to any such Nomination, Appointment, or Deputation or Resignation afore* /aid, then and every such Case every such Person, and also every Person who shall wilfully and knowingly aid, bet, or assist such Person therein, shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of a Misdemeanor.

V.*And Whereas on the Pretence of negociating or soliciting the Sale, Transfer, or Appointment of any Office or Offices which under the Exception of this Act or otherwise it may be lawful to fell, Offices for negociating the fame, and Advertisements may be published, by Means and under the Colour of which*illegal Transactions intended to be prohibited by this Act may be carried onj* Be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person or Persons shall open or keep any House, Room, Office, or Place for the soliciting, transading or negociating in any Manner whatever any Business relating feo Vacancies in or the Sale or Purchase of, or Appointment, Nomination, or Deputation to, or Resignation, Transfer, or Exchange of ar»y Offices, Commissioni, Placer, or Employments whatever in or under any Publick Department, then and in every such Case every such Person, and also every Person who shall wilfully and knowingly aid, abet, or assist therein, shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of a Misdemeanor.

VI. And be it further traded, That if* any Person or Persons shall advertise or publifti, or cause or procure to be advernfed or in any Manner published any House, Room, Office, or Place to have been or to be opened, set up, or kept for any of the Purposes aforesaid, or advertise or publifti, or cause or procure to be admtifed or published, the Name or Names of any Person or Persons as Broker or Brokers, Agent or Ageota, Solicitor or Solicitors for any of the Purposes aforesaid, or print or cause or procure or permit or fuffier to be printed or advertised any Advmiftment or AJvertifrmente, Proposal or Proposala for any of the Purposes aforesaid, then and in such Case such Person or Persons shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to bf sued for, levied, or recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at We^minster, as to all Offences committed in England, or at Dublin at to Offences committed in Inland* or in His Majesty's Courts in Scotland as to Offences committed in Scotland respectively; and the whole of every such Penalty (kail go to the Person who shall luc for the feme, with full Costa of Suit*

j VII. Pro-

A.D. 1809.

49 GEORGII III.

C. 126.

9fl7

VII. Provided always* and be it further enacted, That nothing fn this Act contained (half extend or be construed to extend to any Purchases, Sale*, or Exchange* of any Commissions or Appointments in the honourable Band of Gentlemen Pensioners, or in His Majesty's Yeoman Guard, or in the Marshalsea, and the Court of the King of the Palace of the King at Westminster, or to extend to any Purchases, S*lc8, or Exchanges of any Com minions in His Majesty's Forces for such Prices as shall be regulated and fixed by any Regulation made or to be made by His Majesty in that Behalf, or to any Act or Thing done in relation thereto, by any Agents,

frovided that such Agents shall be Agents of Regiments authorized by the Commander in Chief of His Majesty's orces, or by the Colonels or Commandants of Regiments or Corps, and shall act therein under such Regulations only at are or shall from Time to Time be established by His Majesty, and shall not c*use or procure, or knowingly permit or suffer to be printed or advertised, any Advertisemeat or Advertisements, Proposal or Propvfals for any Purchase or Sale or Exchange of any Commission, or any Negociation relating thereto, and shall not receive or take any Money, Fee, Gratuity, or Reward, or any Promise, Agreement, Covenant, Contract, Bond, or Assurance, or by any Way, Means, or Device, contract or agree to receive or have any Money, Fee, Gratuity, or Reward, for acting in such Behalf.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That every Officer in His Majesty's Forces, who ftnll take, accept, or receive, or pay, or agree to pay, any larger Sum of Money, directly or indirectly, than what is allowed by any Regulations made by His Majesty in relation to the Purchase, Sale, or Exchange of Commissions in His Majesty's Forces, or who shall pay, or cause to be paid, any Sum of Money, to any Agent or Broker, or other Person, for negociating the Purchase or Sale or Exchange of any such Commission, shall, on being convicted thereof by a General Court Martial, forfeit his Commission, and be cashiered; and as an Encouragement for the Detection of such Practices, such Commission so forfeited shall be sold, and Half the regulated Value (not exceeding Five hundred Pounds) shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Half, or the Remainder, it more than Five hundred Pounds, shall go and be applied as His Majesty shall order and direct, by any Regulations from Time to Time made in that Behalf: Provided also, that every Person who shall fell his Commission in His Majesty* Forces, and not continue to hold any Commission in His Majesty's Forces, and shall, upon or in relation to such Sale, take, accept, or receive, dirtft!y or ind»rest)y, any Money, Fee, Gratuity, Loan of Money, Reward, or Profit, or any Promise, Agreement, Covenant, Contract, Bond, or Aflurauce, or shall by any Device or Means contract or agree to receive or have any Money, Fee, Gratuity, Loan of Money, Reward, or Profit, beyond the regulated Price or Value of the Commission fold, and also every Person who shall wilfully or knowingly aid, abet, or assist such Person therein, shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of a Mi (demeanor within the Provisions of this Act.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to any Office excepted from the Provisions of the said Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King Edward the Sixth against buying and selling of Offices, or to any Office which was legally Saleable before the passing of this Act, and in the Gift of any Person by virtue of any Office of which such Person is or shall be possessed under any Patent or Appointment for his Life; or to render invalid, orioany Manner to affect any Promise, Agreement, Covenant, Contract, Bond, Assurance, or Trust, entered into or declared before the passing of this Act, and which before the passing thereof was a valid Promise, Agreement, Covenant, Contract, Bond, Assurance, or Trust, in Law or Equity, or to any Money paid, or to any Act, Matter, or Thing done in pursuance of any such Promise, Agreement, Covenant, Contract, Boud, or Assurance.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent or make void any Deputation to any Office, in any Case in which it is lawful to appoint a Deputy, or any Agreement, Contract, Bond, or Assurance lawfully made in r* spect of any Allowance, Salary, or Payment made or agreed to be made by or to such Principal or Deputy respectively, out of the Fees or Profits of such Office.

XL. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in the said Act or in this Act contained'(htll extend to any annual Reservatior, Charge, or Payment made or required to be made out of the Fees, Perquisites, or Profit b of any Office to any Person who shall have held such Office, in any Commission or Appointment of any Person succeeding to such Office, or to any Agreement, Contract, Bond, or other Assurance made for feeuring such Reservation, Charge, or Payment 1 Provided always, that the Amount of such Reservation, Charge, or Payment, and the Circumstancea and Reasons under which the same shall have beta permitted, shall he dated in the Commission, Patent, Warrant, or lnflrument of Appointment of the Person so succeeding to and holding such Office, and paying or securing such Money as aforesaid.

XII.*And whereas the Parliament of Ireland never enacted any Provisions similar to those contained in the said recited Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of King Edward the Sixth: And whereas it hath always been customary in the Appointment of the Masters and Six Clerks, and First and Second Examiners of the Court of Chancery in Ireland, to allow the having and receiving of Money, or other valuable Consideration for thafe*Appointments; and although it may be fit and proper that the said Custom should be abolished, yet it is rea- (enable that the ieverat and respective Persons who now hold the said Offices should be permit ted.to dispose of the fame in like Manner as hath been heretofore done Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Masters and Six Clerks, and First and Second Examiner or any of them, save and exerpt George Ellis Esquirr, one of the Masters of the said Court, ) so to proceed touching the Disposition and Appointment of their said Offices respectively, in such and the like Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, aa hath been heretofore accudomed $ but that from and after the Death, Resignatioct, or Removal of each of them; and the actual Appointment of any Person in the Stead of the Persons so dying, rtfigning, or being removed, the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Act and of this Act shall bs applicable and shall be applied to the said respectm Offices in the said Courtst Chancery in Irtkmd.

Exeeptfonasm Puirbafe or Sals of certain Office* in the Palace, at Coro (mflions in the Army the regulated Prices, and authorized Regimental Agents acting WtUioul Fee*

Officers in Arta? giving more than1 regulated Prices*, or paying Agents for negociating, shall forfeit their Coin millions, and becafhieeedj, their Commissions be (old; Half of the Produce (not exceeding 5001.) to the Informer, See.

Exception aa to Office* evtytatf

in former A and Office* legally Datable, &c«

Saving of lawful Deputa-t'toai and Payment* out of the Fees.

Exception as to annual Payment! out of the Fees, to any Person formerly holding,; the Office.

Exception as tw> Maflrr*, Sue Clerk*, and Examiner* of the C hancery »tt Ireland, tiM afterr the Death, &c«. of tU<- present

Possessbw*-

963

punishment of M.id( uinu<>n> in Scotland.

Offrnres ifomtninctlbrwul shall be tried in Kin, "'* Bench, under 42 Ci. J. c.

Co-nro^nrement of the Act in eenuin Places abroad.

; ioG.n, e. no.

§ i. as to Amount of Augmentation of Salaries ot C4uef Baron, ami jniiine Judges, repealed*

Thm Salaries augmented, viz. Chief Baron to .looool. eai h i>uirue Jtid^caml Baron 4#oo(.

In what Manner

the Half-yearly Payment ih\U i>e computed.

Annual Sum of 40l. to the Second Jud^e iif Court of King's Bench lur Charge to

C. 126, 127. 49° GEORGII III. A.D. 1809.

XfH. Provided always; sod be it enacted, Tbtt every Person who shall commit, in Scotland, any Offence against this Act, which by the Provisions of the fame is constituted a Misdeameanour, shall be liable to be punished by Fine and Imprisonment, or by the one or the other of such Punishmenta as the Judge or Judges before whom such Offender snail be tried and convicted may direct.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all Offences committed against the Provisions of the said recited Act and this Act, by any Governor, Lieutenant Governors, or Person having the chief Command, Civil or Military, in any of His Majesty's Dominion*, Colonies, or Plantations, or hid or their Secretary or Secretaries, may and shall be prosecuted and enquired of and beard and determined in His Majesty's Comt of King's Bench at lViJUh\nsler % in like Manner as any C'irne, Off: nee, or Misdemeanor committed by any Person holding a publick Employ merit abroad, may be prosecuted and enquired of under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, sin /Id for the trying and punishing in Great Britain Per font holding publick Employments, for Offences committed abroad { and for extending the Provisions of an Act Qafjcd tfi the Twenty first Year of the Reign of King James, made for the Ease of Juflicts and others in pleading in Suits brought against them, to all Persons either in or out of this Kingdom, authorised to commit to fife Custody.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in the said recited Act or this Act contained ffnll extend or be construed to extend to Gibraltar, Malta, or any Place or Places in the Mediterranean, until Three Months; or to any of His Majesty* Dominions, Colonies, or Plantations in America or the West Indies, until Four Months j or to the Cape of Good Hopet the Island of Saint Helena, or any Part of Africa, until Six Months 5 or to any of His Majesty's Dominions in the East Indies or beyond the Cape of Good Hope % until Twtlvc Months, after the passing of this Act.

CAP. CXXVII.

An Act for further augmenting the Salaries of certain of the Judges of the Courts in Westminster Hally and of the Chief and Second Justice of Chtjlery and JuRices of the Great Sessions in Walts.

[2oth June 1809.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

an Act was passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An

V\ Act for the Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts in Weltminilcr-Hall, and a!jo of the 1 Lords of SeJfton % Lords Commissteners of JuJlici ary, and Barons of Exchequer in Scotland, and for enabling Hit-

Majesty to grant Annuities to Persons in certain Offices in the said Courts of Westrr.itifter-Hall, on their Refgnation of their respective Offices: And Whereas it is expedient that a further Augmentation should be made in the

Salaries and Profits of the Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer, the Puisne Judges in the Court of King's

Bench, the Puisne Judges of the Court of Common P eas, and the Barons of the Coif in the Gmrt of

Exchequer at Westminster, and also in the Salaries and Profits of the Chief Justice of Chester, the Second Justice of Chester, and the Justices of Great Sessions for the Counties in Wales 5 we your Majesty's most dutiful

and loyal Subjtfts, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament afferabled* 4 do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's rood Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said recited Act as relates to the Amounts of the Sums to be issued in Augmentation of their respective Salaries to the Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer, to the Puisne Justices in the Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas, and to the Baron* of the Coif in the Court of Exchequer, shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, there shall be issued, paid, ind payable out of, and charged and chargeable upon the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, (after paying and referring sufficient to pay all such Sum and Sums of Money as have been directed by any fprmer Act or Acts of Parliament, to be paidtiut of the fame, but with Preference to all other Payments which shall or may be hereafter charged upon or payable out of the said Fund)to the several Persons herein after mentioned, as an Augmentation of their respective Salaries so much Money as will make up their respective Salaries and pecuniary J'rofh* belonging to their said respective office3 to the annual Sums herein after mentioned, to the Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer, Five thousand Pounds, and to each of the Puisne Justices of the Comts of King'* Bench and Common Pleas, and to each of the Barons of the Coif in the Court of Exchequer, Four thousand Pounds.

III. And be it further enacted, That in whatever Sums the whole Amount which shall have been received, or were payable to any of the Persons before mentioned in respect of their said Offices within the Half-Year preceding the Delivery of any such Account as is directed by the said recited Act, shall be left than the dear Sum of Two thousand five hundred Pounds in respect of the said Chief Baron, or of Two Thousand pound* in respect of the said Puisne Judges and Barons of the said Courts, shall be the Suras to be issued for the Half Year in which the said Account shall be delivered, and shall be computed and ascertained so as to make up the whole of thrir respective Salaries and pecuniary Profits to the Half-yearly Sums resptftivtly before mentioned, and such Sums shall be issued accordingly in Manner herein after mentioned, and as if the Sums so to be ascertained had been specifically mentioned in this Act.

IV.*And Whereas by the said recited Act it is directed that an Account shall be delivered Half-yearly by the said Puisne Justices to the Commissioners of the Treasury of all Fees, Salaries, and Pecuniary Profits, received or payable to them in resptft of their Offices for the preceding Half Year: And Whereas by Writ of

Privy Seal granted in the Second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, reciting that a Reward of Forty

Pounds per Annum at the Rate of Ten Pounds m every Term had long face been assigned to the Second

; 4 Judge

A.D. 1809.

49

GEORGII III.

.127, 128. 969

Judge of the Court of Xing's Bench, in respect of his Labour and Trouble in giving the Charge to the Grand

Jury, and pronouncing Judgement in the said Court against M-Ma&orp, it was directed, that re gular Payment should be made of the aforesaid termly Allowance of Ten Pounds to the said Second Judge of the said Court

for the Time bting, in respect of his Pai» s a-d Service above-mentioned: And wherra9 Doubts have bet*.

entertained whether the said Allowance of Forty Pounds vras iuttnded to be included in the Half-yearly 1 Account of Salary, Fees, and pecuniary Profits, to be delivered in to the Commissioners of the Treasury by the said Second Judge of the said Court of King's B-nch under the said recited Act j* Be it therefore enacted and declared, That the said termly Allowance of Forty Pounds is not nor wns intended to be included in the said Haif-yc2rly Account to be delivered as aforesaid, by the said Second Judge of the said Court of King* Bench, nor in the Eftirrate of Silary, Fees, and pecuniary Promts, up 'n which the Amount of the Sums to be issued from Time to Time to the said Second Judge under the said recited Act and this Act was or is to be computed.

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the py.fT'nj'of this Act, there shall be aTo issued, paid, and payable out of and charged and chargeable upon the said Consolidated Fund, after paying and rtferving sufficient to pay all such Sum and Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the fame, but with Preference to all othrr Payments which shall or mry be hereafter charged upon or payable out of the said Fund, to the several Persons herein after mentioned, in Augmentation of their respective Salaries and Profits, and over and above any Sums of M mey to which they may be enntled under any Act now in force, the several annual Sums herein after mentioned j that is to say, to the Chief Jidtice of Ckef/er* and to the Second Justice of Chifler, and to each of the Justices of the Great Scfli ns for the Counties of IPahs, the Sum of Four Hundred Pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said several Sums of Money to be issued in pursuance r f this Act, shall from Time to Time from thenceforth, be payable and paid Half-yearly, fntand char from all Taxes and DedudV'ons whatsoever, (except the Duly charged by an Act passed in the F- rty-sixth Year of the Reign of H'S present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty during the present IVar, anil until the Sixth Day of April next after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of peace, further additional Rates and Dut'nsin Great B itam, on the Rates and Duties on Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trailer, and Offices; and for repealing an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repealing certain Parts of an Act made in the Forts third Tear of Ills prefnl Majesty, for granting a Contribution on the Profits arising from Properly. Profssions. Trades, anil Of fees t and to cor.foTidate and render more effectual the Provijiops for coileftinj the said Duties, ) on the Tenth Day of October and the Fifth Day of April ?n each Year, by even and equal Portions; the Fuft Payment thereupon to be marie on the Tenth Dav of October One thousand eight hundred and nine, and the said several Sunns of Money shall be paid in the same Manner, and under and fucjvct to the like Rules and Regulations, (aa far as the same are apphc^hle) as are prescribed in the said recited Act for the Payment of the several Sums of Money therein diredect to be paid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act, and all Clauses, Provisions, Rule?, Regulations, Matters, and Thuigs therein contained (so far as the same are applicable and are not hereby altered) shall be in force, and be applied to carry into Llfect the Purposes oi this Act.

the Grand Jury &c. not be included in Halt — ye-irly Account rri)uir*d under 39 G. 3. c. 110. §2.

Augmentation of tool, to the Salaries of the Justices of Chester, and of the Great Sr(f>*ns for the Counties of Wales.

Salaries shall be paid Hall-\finlv, clear ol all'l avs, except hrc'jx riy Tax, under 40 G. a. c. i»j. areordiny to Hegulutioi s of 39 G. 3. c. 109.

Pow ers of recited A 4 extended to this Acti,

cap cxxvm.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, and for applying certain Monies therein-mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and nine; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted hi this Session of Parliament.

[20th June 1809.]

§ 1. II.

III.

IV.

4, 000, 000 0 0

2-757>3.i2 3 41

5, 000, 000 0 0

19, 000, 000 0 0

Out of Surplus of British Consolidated Fund. Surplus of Ways and Means for 1808.

Part of the Sum of 20, 000, 000l.

4S G. 3. c. 148.

granted by From the following Duties, viz*

Additional Customs under Additional Excise Duties on Property Additional Customs Additional Duties on Property Additional Excise on Tobacco, &c. Additional Cnlloma Additional Duties on Property Additional Excise on Brandy 47 G. 3 Customs - - - 48 G, 3

Ditto - - - 49 G* 3

70.

81.

44 O.3. 4j G. 3. 46 G, 3,

e.

43 C-3-.

- c.

- f. I 22.

53-I5- 39*

- c. 42.

- c. 65.

C.Jj. I. C. 27

c. 26.

(. 98. J

Granted to make good the Supply for Service 1 of Great Britain for 1809.

49 Geo. III.

6 I

V. The

C. 128.

49° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1809.

§ V. The following Sums, viz.

Produce of Malt and Pension Act, not exceeding

1

£. 3, 000 000

VI.

10.500.000 1, 500, 000 6, 000, 000

14.600.000

lotteries

3.000. 000 19 000, 000

5.000. 000

2»7 57>352

4, 000 000

49 0 3.

Exchequer Bills Ditto -

Ditto

Loan (after deducing 3, 000 oooo/. remitted to Ireland and 600, 000l. to the Prince Regent of Portugal (Deducing OnC'third for Ireland) o Exchequer Bills -

o out of War Taxes (granted above See § IV.) o (granted above, § I'll.)

4i (granted above, § II )

o out of Consolidated Fund (See $ I.)

The following Sums, viz.

3, 000, 000 o o U'»rt °[^cox.inp into

Loa") the lrijk

(Annuitiei and Trea.)I

furyBnU). 1 Act

3-

52-

o

o

o

3

o

VA ppropriated to the Uft* after exprefiVd.

Sec § VIL, Siz.

Shire of Lotteries 1, 250, 000 o o

49 Geo. 3.

500, 000 o o "VII. Application, viz.

*9; 5784^7 13 9

5, 126, 500 o o

(Teafury Bills)

94

; 8.

79

Appropriated to the Ufcl after eXDrrflrd.

Sec § XXII., &c.

VIII.

4>985»50°

5>-95»5°3

591, 500

*1, 408, 457

2, 296, 03a

3.000. 000

314.000

506.000 50, 000

5, oco

3.000. 000

o

o

o

13

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

IX. 300, 000 o

X. 400, 000 o

XI. 300, 000 a

XII. 600, 000 o

XIII. 21*144, 770 10

7>382>3786

o

o

o

o

8

11

29: 321 10 o

3, 048, 647 19 933i654 449, 649

6 10

3*'/96

25 7*/1*

7 9

1 33

222, 263 8 3

*1, 304 16 10

for the Navy Services following, viz. for Wages of 130, 000 Men,

including 31, 400 Marines)at per their Victualling - / Man

Wear and Tear of Ships f per Ordnance for Sea Service I Month,

Ordinary of the Navy inclading Half pay.

Building, and re building Ships of War Extra.

Hire ot Transpotts.

Sick and Wounded Seamen at home and Abroad. Prisoners of War in Health at Home and i\broad, / Ditto Sick. ... - I

to form a Compassionate Lift for Navy and Marines. _J For the Service of Great Britain,* to enable His Majesty to afford Assistance to the Emperor of«Jlujlria, and to the People of Spain and Portugal, J. and to take such Measures as the Exigences of 1 Affairs may require." - - - 3

For Exigences for Ireland.

Engagements with His Sicilian Majesty.

Advanced to the King of Sweden.

Loan to the Prince Regent of Portugal.

For the Land Service following, viz. for Land Forces at Home and Abroad (except in the East Indies and Foreign Corps, and except embodied Militia.).-

for Five Troops of Dragoons, and Fifteen Companies of Foot for recruiting the Corps serving in India*-

for the embodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland, and Corps of Marines.

Charge of Foreign Corps for Service of Great Britain and Ireland.

for General and Staff Officers and Hospital Officers, and Garrisons at Home and Abroad.

Supernumerary Officers of the Forces, rincipal Officers of Publick Departments in Great Britain and Ireland, and Exchequer Fees, on account of Half-pay to reduced Officers of L*nd Forces, including British American Forces, and Scotch Brigade, fee.

For Military Allowances to Ditto.

1

For 13 Months.

For the Year 180;

Out of all or any of the Aids or Supplies aforesaid.

For 1809.

\ From25fh Dec. tScS, I to 25th Dec. 1809.

Went and (

For the Year iSc. 9.

XIII.

A.D. 1809.

49° GEORGII III.

C. 128.

1

From 25th Dec. 1808, to 25th Dec. 1809. For the Year 1809. From 25th Dec. 1808, to 25th Dec. 1809.

For the Year 1809.

479.857

aJS>5°8'

22, 651911

1, 080, 000

44, 000

579»5<5j

4, 260

215429

3, 000, 000

o

o

o

o

7

o

XV.

XVI,

xvi i r.

XIX.

450, 366 12 159 14 59i»9U 6

34, 963 12 10, 500, 000 o

Prior to the Year 1805, For the Year 1808.

For the Year 1809.

For the Year 1809.

In 1807.

In j8o3.

For the Year 1809.

In j8oS.

1, 500, 000 a a

XIII. £. 492, 412 16 8* Chelsea and Kilmainham In and Oat Penfloners and) continued. Expences of the Hospitals. - - J

49, 437 II 8 Widows' Pensions in Great Britain and Ireland.

1, 000, 820 o.* o Volunteer Corps in Great Britain and1

Ireland. -

1, 219, 803 o o Local Militia Forces in Great Britain

14, 972 12 II Allowances to Chaplains of the Forces.

115, 024 8 4 Medicines and Hospital Contigcnces.

*4t300 o o Compassionate Lift of Land Officer#' Children and

Widows not entitled to Pensions.

Barrack Department in Ireland.

for the Commissariat and Extra Forage of the Cavalry >rom 0 9

in Ireland... - to 25th .8=9.

Probable Expenditure of Commissary General'd'}

Office.

Probable Extraordinary Expenditure of ditto. [ Q

Probible Expenditure of Store-Keeper General's r For the Year 1009, Department. --- 1

Barrack Department in Great Britain. J

for examining Account of Barrack Department.

Army Extraordinaries.

Extraordinary Services of the Army in Great Britain. - - - f

XIV. 4, 073, 662 19 10 for Ordnance Office for Land Service for Greatly

Britain. - «-.j

1 Ditto, not provided for

Ditto.

5 For Ordnance Office in Ireland.

7 Ditto not provided for -

o To discharge out-(landing Exchequer Bills under

48 G. 3 '.7...

Ditto issued for the Service of 1808,

48 G. 7, : c. 54.

XVII. 5»°°Oi0O0 o o Ditto issued for the Service of 1808, and out-

handing.

6, oco, oooo o o Ditto. 48 G. 3. c. 114.

22, 166 1 9$ To make good Money issued by AdareiTes of House of Commons -

XX. Civil Establishments, vrz.

J 7, 360 o o Sierra Leone. - i -

8, 430 O o Upper Canada. - N

5, 500 o o New Brunswick. -

1 o, 105 o o Nova Scotia.

3, 100 o O Prince Edward's Island.

2^060 o o Cape Breton.

1, 985 o O Newfoundland.

3, 700 o O Bahama 1 Hands.

1, 030 o o Bermuda or Somers Island9,

6c O o o Dominica.

15, 134 10 New South Wales. - -4

23.000 o o British Forts in Africa.

16, 975 J7 4 Royal Military College 23, 33°92 R°yal Mil'tary Asylum, Chelsea.

47, 6 50 179Difcharb in or 5 per Cent. Annuities tinder 37 G. 3. c. 10

and 42 G. 3. c. 8.

13 215 19 6 Ditto -

160, 382 2 o French Clergy, Toulouse, Dutch, and Corsican Eaoi-")

grants. Saint Domingo Sufferers, and American Loyali ft a

55, 295 o o Employing Convict3 at Home.

3.000 o o Prosecutions relating to Coin.

31.700 o o Printing and Stationary for both Houses of Parliament

20.000 o o Law Charges.

*2, 000 o o Public Office Bowjlreel.

5 cco o o Fees on passing publick Accounts 7.497 11 2 Superintendance of Aliens

1, 500, 000 o o Imerett on Exchequer Bills.

*314715 0 Securing Docks, &c. at Portsmouth^ Z)</i«er, &c,

6 I 2

XXL

From

iff Jan. to 31st Dec. 1809.

For the Year 1809.

On 5th of April 1809. Oq 1 oth OS. 1809.

For the Year 1809.

97r

97 2

C. 128. 49° GEORGII III. A.D. 1809.

XXL

con! mm d.

£. iofoooo 50, 000

5j23

1 641

19 o

8, 423 13 2

22, 400 o o

-1

j- For Session 1809. °[ j- In Session 1808.

4x00

ic, oco

2, 154

345

5^5 1, 299

o

o

3

16

l9

4

9

Roads and Bridges in Scotland. For 1829

Making Inland Navigation from Eastern to Western'} por

Sea. -- - J '

Salaries to Officers of Houses of Lords and \

Commons,

Deficiency for printing Votes, Bills, &c. House of Commons.

Deficiency for Printing and Stationary for both 7 j Houses of Parliament. - .J

For printing Votes, Bills, &c. of House of I Durin, S, ffion l8 Commons. - -J b

For printingVol. 61. of the Joumalsof ihc Commons, In 1809,

F.r re-printing Journals, &c. of the House of? jg Commons.

For Stationary for Exchequer. - - For the Year 1809.

ni8c8.

1

219 14 o

439

1, 623

*.192

93

76

3

o

0

1

l3

3 409

745

x , 848

2, 3r5 3, 163 6, 172 14

3.000

175^oco

x3 278

I*55 0

3 0, 000 7, 639 9, ?oy

743

14.000

H

o

9

o

8

12

18

o

o

5

6 o

*7

6

12

o

8

0

5

n

6

2

1

o

o

4

3

o

-o

o

c

be

o

Jl

c

e

JfS

Horse Patrolc round the Metropolis, for One Year.

For Relief of Danijhr Settlements in Davis* Straights.

Thames Police Office London, for Plan of Security of Shipping.

For examining Accounts between East India)For Three Years, to Company and Government. - J 7th Sept. 180S.

Deputy Serjeant at Arms, House of Commons, for O.ic Year's House Rent.

Ft Index to the Rolls of Parliament.

For Index to Journals of the Peer*, from the jth of July 1805 to the 5th of July i8c8.

For ditto lince the 5th -of July 1808.

Bounty on British American Fiffi imported in WcJ! India Islands.

To Second Clerk Assistant of House of Com* 1

mnn for reimbursing Duty of 5l. per Cent. >For 1808. on his Allowance. -.3

Salaries to Officers of House of Commons for Siflion of t8c8.

Expences of Gmmiffinners of Military Inquiry under 45 G- 3. r.47*

For Articles sent to New South Wales.

For Payment of Bills on account of Convicts, dated 31st of Dec, iSo3.

Expences of National Vaccine Establishment.

Bills drawn from New South Walcs> for the Year 1809.

For Stores supplied to Commissary at Sydney, New South Wales.

Board of Agriculture.

Foreign and other secret Services.

Allowance to Poor of Saint Martin s in the Fields.

j- For the Year 1809.

6 ? Ifled out of ( Returns respecting Rrfidence of Clergy, o J Civil LIII. ( For Supplies for the Faro I Hands.

o To discharge Bills from New South Wales.

2 Brdish Museum, for general Purposes. o Protcllaut Dissenting Minrilers in England and!

Ireland, and French Refugees. J

o Ditto, Deficiency of Grant, in the Year i8c8. o Extra Contingencies of the Three Secretaries of 1 Sute.

Extra Messengers to Ditto.

For Conviction of Felons.

Royal Military Canal.

Bounties for Fish brought to London and Wefimmjler,

- For the Year 1809.

For the Year 1809.

- For the Year 1809.

Durine the Year 18: 9. For the Year 1809.

f Chairman of the Committee of the House of Lords, For the Year 1808. Serjeant at Arms to House of Lord, for Services during 1808.

Survey of Road« and Bridges in Scotland.

Returns respecting enforcing the residence of Clergy for Half \car ending 5th of January 1809.

To Officers for levying Tallies in the Exchequer, from 5th Jan. tSoJ to Sthjuly 1808.

Improvement of Streets Bear Westminster Hall.

Building a Mint on Tower Hill.

Corsican and Toulonefe Emigrants.

Allowances to retired Dutch Officers.

French Emigrants in 7rfo

To Dr. Cartwright for various Mechanical Inventions Building and Maintenance of Naval Asylum - J

For printing VoU. 36 and 37 of the Lords* Journals,

} For the Year 1809.

1

I

i

1

A.D. 1809.

XXI. £. 100, coo 0 0 f

continued. 4.500 0 0 1

5, 569 0 0

Irish Currency,

XXII. 340 0 0

240 0 0

200 0 0

2J° 0 0

200 0 0

200 0 0

150 0 0

200 0 0.

XXIII. 25, COO 0 0

1, 200 0 0

10, 500 0 0;

25, 000 0 0

2, 500 0 0

9: 4*9 18 0

C047 10 2

560 1 1 (

3-382 0 0

2 1 900 0 0

15.000 0 0

0 0

3.741 0 0

3 5 co 0 0

15 oco 0 0

XXIV. 10, 000 0 0 1

10, 000 0 0

5 coo 0 0

2 , CCO 0 0

2 >^49 0 0 1

21, 6co 0 0 1

XXV. 21.825 0 0

3*523 0 0

11, 781 0 0

1, 662 0 0

1.940 0 0

9.569 0 0

3*43 0 0

I 000 0 0

1*7 79 0 0

4 >5 5° 0 0

800 0 0.

500 0 0 :

4.576 0 0

8.973 0 0

26, 003 0 0

XXVI. Supplies shall be

XXVII. Ruics for reccivir

XXVIII. Application of C

49° GEORGII III.

To Commissioners of New Forest in the County of 7 South amt Ion* - -3

For Military Roads in North Britain.

C. 128.

For for Two Years. For the Year 1809.

In Ireland to 5 th Jan* 1809.

Accountant General for preparing publick Accounts for Session 1809.

His Deputy.

Examinator of Corn Bounties.

Inspect^r General of Imports and Exports preparing Account*.

Hia First. Clerk for extra Trouble.

Examinatorof Excise preparing Accounts.

His Assistant.

Clerk in Auditors of Exchequer Office preparing Accounts.

Civil Buildings.

Printing, &c. 250 Copies of the Acts,

49 G 3. - 7

Proclamations and Advertisementa in

Dublin Gazette. - - In 1reland\

Criminal Prosecutions.

Apprehending publick Offenders.

Non-conforming Miniller*.

Experce of Pratique in Dublin Port.

Gold Mine of Wicklow, from 5th Jan. 1809 to 31 (I Dec. 1809.

For Lottery Offices, for One Year ending 24th June 1809.

Printing and Disbursements for Secrc-) rT- — f-rti TQon

taries'Office and other publick Offices > In Ireland, 4'c.

in DublinCaftlt. - j t to 5th >». 1810.

Harbour of Howth, Works at, for One Year fn m 24th April 1809.

Further Printing and Stationary for Sc") errtaries* Office and other publick Office6 in Dublin Calllt*.

Support of Seceding Ministers from the 7 jn Ireland Synod of Ulster.

( Frcm qth Jan. iSog, 1 to 5th Jan, 1810.

4-"

Ireland.

Iccidents of the Treasury.

In Ireland.

f From 5th Jan 1829, t 10 5th Jan. iSio.

IF rem 25 th Alar. 1809, to 25th Mar. 1810. f For One Year ending 1 5 th Jan. 1810.

From 5th Jan. iSrif, / to 5th Jan, 1810.

J

ending 5th Jan 1810.

( Bribfl)) Allowances to Commissioners of Inquiry on Fees in publick Offices in Ireland, Sic.

(Irish) B'ard of First Fruits for building and J re-build'ng of Churches, &c.

Dublin Society for promoting Ilufhandry, &c.

Farming Society of Ireland.

Cork Institution.

Comrr.iffione s for making wide and convenient Streets in Dublin.

Trustees of the Linen Manufactures, for One Year.

Foundling Hospital in Dublin.

Hibernian Marine Society.

Hibernian School for Soldiers' Children.

Female Orphan House near Dublin.

Associatiou for discountenancing Vice, See.

Westmorland Lock Hospital.

House of Industry and Penitentiary.

Fever Hospital in Cork-street, Dublin*

Lying-in Hospital.

Completing Royal College of Surgeons.

Commissioners of charitable Donations.

Doctor St sevens9 B Hospital.

Sir Patrick Dunn's Hospital.

Roman Catholic Seminary.

Incorporated Society for promoting Engli/J)

Protestant Schools.

(From 5 th Jan. 1809, j to jih jan. 1810.

Officers.

3. c. 148.) to reduced

As in former Act*.

973

974

«<)C. 0. c. 10.

[St* § a.]

4MG. 3. r. 19.

0<'§ 3.J

40 G. J. c. 33.

Ko Mm in the L>ral Militia

fh.ill (.nliil into the rr«wiar Militia of any omny except that for which lie u enrolled*

C. 129. 49° GEORGII III. A.D. 1809.

CAP. CXXIX.

An Act to prevent the enllfting of Local Militia Men into the Regular Militia of any other County or Stewartry than the County or Stewartry to which they belong. [a1st June 1809.]

WHEREAS an Act paTcd in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed ini be last Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to ejlabiifh a permanent Local Militia For re* under certain RrJlridions> for the Defence of the Realm; And Wr. cress another Act passed in the prefect Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act paffulin the last Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to establish a permanent Local Militia Force in Scotland, under certain Restrictions , for tlx Defence of the Realm; And Whereas another Act passed in this Session of Parliament,

intituled, An Act for completing the Militia of Gre at Britain; And Whereas by the said Two first recited Acts, Persons enrolled to serve or serving in the Local Militia, arc allowed to enlist or enter into the regular Militia: And Wlitreas by the said last recited Act, the Commanding Officers of Militia are allowed to raise Men by Beat of l>um or otherwise, tn their rel'peftive Counties or Stewartries*. or adjoining Counties or Stewartrirs: And Whereas it i3 expedient to restrict the enlisting of Men from the Local Militia into any regular Militia, except the regular Militia of the County or Stewartry to which such Local Militia Men

belong: May it therefore pleate Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty* by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Person ballotted or enrolled to serve, or serving in the Local Militia, shall be enlified or enrolled, or shall be allowed to enlist into or to be enrolled in the regular Militia of any other County or Stewartry than the County or Stewartry for which the Local Militia Man shall be enrolled and serving, or any One of the Counties or Stewartries of which any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of regular Mditia shall be composed, if composed of Men enrolled in more than One County or Stewartry j any Thing in the said recited Acts* or either of them, to the contrary notwuhfhnding*.

LOCAL

A.D. 1809.

49° GEORGII IIt.

975

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED j OR PRINTED COPIES WHEREOF ARE DECLARED TO BE EVIDENCE.

FI. B.--- The Continuance offuck of the following dels as ere temporary wilt be k no run (where it it not expresly JlateJ) by referring to the following Lift, according to the corresponding Letter in the Title.

(a) For it Tears, life. [i. e. to the End of the next SeJfioeT\ from a Day named in the Act*

(5) For 2, 1 Years, Iffc. from the passing of the Act.

(c) For 21 Years, ifje. after the End of the Term under former Acts.

AH Acts in this Lift, not dtftinguished by the Lctlert (q.P.) are Publick Acts; to each of which is annexed a Clause in the Form Following:

u And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be u judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded/' {q. P.) Quasi.Publick Acts, i. e. Acts to each of which is annexed a Clavfe in the Form following:

of And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King's ir.oft Excellent €t Majesty, and a Copy thereof, so printed, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others/'

Cap.

AN Act for continuing the Term and Powers of several Acts passed for repairing the Harbour and Quay of Watchett, in the County of Somerset. [aid February 1809.]

[Ar forty Tears, &c. from the End of the Term under to G. 3. c. 24.J

Cap. ii.

An Act for amending an Act of the Forty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, for regulating certain Fisheries in the County of Cumberland, and other Places therein mentioned, so far as respects the Fishery in the River Derwent.

[13th March 1809.]

Cap. iii.

An Act for better enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Alerdeershire Canal Navigation to raise the ne-cissary Fund to complete the same.

[13th March 1809.]

Cap. iv.

An Act for more effectually improving the Streets, Lanes, and Publick Passages, in the Town of Gainsborough, in the County of Lincoln, and for laying a Duty on Coals*brought to the said Town to be sold.

£13 March 1809.]

[9 G, 3. c. 21. repealed in part.J

Cap. v.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Rotherham to Swinton, in the West Riding of the County of York. (a) [ijth March 1809.]

Cap. vi.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roid from Ashbourn to Sudlntry, and from Sudbury to Toxall Bridge, and from Hatton Moor to Tut bury, in the Counties of Derby and Stafford, and for making Two new Brandies of Road to communicate therewith. (c.) [13th March 1809.']

Cap. vii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His late and present Majesty. for reproring several Roads in the Couotie6 of Derby, Lcicesler, and Warwick. (c.) [13th March iSoy 3

Cap. viii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Rodcli/fe, and the Township af Ainfwrth, in the Parish of Middleton, in the County Palatine of Dam after, (q. P.)*[13th March

6 Ann. c. S.f*» 10 Ann. c. 14.

7 G. l. c. 24. 10 G. U. c. 24.

44 G. 3» C. x\r.

06 G» 3, c. 6S.

41 a. C. ki.

[n>«f Liice ]

0 G. 3. r. 7a«

27 G. l.7-

13 C 2. c. 4*. 21 G. : 1. u. 4»3.

976 C.ix-

-xviii.

4^° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1809.

28 G. 3. c. 101.

Cap. ix#

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Town ships of Wor ling ton and Winfcalcs, and Manor of Workington, in the Panfli of W$rlingt>7/i, in the County of Cumberland, (q. P.) [20th March 1809.]

[Alltfment in Satisfaction of Tithes, $ 17, 18 j

Cap. x.

4\ G. : 3.C. liv. An Act for amending so much of an Act of the Forty-first Year of His prtf* nt Majesty, for building and keeping in Repair the Pier at Sheerness, in the IHc of Sheppy, in the County of Kent, and for other Pi VpoU* therein-mentioned, as relates to the said Pier.

[24th March iSoy.J

IFormer Duties repealed, and new Duties granted.']

Cap. x:

An Act to continue the Term, and alter the Powers, of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Townrtvp of Saitney, in the County of Flint, to the Town of Flint, (c.)

[24th March 1309.]

4t So much of former Act as related to Statute Labour on the Road repealed: and all Persons by Law liable 4t to Statute-work shall be chargeable as heretofore/'

Cap. xii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Horsham to join the Turnpike Road lading to Guildford, with Two Branches therefrom, in the Counties ot Sussex and Surrey, (a) [: 4th March t'ioy.j

Cap. xiii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parities of Bcconocl, Braddocl, and Saint Winnow, in the County of Com-Wall. (q. P.)[24th March 1809.]

Cap. xiv.

An Act for more effectually repairing, improving, and keeping in Repair several Roads in the Counties of Brecon, Radnor, and Glarmorgan, and for making and maintaining Two new Branches of Road to communicate therewith, (u.) [30th March iSocj.j

Cap. xv.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His p'efent Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Carmarthen and Cardigan, so far as relates to the Id an Jove ry Dillrift and for amending certain other Roads communicating therewith, (c) [28th April 1809.]

Cap. xvi.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Acts of HU late and present Majesty, for repairing the Road between Ilocllfje in the County of Bedford jnd Stony Stratford in the County of Buckingham. (e)

[28th April 1809.]

Cap xvii.

An Act to enable the Brifol Pock Company to borrow a further Sum f Money for competing the Improvements of the Port and Harbour of Bristol, [28th April 1829 % ]

[Company empowered to raise 100, 000l. additional.]

Cap. xviii.

An Act for establishing and well-governing the Charitable Tnflitution called The Society of Stewards and Su/jcrilers for maintaining and educating Poor Orphans of Clergymen until of Age to be put Apprentice; and for incorporating such Society; and fur more effectually enabling them to carry on their charitable am! nfefut Designs. f2Sth April 1S 29 ]

WHEREAS in the Ytar One thousand feacn hundred and fort)*-nine, a Charitable Society was fornud for maintai: ing and educating poor Orphans, of both Sexes, of Clergymen of the Church of Fngfo.nJ, until of Age to be put Apprentice; and the said Society hath been supported by the vo'untary Subfcrrp'i ns and Donations of charitabje and well-dispo fed Persons, and a very great Number of such Orphans have hern received into the respective Schools of the said Charity, and maintained and educated by means of the Funds belonging thereto; and such Orphans have been inlirufted in the Doctrines of the Chiiltiau Religion as taught by the established Chvirch, and in Reading, Writing and Arithmetic, and the Girls also in Needlework and Houseriold Bufinrfs, and trained in Habits of Industry and Regularity: And Whereas Expeiience hath shewn that the said Charity hath been hitherto of considerable Advantage to the Ptibbck, and it is apprehended, that if countenanced and supported by the Laws of this Realm, and established upon a

permanent Footing, and veiled with Powers for better enabling the Subscribrrs thereto to carry mt*

Execution their charitable and useful Designs, the said Charity would be of much more extensive U'.c, avd of Hill greater Benefit and Advantage to the Publick: And Whereas the PurpoUs aforesaid cannot be etuefed wit out the Authority of Parliament May it therefore please Your most Excellent MjrUythat it nuy be enacted; and be it crafted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliaflacnt assembled, and by the Authority of

the

7 G. 3. c fio.

27 G 3. c. 75.

2 2 G. 3. c. 111. 44G.3.o.xxxviii.

29 G. 3. c. 101.

13 Ci. 2.e.9.

27 2.C. 2 1.

20G. 3. c. MJ.

43 C. 0. c. cxl. 4*> Ci. 3. c. x/.xv, 46 G. 3. e. Lx.

: W

A.D. 1809. 49° GEORGII III. C. xviii.977

the Tame, That from and after the passing of this Act, there be and shall be a Corporation to continue for Corporation ever, for clothing, maintaining, and edutating poor Orphans of Clergymen until of Age to be put Appren- rested for tice; and that His Royal Highness Frederick Duke of York Knight of the Most Noble Order of the oJ°dnng, mam-Garter, His Highness William Frederick Duke of Gloucester Knight of the Most Noble Order of the Garter, 7nuraiiiv"^or the Mod Revererdhia Grace Charles Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Right Honourable John Lord Eldon Orplunsot* Lord High Chancellor, the Honourable and Most Reverend his Grace Edward Venables Lord Arcnish; p of Ckn'yaun. York, [&c. &c.J together with any Person or Persons who hath or have paid, at one Time, c in the Comic of any one Year for the Use of the said Society, the Sum of Twenty-one Founds or more, or Ft any Time hereafter shall pay into the Hands of the Treasurer of the said Society for the Time being the Sum of Twer.ry-one Pounds, or such other Sum as the General Court herein after mentioned of th- I f id Society Ibftl from Time to Time appoint or prrfcnbe as a Life Governor's Subscription, or more, at one Tune, or in the Courh- of any one Year, for the U(e of the said Society, provided the fame be accepted by the Committee hn\in aft-r mentioned for the time bein2: of the said Society, shall be and are hereby appointed Governors of the said Society; and also every Person who hath paid, or at any Time hereafter shall pay into the Hands of such Treasurer the Yearly Sum of One Guinea, or such other Sum as the said General Court shall from Time to Time ?ppomt or prescribe as an Annual Governor's Subscription, or more, for the Use of the laU Society, providrd the fame be accepted by the fa; d Committee as aforesaid, shall, during such Time as they ilia! rciprc-t»vely continue to pay the same, and also every Person who shall he appointed by any General Court of the Governors of the said Society, shall be respectively Governors of the said Society; and the said Governors, and the President, Vice-Prtfideur, Treasurer, and Secretary of the said Corooratim for the Time b.ifg fnsll be and they are hereby declared and adjudged be to One body Corporate and Politick 111 Deed and in Law, by the Name of The Governors of the Society for clothing, maintaining, and educating poor Orphans of Clergymen of Conniuition of the Established Church, in that Pirt of the United Kingdom of Great Britain called England, until of Age the IWy*to be put Apprentice; and that by the fame Name they shall have perpetual Succedinn, and a Common Corporate.

Seal, with Power to change, alter, break, and make new the fame, when and as often as they shall judge the Common Seal. fame to be expedient; and that they and their Successors, by the some Name, may Cue and be fu<d, implead Powertofue. and be impleaded, unfwer and be answered unto, in all or any Court or Courts of Record and Places of Judicature w; thin this Kingdom; and that they and therr Successors, by the Name aforesaid, shall be able and capable in Law to have, hold, receive, enjoy, possess and retain, for the Ends and Purposes of this Act, and in Trull and for the Benefit of the fad Society, all such Sum and Sums of Mon-ry as have been paid, given, devised, or bequeathed, or shall at any Time or Times hereafter be paid, given, devifid or bequeathe d by any charitable or wtli-disposed Person or Persona.to and for the charitable Ends and Purposes in this Act mentioned; and that they and their Successors by the Name aforesaid, shall and may at any Time hereafter, without Power to Licence in Mortmain, purchase, take or receive, hold and enjoy any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any purchase, &c. Estate or Interest arising or derived out of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments for the Purposes of the said Land*

Charity.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Bc'dby Lord Bishop of London shall be and he is hereby Frcfident. appointed President of the fa; d Corporation; and that the said Clement Samuel Strong Esquire shall be and he is hereby appointed the Viee-President of the said Corporation; and that the said James Bvjh Esquire shall be Vice-President and he is hereby appointed Treasurer of the said Corporation; and that the said Reverend Edward Emlry shall Treasurer. be and he is hereby appointed Secretary of the said Corporation; and that the Moll Reverend hi* Gr*ce Senary. Charles Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, [5cc. &e.J together with the President, Vice-President, Treasurer, and Committee. Secretary of the said C rpnration for the Time bting, shall be and they are hereby appointed a Committee for transcfting and managing the Affairs of the said Corporation, any Five of whom shall be a Quorum; and the said President. Vice President, Treasurer, Secretary, ard Committee, shall continue until the lall Tuesday ifl the Month of February One thousand eight hundred and Ten and no longer, unless they shall be respectively re-elected to the said respective Offices; and the said President, or in his Absence the Vice-President, or the Treasurer or the Secretary, with any Seven or more of the other Members of the said Corporation, shall cnmpose a General C urt, and the first General Court shall be Holden on the lall Tuesday in the Month of GeneralComtk May next, at such House or Place as the said Committee shall appoint; and a General Court of the Members of the said Corpoiaci< n Ihdl be holden Four Times at the leall in tveiy Year; that is to fav, in the Months of February t Muy, slugujl, and November in every Year, and Notice of each such Genual Courts shall he given in one or more of the publick Newspapers published in the Cities of London and Wcjhnhijr Six Days at the leall before the Time so to be appointed for the bo'ding of every such Court; and whenever Ocelli oil shall require, a special General Court shall be holden by Order of the Committee, or the major Part of them present at any of their Monthly or other Meetings, upon the like Notice of such Special G moral Court being given Sx Days at the leall before the Time so to be appointed for the holding of the fame; and at the General Annual Court which shall beholden in the Month of February in each and every Year, a President, Vice-President, General Ceuit. Treasurer, Secretary, and Committee (crnfifling of Twenty of the Governors of the said Corporation) shall be e'efted fur the ensuing Year; and the Prtlident, Vice-Prifident, Treasurer, and Secretary of the said Corpo- pjM^: (, nof ration for the Time being, shall be Members of the said Committee, over and above such Twenty Governors so Officer*, to be elected; and they the said Prdi lent, Vice-President, Treasurer, and Secretary, or one of them, shall be present at every Committee acting under and by virtue oi the Authority of this Act; and the Governors of the said power of Corporation assemblecl at any General Court as aforesaid, or the major Part of them so assembled, such Number of Guumiucc t* Governors so to be assembled being not Jess than Seven of inch Governors shall and may delegate such Powers and Authority to the said Committee as they shall think nectflury for the more speedy, cafy, and tfLftual Execution of this Act; and that such Governors shall have full Power and Authority in the Name of the said Corporation) and on 49 Geo. III. 6 K their

Fower for fitoeml Couft

to contraA, &c.

Bye-Laws.

Power to alter ltyc Laws.

Present Truflcea

thal! transfer their Funds to the Corporation.

Treasurer shall receive, &. c.

Power to Committee and Treasurer to invest.

Application of the Divickud, JLc.

Death or Removal of Officers topj*niu othe )f»

Qaefliont to be

decided by

Votes.

V w'ancie* in C iinmitwe.

SvHof.lmafUr and Miftrcts, and (Menial Servant*.

Cxviii. 49° GEORGII III. A.D. 1809.

their Account to apply and dispose of the Monies and Funds already given, and which shall from Time to Time be contributed and given by any Person or Persons on account of the said Corporation, and all other Monies and Funds belonging or to belong to the said Corporation, to and for the Purposes aforesaid, and to, for, and on any other Purpose, Way, Matter or Thing relating to the said Corporation, and for the Benefit thereof, at their Discretion, and with and under their Common S*a). to enter into any Covenants and Contrail? for the Purpose* aforesaid, or for any other Purpose or Purposes for the better effecting and carrying on of the charitable Jiffs and Defigr.s aforesaid, and to do, manage, transact, and determine all such other Matters and Things as (halt to them or any Seven or more of them at any such Court, appear to be necessary, convenient, or proper for the efFfting and carrying on of the good Purposes aforesaid; and it dull be lawful for the Governors of the said Corporation in a General Court aff-tnbled, orhe major Part of them so assembied, but not lefa than Seven such Governors, to order and dispose of the Custody of the Odd Common Seal, and the Ufc and Application thereof, and to make, ordain, and confute such and so many Bye Laws, Constitutions, and Ordinances as to them, or the greatest Number of them then and there present, such Number of Governors so to be aifembitd being not less than Srveti such Governors, shall seem necessary and convenient, touching or in any wise concerning the Affairs and Business, and the better governing, regulating, ordering and managing of the said Corporation, and of the Officer-,Servants, and Persons employed in ana about the Affairs thereof, and of the Persons appling to be admitted ther'em, and for the auditing of the Accounts of the said Corporation; and the fame Bye-Laws, Con-llitutions and Ordinances so made to put in nfe and enforce accordingly; and at their Will and Pleasure from Time to Time to revoke* change, and alter the fame, or any Part of them; which said Bye-Laws, ConUiturion?, and Ordinances, which shall he so made, changed and altered, as aforesaid, shall be duly kept and observed, provided that the fame be not contrary or repugnant to the iStatutes, Ctiftnm?, or Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom called England: Provided nevertheless, that no such Byt-Law, Constitution, or Ordinance (hr.ll be binding or have any Force or Effect until the same shall have been agreed to and confirmed by the next (ucceeding General Court, whether Qjurterlv or Extraordinary; and that the fame Courie shall be observed in altering or repealing any such Bye-La a b, Constitutlons, or Ordinances.

III. And be it further enact-d, That all and every Person and Persons in whose Name or Names any Sum or Sums of Money, Srocks, Funds, Annuities, Mortgages, Securities for Money or other Effects whatsoever shall at the Time of passing this Act flani or be ftcured, the beneficial Intmft wherein respectively shall belong' to the said Society hereby incorporated, shall forthwith, after the pafing of the Act, trar, sfer a'ld assign the fame rcfotftivfty so and in such Manner as that the fame fit dl he vested in the Corpnia?ton by the Name, Style, and Title hertin-before mentioned and enacted; and that the Treasurer lor the Time being shall receive ail Re; ts, I (lues and Profits, Dividends, Interest and Produce of Stock*, Funds. Annuities, Mtrtgagrs and other Securities for Money, belonging to the said Corporation, and ah Subscriptiom, Donations, Bencfactions-and Legacies paid, given, or btquealUed thereto, as the lame or any of them shall from Time to Time become due and payable, in the Name and for and on behalf of the said Corporation; and that the Receipt of the said' Treasurer for the Time being, the fame being first duly stamped anj given by him as for and in the Name oL the said Corporation, shall be a sufficient Discharge for the fame respectively.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Treasurer for the Tim? being of the said Corporation, and he is hereby authorized and required from Time to Time, by and wi: h the Confrnt and-Approbation of the Committee thereof for the Time being, or the m?jor Part of such Committee-present at any of their Meetings, toby out and invest ali or ary such Sum or Sums of Money as have or hath been g»ven, deviled or bequeathed, or shall at any Time or Times hereafter be psid. given, devised or bequeathed by any charitable or wtll-disposed Person or Person?, to and for the charitable E- dr, Intents, and Purposes in this Act mentioned, or any Part thereof, in any of the Publick Funds, in the Nime of the said Corporation, rfthtr than and except such and so much thereof as shall be requisite for immediate Ex'gcncies and Expenditures.

V. And be it further enacted and delared. That the R-nts, Iflfues and Profits. Dividends, Interest and Annual Proceeds, which shall from Time to Time arifr from the Funds and Securities belonging or which (hill at any Time belong to the said Corporation, shall from Time to Time be applied to and for the Ulef, Ends, Intents, and Purposes in this Act mentioned, and to cr for no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case of the Death or Resignation of the President or of the V ce-President, or Treasurer or Secretary of the said Corporation, forrhe Time bung, it shall be lawful for the Governors of the said Corporation, at any General Court, nr the nwjor Part of them then and there present, such General Court to confilt of not le(s than Seven such Governors, to nominate and appoint a President, Vice- President, Treasurer, or Secretary, in the Room of the President, Vice-Presidrnt, Treascrtr or Secretary, so decensed or having resigned.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Qurftions upon the Proceedings of the said Corporation at any General Court or Committee shall be decided by Vote; and »n case of an Equality of Voices, the Prriident or Chairman shall have, in addition to his own Vote, the rafting Vote.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Governors of the said Corporation at a General Court, or the major Part of them present at such General Court, but such General Court to consist of not less than Seven such Governors, shall have Power from Time to Time and at all Times to fill up any Vacancy or Vacancies in the Committee; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Committee, so to be appointed, or any Five or more of them, at any Monthly or other Meeting, from Time to Time and all Times to appoint such Person or Persons as they shall think fit to be Schoolmaster and Schoolmistress, and Menial Servants to the said Corporation, and from Time to Time to suspend or remove them respectively, and appoint others in case of

8 Death

A.D. 1809. 49° GEORGII III. C. xviii.

Death or such Suspension or Removal; and miy out of the Monies to be received under and by virtue of and for the Purposes of this Act, make such Allowances to all Officers, Servants, and other IVrfons so to be appointed as to them shall appear reasonable and proper; and all and ever)' such Offictrs, Mailer and Miilrcfs, Servants, and other Pcifon3 of every Defcnpt'on, fhoil from Time to Time (when thereunto rtquirrd by the said Committee or any Five or more of them) make and render to the said Committee or any l7: ve or more of of them, a true, exndt, and perfrd Account in Writing under their respective Hande, of a, l Furniture, Goods, and Chattels belonging to the said Corporation, which (haL from Time to Time be in their iJfe cr Custody, and of all Monies which he, she, or they and every of them respectively shall to that Time have received, paid, and di/bursed by virtue of this Act, or by reason of their respective Offi.es and Services; and in case any Money so received shall remain in their or any of their Hands, the same shall be paid to the said Committee or any Five or more of them, or to such Person or Perons as they shall appoint to receive the same; and in case any such Officer or other Person shall not make and render, or shall refulc to verify any such Accounts, or to make any such Payment as aforesaid, and to deliver up all Goods, Books, Papers, and other Things in his cr her Care or Custody, then any Two or more Justices of the Peace for such County ?s any One of the Schools of the said Corporation shall f. r the True being be situated in, ill all and may, upon C nr.plaint to them, make Enquiry of and concerning such Default in a summary Way (a? well by Conftflion of the Parties themselve-s as by the ]Testimony' of One or more credible Witness or Witneife9 upon Oath or Affirmation, which Oath or Affirmation the said Julbcea are hereby empowered and required to administer), and such Justices shall be empowered, if they shall judge tit, to commit the Party or Parties so off.-nding as aforesaid to the Common Gaol of such County as the said School shall for the Time being be situated in, there to remain, without Bail or Mainpr.ze, until, he, she or they shall have made a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he, she or they shall have compounded and agreed with the said C immirtce or any F.ve or more of them, and have paid such Composition Money, which Composition the said Committee or any Five or more of them are hereby empowered to make: Provided always, that no Person or Persons, who shall be committed as aforesaid, shall be detained in Prison for a longer Space of Time than Six Calendar Mon: hs.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That at the General Annual Court to be holden in every Year, by virtue of this Act, the Governors of the said Corporation then prrfent shall e!c6t and appoint Twenty* two of the Governors of the said Corporation, not b.ing Members of the Committee for the Time being, to be Auditors of the Accounts of the said Corporation, and that such Auditors or any Five or more of them shall at lead One Week previous to the General Annual Court to be holden by virtue of this Act, or oftentr if they shall see Occasion, meet and audit, examine and pass the Accounts and Vouchers of the Treasurer (or the Time being; at which Meeting of Auditors to the said Corporation, the President, the Vrce-Prdident, the Treasurer, and the Secretary, for the Time being, any or either of them, shall have Liberty to be present.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Treasurer to the said Corporat'on for the Time being shall pay over all the Monies remaining in his Hands, and transfer all or any Funds which may ar any Time be (landing in his N*me as Treasurer as aforesaid, to the Treasurer immediately succeeding him, on Demand by such succeeding Treasurer, with the Authority of the said Committee or any Five or more of them, or of the General Court at which such succeeding Treasurer shall be eh ftrd or appointed, and shall deliver over to such succeeding Treasurer all Books of Account, Muniments, Deeds, Vouchers, Securities, and Papers belonging to the said Corporation.

XI. And be it fun lie.* enacted, That if any Statement or Matter contained in any Certificate or Declaration,h ch the Committee of the said Corporation for the Time being, or any Five or more of them prefer.t atany of their Monthly or other Meetings, shall or may be required to be made and subsetibed, previous to and for the Purpose of the Admission of any Orphan into any School of the said Corporation, according to the Rules of the said Corporation, shall be found to be false or untrue, that then the Admission of every Orphan under such false Certificate or Declaration shall be and is hereby declared to be void, and the Orphan so admitted shall be returned to his or her Mother or Friends, unless the Governors of the said Corporation at any General Court shall think fit to continue the said Orphan or Orphans in the said Charity.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any A6linn shall be brought or Suit commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, or in relation to the Premises or any of them, every such Ailion or Suit shall be laid or brought within Twelve Calendar Months next after the Fa6l shall be committed, and shall be Uid or brought in the County of Middlesex or the City of London and not else where; ai d the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and g ve this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the fame shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall not be brought within the Time before limited, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or fufftr a Discontinuance of his, her, or their Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff ©^Plaintiffs, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiff*, the Defendant or defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Colls in other Cases by Law.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judge*, Justices and other*, without being specially pleaded.

979

Ofibers and Servants shall account.

Power 10 Justices inquire and conlmit, <cc.

A pjvM ntwent df Auditor*.

Trea farer

]'avail Monies t# the succeeding Treasurer,

False

Certificate*.

limitation ftf Actio n«.

11 Months.

Treble Cost

[Publick Act.]

6 K*

CA*.

980 C»xix, xx

A.D. 1809.

14 0. 2. c. 19. 30 G 2. c. 3 i. 30G. c 1'-'9.

Powers of 33 G. 0. c. 50. (Irilli Act) applied to ihi*

Act.

Elcfiion of a Treasurer In hrturt.

Treasurer Chall vter into Recognizance with feumics.

far^i'an rf 'J rk^fi.rrr iJ.all

void, Uhl'ls JSr.rPiiPS make the A.*iciavit rebuilt J.

49° GEORGII III.

Cap. xix.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of His late and prefer.t Majesty, for rep*\irtpg the Road from Wakefield to Halifax, in the Wtfl Riding of the County of York, (a) [28th April 1809.]

Cap. xx.

An Act to alter and amend an Act of the Pdiliamtni of Ireland passed in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act ref pc ding the Collection of public!: Money to be levied in ike County of the City of Dublin by Ptrf fitment \ and for the better Regulation of the Mode of E'cdion and Oliiee of Treasurer of the publick Money of the City of Dublin.

[28th April 1809.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, ir.tituitd,

An Act rrfpeeling the Coifed ton of Publick Money to be levied in the County of the City of Dublin by Pres ntment: And Whereas certain Powers and Authorities were given to the Grand Juries for the County of the City of Dublin for making Prclentmert- of Money for publick Services, ar.cl lor reguLting their several

Offices: And WTeress tut Provisions of the Lid recited Act. have b-en found inefficient. for the PurpoLs 4 thereby intended, and it is necessary that the fame should be altered, tnlarged- and amended, and further and better Provisi-Mt made for those Purposes: May it therefore please Your Mnjrfty, that it may be enacted/nd be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act, and all and every the Clauses, Powers. Authorities, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things therein contained, slave and except such Parts thereof as are altered, varied, or repealed, ) (bail be, and the lame is and are hereby declared to be as good, valid, and efl\ final for carrying this A iff into Execution, as if the fame had been repeated and re-ciucled in the Body of this present Act.

" Acts of the Treasurer of the County of the City of Dublin, clecled under Irish Act 13 & 14 G. 3. c. iS.

" declared valid, and his ElefUon confirmed. $ 2.

III. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Treasurership of the said County of the City of Dublin shall be vacant either by the Death, Resignation, or Removal, or Dismission of the present or any fu ure Treasurer, the Lord Mayor of the said City for the Time being shall, within Twenty-one Days after f; ch Vacancy, convene the Board of Magistrates of the County of the Lid City of Dublin, to meet at the Stflioni Court in the said City between the Hours of Twelve in the Forenoon and Two in the Afternoon, and then and there, by the Majority of Votes of such Magistrates as shall be present, (notwithstanding any W?nt of Qualification mentioned in the said recited Act made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Rdgn of Hit present Majesty, ) shall proceed to elect a fit and Efficient Person to be Treasurer of the said City of Dublin \ and at such Meeting the said Lord Mayor, or in his Absence the senior Magistrate present, shall prdide as Chairman, and shall take the Votes of the ocher Magistratts, and shall not himitlf give his Vote except in ede of Equality of Voices: Provided always, tb.3t no Magistrate shall be allowed to vote in any such Ehdhon who shall be a Candidate for such Treasurership: And provided always, that no Person who fiiali at any Time hereafter be eltdled Treasurer of the County of the Lid City of Dublin dull be capable of serving in the ft id Office, unless he shall, immediately rfter his Election, in optn Court, enter into a Recognizance, before the Chairman of the Meeting at which he shall have been so defied Treasurer, and any other Magistrate present at such Election, (which Recognizance such Chairman and Magistrate shall, and they are hereby empowered and required to take.) in the Sum of Five thousand Pounds, and shall procure Two or more sufficient Securities at the fane Time, to enter into a Recognizance cich in a Sum equal to One Half of the Sum in which Inch Trraiur-r {hill bind himself; the Condition of which Recognizance shall be, that such Treasurer shall jullly and truly account in Manmrsnd Form, and at the Times by this Act or the said recited Act of the 'Fl irty-third Year o the Reign of H»s piefent Majesty required, or to be required by a y Law in force and tfftCf, ard that he /huh at all Times* juffly and tru y pzv and account for all Money wh*ch he shall have received as Treasurer, and thiit he find duly and ta th ui'.y ddcharge the Duties of his said Office in every Respetf and that he, his HrTr?, Executors, and A Imurftraror', shall and will, upon hi* Death, Removal, Diimiffal, or Resignation, drhver to his Succvir*r Ire!: Balarce ol Monty as shall app.-ar to be in his Hand*, or shall be due by him, and all Bocks, Papers, Asti 4avt: , and Accounts cicpofited with b.im, or kept by h: m as Treasurer of the County of the Lid City of Dublin

IV. And be it fur'h-r enaflrd hv the Authority aforesaid, Thai in case each of such Securities at the Foot of such R tngr.i2a.1ce /hah not prove to the Suiisfrflion of such Cnairman and Magifln.te, and make AffiJivit th.ereof before Sucl; Charman and Magdtiate, (who are hereby empowered to take the fame, ) that he is rral'y and lend side worth the Sun nurtioned in his said Recognizance, over ami above ail his j tiff D.bts, and exclusive of 3:; y Pioptrty of winch he is Tenant for Life only, then, and »n every inch Case, such Election shall be null and void, and the M : giff rates for the County of the said City of Dublin shall on the next Day, and at the fame P ace, ai.d between the fame Hours, proceed in iikc Manner to (deft a proper and suffici nt Person to be Treasurer, and in case at any Meeting for the Eh<ff on of a Treasurer, no tuflkie^t Person should of Lr hrn.ftlt to he choffn, or in case the Frrfon so chosen /houid not comply and perform all and singular the iLq: ii.us herein dirt£Ld, to he performed on the Prt of such Person, then the Lid Magistrates shall attend on the Monday next ensuing the Time hereby directed for holding such Election, and in ca/e no Treasurer shall he clulcn at Inch Assembly, thm on the Monday following, and so on upon every fucciffive Monday until a Treasurer shall he elctted, who shall he capable of ierving in the faii OfTice, and perform the Requires aforesaid; and every Rcc< gniz3: KC taken as afottsaid shall be de.ivered by the Chairman to the Clerk of the Peace* who is required

to

981

to atterd every such Afletnbly, and such Recr'gr'zance shall he by him derofiied and duly entered m H's

Majesty, '» Court oI Exchequer, as Toon alter as he conveniently can enter the ffme: And in or Ur thr rrore

effectually to oblige every Treasurer, during his Continuance in Office, to k*"p up a Food cud fiifhcient Secuvry, be it further enacted by the Authority afmela»d, Ttiat the Judges of the C 'uU ot King* lLrch (h.iii tr^ay, jU(j Ps of if required by the Grand Jury, or if the Lid Court shall otherwise find (Tiff mu Cuih. examine the Trndurtr, the Court of or any other P<.rfon or Persons in open Court upon Oath, touching t v F.xiHcncc at d Property of Ids Sureties, KirjrV Ikiuh

or touching any Act rtla'ive to his laid Office of Treasurer, and if the IVd Court fh?.i! firm any Reason to appre- fr'11, 1 vxanjmc

bend that either or both of his Sureties are dead or insufficient. then, and in tvery inch Caff, the said Court shall and is htreby required to cause such Treasurer to procure another Surety or Surctirs in his or their Room, and ATeounts^iStc* if such Treasurer shall refofe to be examined, or to an! wer upon Oith, or ro procure another Surety or Sureties, who shall enter into Recognizance, and make the Affidavit by tni- AH required, or on any other li.ffuiuit Cause appearing to the said Court, then, and in any of the C ft af.rtfmd. tre fai l Court shall, and is hereby required to ditmifs the said Treasurer from his Office, and to cause such Dtfrr. ffi m to be entered in the Crown Book, and likewise in the Bark of Entry of the Treasur-r's Account, -, to be kfpt by tie G-rk of t he Crown; and another Treasurer shall thereupon he tried!cd by the M:; r» Urates or lire f»id County of the City ol Dublin in Manner aforesaid, and such Treasurer shall be fiffjeft to the i; kc Ruffs, R- guffuot s. P r.affies-, and Foiftiiurcs, as the Treasurer in whose Room or Stead he ilia>1 be so cledrrd, a; d 10 totirs ninth's whenever such Office of Treasurer for ttae County of the said Cuy of Dublin shall become vacant.

Persons shall be reimbursed Monies expended by theiii in executing any Preffnt-rent before the Bankruptcy of M the late Treasurer. §3 Every Preferment before the late Treasurer (Iopt Payment, and not in Execution,

(hah b: itruck out of the Qutre Book. J 6.

VII.*And Whereas it is necessary to commence Suits for the Recovery of the Pubffk Money in the Name or Names of the Treasurer or Colic d\ irs of the fa: d Cuy, or in the Names of other P r'ons, ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any such Su; t or Suits, Action or A Amur shall have bten Grand Juries

commenced, or shall hereafter be commenced, prosecuted, or defended by the Order and Directions of any empowered to

Gra"d Jury lor the County of the said City of Dublin, under the Powers in this or any Law or Statute in Force Pri'u, u Colls of

or Effect, it shall and may be lawful for the several Grand Juries of the said County of the said City, at Easter ^tecTb ^hdr

or Michaelmas Term, to present such Colls as shall be awarded agaii-fl them, or any, or either of them, in whose Orrtrs/

Name or Names any such Suit or Suits, Action or Actions shall be commenced, ptoltcuted, or defended, and

their and each of their resptdlive Goods Chattels, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments shall not be liable

thereto, but they and each of them shall for ever be freed, exonerated and discharged from the fams and that it

shall not be lawful for them, or any of them, his or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to dif-

continue, release, or bar any Action or Suit so commenced, or hereafter to be commenced in their or his

Name or Names for the Purposes aforesaid, without the Concurrence, Order, and Direction of the said

Geard Juries.

VIII.*And Whereas the Sums now by I.aw presented for the Treasurer of the publick Money, and

' Secretary to the Grar d Juries, are very inadequate to the Duties of the said Officers; Be it therefore enacted, Grand Juries by the Authority aforesaid, That it (had and may be lawful for the Grand Juries of the said City of Dublin at empowered each Easter and Michaelmas Term to present any Sum of Money not exceeding the Sum of One hundred and Allowances for fifty Pounds for the Treaiirer, and any S-mn not exceeding thr Sum of Seventy-five Pounds lor the Secretary, Treasurer ami which Sums shall be in lieu of the Sums heretofore prHVnted under the Authority of the said recited Act made Secretary, in the Thirty-third Year of the Ilrign of His present Majesty for the Treasurer and Secretary.

IX.*And Whereas it would teiri to facilitate tee R-.covery from thr Colic (flora and their Securities of the

Publick Money received by such Co'icdtors, and unaccounted ff, r by them, if the Recognizances which are'

entered into by them and judged in the Town C.erk's Office of the frd City, were returned into His Majesty's

Court ot Ki* tps Bench, by a more summary M »dc tha that at present used; Be it therefore ena&.d, by the Authority afoiehnd, That wh- never it may bt tound riecrffiiry to sue upon any such Recognizance, it shall and Tom* Clerk may be ffwlul to a'd for the Town Clerk of the fi d City, and he is h-.rtby required, upon Notice given to him frail lodge Rc* for that Purpose'by the Secretary of the Term Grard Jury for the Time being, forthwith to lodge such Recog- cognizance* of mzance or Recognizances in the Office of the Prothcnoror 10 IT is Majesty's Court of King's Bench, who is protbonoiorV*hereby dirtCtt d to receive ana keep the fame among! the Records of the said Court, and it shall not be necessary Q^ce#

to lffne any Certiorari or otfnr Writ for ttie Purpose of removing such Recognizances, and that immediately upon such Removal the said Secretary of the Grand Jury shall proceed to sue tticreon, as if the fame had been du'y retained by virtue of any Certiorari or other W nt what foe ver.

iX.*And Whereas a great Diifimlty has atilen in providing for the Publick Creditors, by reason of the respective Churchwardens refuting to re-applot the insolvent uncoiltfded Arrears of former Warrants\* Be it

therefore enacted, by the Authori'v aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the several Churchwardens in Gr.irchiranleni the respective Parishes in the County of the said City of Dublin, and they are hereby required to re*applot such frail re-spplot insolvent uncolleded Arrears of former Warrants, and also to attend the rtfptdive Term Grand Juries upon receiving Twenty.four Hours' Notice in Writing, to be delivered to him or them, or left at his or their last or atteD<j UieTera usual Place or Places of Abode, so to do, in order to be examined by such respective Grand Juries, touching the Grand June# applotting of the Publick Money, and that in default of their not so re-applotting or attending the said respective upon Notice, &* Grand Juries when so required, upon Affidavit thereof it shall and may be lawful for the Court of King's Bench, upon Application of the said resptdlive Grand Juries, to fine every such Churchwarden so offending in any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, such Fine to be recovered by Warrant of Distrefe, signed by any Judge of the said Court of King's Bench, and by Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Churchwarden or Churchwardens, and

g such

gtta

' Co'lrfloti n.^u j)^v Mimics colleCU*! l»V ihcin wc« Uy to l/nlimr.

Treasurer on the fiilt Day of Term shall make Oath of J'ay ments into the iVttuk.

Form of Drafts j under ret ited A<Sfc

aa G. a. c. 5ft. tnd under A cl

4; (i. 3. it. 2. c. lxxiv. altered, and matle payable to Order.

Furnu '

'Grand Jury may present Sums for IVledicine, tkc. ufrd in the

Pnibhl.

'Apothccary'i Account may be laid future Dire^dori of Apothecaries* .Hull.

Grand Jury shall present (AMUpenfutiun to Apothecary.

C. xx, 490 GEORGII IIt A.D. 1809.

such Fine, when recovered, shall go to, and he applied by the Governors of the Hof pit1 and F/ec School of

Kine Charles the Second, in Oxmanloven Grant commonly called the Blue Cent 11'fpUaJ,

XI. And be it further enacted, by the Authority afore fail, Toat the several Collector* prefeNtrd and appointed by the refoedive Grand Juries, t: > coh& the Pnbbrk Moiuy of th.e County of the fad City of Dublin, (hdl on Saturday in each and every Week between the Hours of Ten in the Forcno n, and Two in the Afternoon, pay to the Treasurer of the Puhhek Money such Sum as each and every of them (hoi hav- co i d-1 during the Cud Week, taking a Receipt in Writing for the fame, which the Treahirtr of the l\ib!; ck Money >s hereby required to give to each such CMltdor, for such Sums as he shall so pav in; and that n or bef re the

Monday next following, the Treasurer of the Publick M>kcV shall pay into the Bank of frrl tui to the C^dit of the County of the said C'.ty of Dublin, ah such Sum* as he fh«Ji have received from the icvcr.il Collect >rs during the preceding Week, taking a Receipt in Writing for the fame, which the prrp r Officer of the fed .Bink is her. by required to give; and each ai d every such Colirdor shall rn each Saturday mah* Oath bt'fwc the Lord M^.yor, or any Justice of the Peace of the said City of Dublin, (which O th they are hereby >uthutiU.i to adrniniilcr.) that the M nics so p id by him 10 the Treasurer of the Publick Money, w< re the lull Amount of the Monies received by him during that Wcik. and in case any CoIIedor shall omit or refuh to comply herewith, and to piy in the Money as d-reded by this Act. then an i in every Inch Cate he or his Securities shall for every such OlFnce forfeit and pay the Sum of FFty Pounds , to be recovered j0 a summary W- v on Cr.npFmt to the Court of King's B. nch, and levied by Warrant of U'.trcfs and Sale of the GwOvls and Chatter of inch Colitdor as aforesaid, and go to and be aop led to the IJF of the IV.ue-Coat Hospita, as herein beio: e nrteutioi cd, and every such CoIIedor so offending dull also be removed from h*s said Office of CoIIedor,

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Th*t the Fid Treasurer <; f thf Publick Morey (hill on the first fitting I )ay o* each Term, make Oath before one of the Judge* of the Court of King* li n4, that he did on or befur- itie Monday p<y into t!: e Bark of Jr.land the hviral Sums whien he received each Week from the said several Collectors as directed by this Act.

XIII.*And Whereas \t would tend much to the Regularity of ihr Publick Accounts if the Drafts on the

Bank of Ireland should be made payable to Order, instead ol being made payable to Bearer, in Manner directed by an Act made in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of Hi- present Majesty, intituled, An Act for improving and rendering more commodious such Part of the County and County of the City of D jb, in as is fituale on the South Side of the River Anna Liss.y. and ll'e/I of His Majesty's C-fie of Dublin, and for the Appointment of an JpJpeCur of the Presentments and other AccovtUs of the County of the City of Dublin; D*. it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Form of the Drafts as d'r«.d: d by the said recued Ad of the Thirty-third Yiar of the Rtijn of His present Majesty, and also by the said rcciled Ad made in the Forty*seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall be alt"red, and instead 0*reof the Inspector cf Publick Accounts shall, on the lait Dsv of each Term, as dirt£Ld by the said recited Act of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Mjeffy, produce to the Grand Jury engraver. Drafts in the Form following, payable to the Persons who lwore to the Expenditure of the Money, and whose Accounts were showed, or to whom Money was presented

1 to belaid, and which was allowed by the Coart;

ki To the Governors and Company of the Bank of Ireland:

Pay to or Order, the Sum of

€( which place to the Account of the County of the City of Dubdm.

44 ----- Foreman of Term, 1S0

44 - Inspector of City Accounts.

<« ----- Tieafutrr P. M. County City of Dublind*

any Thing in the said recited Acts or either of them to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XIV. 1 And Whereas the Sum which the Grand Jury of the County of the City of of Dublin row enabled

4 to present for Medicine and Necclfaries for the d ffv*ient Prhonsin the i*id City, is found to be total y inadequate to provide for fame / Be it therefore enacted, by the Authority afordatj. That the Grand Jury of the County of the City of Dublin shall and may present such Sum or Sums of Money For Medicine and NectlFrits as shall be Ordered by the Pnyftcian and Surgeon attending such Pnion«, and which the Apoth cary to the said Pr.'fona> shall make appear by his Affidavit, in which Affidavit the said Apothecary flub iwtar that he had faithfully and honellly expended, and that such Medicines and KTtct(Dries were of the btft (guilty, and wire the uhial Charge* at which Medicine* and NectfTiries of the fame Quality were charged within the Uid City, and that tr.e fame w'ere ordered by the Physician attending such Prison before they were fupoiied: Provided neverthelefa

that the Sums presented for such Medicines and Necessaries shall not in any Year exceed the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

XV. 4 And for the better Protection of the Pubuck against Imposition in the Characs made by the said Apothecary for such Medicines; Be it further eni&rd, by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Grai^d Juries for the County of the said City of Dublin may, when they think fit, or the Court of King's Bench, if the same shall appear to them proper, order such Account to be bud before the Governor and DinAor* of Apothecaries* Haht to be taxed by the said Governor and Directors, which they are hereby authorized and required to do; and that the said Grand Jury shall have Power to present for the Expence incurred by such Examination.

XVI. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Ap thecary shall bring forward at each presenting Term Two separate and diltwct Presentments, one for Medicine and the other for NccefDries, Hating the different Article* comprD.ed und^ r the latter Head; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Grand Jury at each presenting Term alter the passing of tbi* Ad, to present the Sum of Ten Pound* to be paid to the said Apothecary, a* a Compensation for his Trouble hi providing the said Nccefforics for the said PrifoD| and advancing hi* own Money for that Purpose.

XVII.

9»3

A.IX i8og. 490 GEORG IT III. C. xx — xxiii.

XVII. 4 And Whereas the Coroners of the County of the said City of Dublin are often obliged to hold*Inquests in Gaols and Prisons, and on the Banks of the River, and the Fees thereon are found to be a heavy Tax on the Parishes where such Gaols and Prisons are, and where the said River runs; Be it therefore cnaft.d, by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful Grmd June* for the Grand Jury of the County of the said City at the Court of King's Bench, to present such Snm9 of Aall present Money as they shall think necessary for all Inquests held in the said City, not exceedirg the Sum of Thirteen Shillings and Four-pence Sterling, for each, to be raised on the City at large, and pay the same to the Coroner ^loners!' or Coroners of the County of the said City of Dublin, for each and every Inquisition du»y taken by such Coroner or Coroners upon View of the Body lying within the County of the said City, as a Recompenrc for his or their Labour, Pains, and Charges in taking such Inquisition; and all such Sum or Sums of Money lo presented to and received by such Coroner or Coroners shall be taken and accepted by him and them in kcu of ad Fees or Sum3 of Money which he or they shall have been accustomed to receive or demand as aforesaid.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Coltcftor, Deputy Collector, No; ice of Goods Constable, or other Person empowered to collect the Publick Money under the said recited Act made in the tak*-n »n Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, or either of them, shall take any DMrefs j7

upon the Premises of any Person refuting to pay his or her Proportion of the Publick Cfts, such Collector, e P° UP*

Deputy Collector, Constable, or P.rfon empowered to collect, taking such Dhfrefs, shall pftl a Notice in

Writing by him signed, on the ufnal Place of Notices being polled in the Parish where such D.itreL was taken,

sett'ng forth, that upon the Seventh Day fallowing he will fell such Diitress by publick Cant at that Place; and

it shall be lawful for such Person who. rook such Distress there to fell it to the bdl Bidder, and after deducting

the Amount of the Cess, and Oite Shilling and One Penny in the Pound for his Trouble in making such Distress,

and One Shilling and One Penny per Night for the Charge? gf keeping such Diltrtfs, in case a Ho fe, or any

Other Beall shall be distrained, he shall return the Overplus (if any) to the Person Ircm whom such Distress was

taken, and in C3<e any Person or Persons shall, at any Time hereafter, brin^ or cause to be brought any Replevin or Replevins, or any other Act'on at Law, whereby to prevent or obstrrft the levying of all or any Part of the

Publick Money under the said recited Act made in the Tn.rty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

and of this Act or either of than, then, and in every such Case, the Collector or Collectors, or his or their

Sureties, Callable or Constables, who shall diilrain for the fame, shall be enabled to avow, acknowledge,

justify, and defend such Tdk ng, by pleading, avowing, or making Cunnufance generally, that he took the Goods and Chattels iir the P.aint ffk Declaration mentioned, by virtue of such Act or of this Act, as the CTe

may be, for the Ccfs for which such D ibefs shall be made due and payable, and in Arrear, out of the Premises '

wher-on such Distress shall be made, which Ctfs was then and still remains due. without fu-ther fitting forth

any Proceedings hat under such Act or this Act, or setting forth speciaby the Warrant or Authority of such

Collector, or his Surety, or of such Constable r other Person so adltng under such Act or tins Act; and if the

Plaintiff or Plaintiff* in such Replevin, or the Person or Persons bringing or causing to be brought such Replevin

shall be nonsuited, or a vVrdidt shall be found, or Judgment on Demurrer shall pass against him, her, or them,

[Treble Costs.]

that then and in tli2t Case he, she, or they, shall pay

[Publick Act.]

" Cods of Aftmay be presented by Grand Jiiry. §19. §20.

Cap. xxi.

An Act for extending the Royalty of the City of Edinburgh; for disannexing Part of the P-irish of Saint See former A<tfs, Cuihbert's from the said Parish, and uniting it to the Parish of Saint Andrew \ for further regvilating the 7 G. 3. c. 27.

A(Teflrnent for the Pool in the said Parishes; for erecting Two new Churches; for disconttt.uirg certain JeG 3 c ii*3-Churches, and annexing the Parishes thereof to other Parishes; for further regulating the Revenues of the 27 q % 3* c. $i.*said City rppiicable to the Payment of Ministers* Stipends, and for draining the Meadow on the S^ulh Side of the said CV.y. [iSth April 1809.]

Cap. xxii.

An Act for explaining and amending an Act passed in the TMrty-first Year of His present Majesty, for the 31 G. 3. c. 87* better Maintenance and Support of the Poor of the Parish of Sunderland near the Sea, in the County Palatine-of Durham, and for increasing the Rates therein directed to be imposed. f^8th April 1SC9.J

Cap. xxiii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tram Road from the River Severn at the Quay in the City of Ghuccfler, to or near to a certain Gate in or near the Town of Cheltenham in the County of Gloucester, called1 The Knapp Tall Gate, with a collateral Branch to the Top of I+cckhampton Hill, in the Parish of Lcckhampton, in the Lid Coucty.

[28th April 1809.]

The Gloucester and Cheltenham Railway Company incorporated. §1.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully, maliciously, and to the Penalty onPe»--Prejudice of the said Undertaking, break, throw down, carnage, destroy, deal, or take away any Part of the said Railway or Tramroad or Collateral Branch, or other Works to be erected and made by virtue of this Act, or do any other wilful Hurt or Mfchief to obstruct, hinder, or prevent the carrying on, completing, supporting or \\oris> and maintaining the fame, every Person so offending and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be subject and Fek/, ike* -liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony j and the Court by and before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person to be punished in like Manner as Felons arc directed to be punished by the Laws or Statutes of this Realm, or ia Mitigation of such Puoishment*

such

See former Act, 46 G. 3. c. 123.

Pmalty on Persons destroying the Works, fcc. Felony, &c.

6 0. 3. c. 84.

13 G. 3. c. 110.

7 G. 3. c. 82.

2 7 G. 3. c. 86.

afi 3 c 67. 27 G. 3. «. 80.

Former Acts,

26 G. 2. c. 90.

27 G. 2 c. 27. 14 G. 3. c. 102.

Former AeU,

26 G. 2. c. 91# 12 G. 3. C. 83. 36 G. 3. C. 134. all repealed.

4iG. 3. c.xjLvdi

C. xxiii. — xxxii. 49° GEORGII III. A.D. 1809.

such Courts may, if they think fit, award such Sentence as the Law direct* in Cases of Petit Larceny, or otherwise every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted on the Oath of One credible Witness, before Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Gloucester, shall forfeit any Sim not left than Double the Value of the Damage proved on Oath to be done, at the Discretion of such Justices, such Penalty, together with reasonable Costs, to be levied by Dili refs and S*le of the Goods and Chattels of such Offenders, rendering the Overplus (if any) to such Offender, or such Offender (halt and may be committed to the Common Gaol for the said County of Gloucester, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, at the Discretion of such Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted; provided that nothing herein contained shall extend to aoy Owner of Land, or his or her known Agent or Agents, till Satisft&ion shall have been tendered as herein provided.

Cap. xxiv.

An Act for the further Improvement of the Harbour of Carnarvon in the County of Carnarvon, and for ether Purposes relating thereto.

[28th April 1809.]

\Former Duties repealed, and new D if ties granted.]

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who shall at any Time or Times hereafter wilfutly or designedly demolish, break down, or destroy any of the said Wet or Dry Docks, Piers, Quays, Wharfs, Warehouses, Buildings, Erections, or any of them, or any of the Works which shall be constructtd under this Act, or which shall belong to the said Harbour, or find wilfully nr designedly extinguish or put out any of the Lights ufrd in or belonging to the said Harbour for the Safety or Protection of the Ships or other VeiTeis resorting to the fame, shall be deemed guilty of Felony; and the Court by and before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried and con^ifted, (had have Power and Authority to cause such Person or Persons to be transported for the Term of Seven Years, or in Mitigation of Punishment may award Sentence of Fine or Imprisonment, at the Discretion of the Judge or Judges before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be tried and convtfted.

Cap. xxv.

An Act for better supplying the Inhabitants of the Town of Rochdale and the Neighbourhood thereof with Water, [28th April 1809.]

1 \The Company of Proprietors of the Rochdale Water Works incorporated. J

Cap. xxvi.

An Act to continue and amend Two Acts for repairing and widening the Road from the present Turnpike Road at Haverhill to Redcross in the Parish of Shelfurd in the County of Cambridge, (r) [281b April j S09 ]

Cap. xxvii.

An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein described, so far as th- fame relate to the Road from the Turnpike Road between the Town and County of Poole and Wiir.borne Minster in the County of Dorset, to the Turnp'ke Road between Blandford Forum and Dorchester in the County of Dorset. (a) [28th April 1809.]

Cap. xxvii?.

An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Kipping's Cross to Lamberhurst Pound and Pullen's Hill, w the County of Kent, and to Flimwell Vent in the County of Sifsex, and certain other Roads in the Lid Acts described. (r)

[28m April 18: 9.]

Cap. xxix.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the F»ft small Bridge or Culvert which croflVs the present Turnpike Road from Cheltenham to Gloucester, on the Gloucester Side of S.'avert on Bridge, to join the fame Turnpike Road in the Town of Cheltenham in the County of Giouajler. (4) [cSth April 1809.]

Cap. xxx.

An Act for maintaining and repairing the Road leading from the City of Glasgow, through CoivcadJens, to thet Part of the River of Kelvin called The Miltford of GarJ'eube. (b) [: Sib April 1809 ]

33 G. 3. c. 174. all repealed.

Cap. XXXt.

An Act for more tffcftually making and repairing the Great North Road leading from the North fjeen ferry in the County of Fife to the City of Perth, and to the Town of Dunfcimline. (1) L-'Sdi April 1809.]

Cap. xxxii.

An Act for altering an Act passed in the Forty-fifth Year of H»s present Majesty, for repairing Roads in the County of Ayr.

[2Juh April 1809.]

Cap.

A.D. 1809. 49° GEORGII III. xxxiii — xlv.

Cap. xxxiii.

An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of Three Acts passed in the Fourth Year of His late Majesty and the Sixth and Twenty dixth Year3 of His present Majesty, for repairing th- Road from Godstone in the County of Surrey, to High gate in the Parish of East Grinjlcad in the County of Sussex. (c)

£28th April 18c9.]

Cap. xxxiv.

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Acts for repairing the Road leading from Galley Corner adjoining to Enfield Chafe in the Parish of South Mims in the County of Middlesex, to Lemsford Mill in the Counry of Hertford, (a) [2Sih April 1809.]

Cap. xxxv.

An Act for allowing the Timber on Part of the settled Estates of Dame Jane St. John Mihlmay Widow, in the Comities of Fffix, Somerset, Dorset, and Southampton, to be cut down, and for applying the Moni-B thence arising it» the Purchaseot Ellate6 to be settled in Manner therein mentioned, (q. P.) [28th April 1809.]

Cap xxxvi.

An Act for repairing and armr-ding certain Roads in the County of Peebles, aiul for better regulating the Stahite Labour within the same, (b) [12th May 18-9.3

Cap. xxxvii. i: »G. 3 c. 71. 32 G. 3. c. 1

An Act for rendering mor? tfLft 11 al several Act for repairing the Turnpike and other High Ro; ms in ihe County of Edinburgh, and for repairing the Roads from the City of Edinburgh to the Town of Leith.

[12th May 1809.]

Cap. xxxviii. 25 G a. r 28. 29 G. 3. c. 105. usG. 0 c. xlv.

An Act for more effectually making and rtpa»ring the Road from Carlowrie Bridge on the River Almond, to Linlithgow Bridge on the R'ver Avon, and otr.er Roads in the County of Linlithgow, (b) [12th May 1809.]

Cap. xxxix.

An Act for more equally and eff ftually aff- fling and collecting the Poor Rates within the Parish of Saint Anne (commonly called Saint Anne Limehouse) in the County of Middlesex. filth May 1809.]

Cap. xl.

An Act for better assessing and colle-ftirg the Poor and other Rates in the Pufifli of Saint Nicholas, in the City of Rochfler, in the Cou.ity of Kent, and regulating the Poor thereof. [i2tn May 1809 ]

Cap. xli.

An Act for repealing an Act passed in the Twenty hrrh Year of Hi? present Majesty, for the Improvement of the River IVcar and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County Palatine of Durham, a* d for the more, effectual Prtfcrvation Bnd further Improvement of the fame River, Port, and Haven, (a) [12th May 1809 ]

[Customs, Tonnage, and LightHouse Duties, granted.]

Cap. xlii.

An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of the several Acts relating to the Stratford upon-Avon C trial Navigation. [l*th May 1809.]

Cap. xliii.

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act passed in the Fifteenth Year of His prclerit Man-fly. for draining and preserving certain Lands and Grounds in the Piriflusof Wisbech Saint Peter's and It'fiurh Saint Mary's, and in the Hamlets of Wisbech Murray* and IVifiech Guy him, in the Isle of ICy, and County of Cambridge.

[12th May 18 '9.]

Cap. xliv.

An Act for inclosing and draining Lands in the Parishes of Thurlton, Hadtlfcoe, and tThorpe nest lladdifcoc, in the County of Norfolk.

[12th May 1809.]

LV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons (hill wilfully and maliciously cut, break down, demolitti, or delhoy any Bank, Mill, Engine, Dam, Floodgate, Bridge, Sluice or Tunnel already umle. or which shall at any Time hereafter be imde or ertft d, supported. maintained or used for answering any of the Purposts of this Act, every Person so offending and being convicted thereof shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and the Court before whom such Person shall be tried and convict d shall have Power and Authority to cause inch Person or Persons to be transported for Stven Years, or in Mitigation of such Punishment may award such Sentence as the Law directs iu Cases of Petit Larceny.

985

4 O 2. e a.

G. 1. c. 5S.

2G G 3. c 3 47*

3 G. 2. c. 10. 17 G. 2. C. 1 1. IO G. 3 c. 7 1. j h G. 3. c. <jo.

Forty.rr A1

-2U G.

11 .» .

1

ing 2. c. -iG.: s <\ S'l.

2 iC.-i.it.l*' 4. Iu "J C.x

30 G. 0. C. 1

Former Arts; G l. r. -i. />r. in G. ). c u.

*0 G. 2. c. 18. 32 G 2 c. ha. >9i 1 C. 2h. all v jv olr^.

3)11. 3. c. i 12.

i.-, (, a.

19 it. .). h.

lb G .5 C.h'K

for «lo turning Wst'ks. Fii-nv, <kr.

Cap. xlv.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairng the Road from Harlow Bufb Common to Stump Croft, in the County of Effix. (£) [12th May 1809.]

49 Geo. III. 6 L

3 7 O 2, C 9.

9 G. a, >i.

J1 (i. 3. r 99.

c.

986 C.xlvi — lviii.

49° GEORGII III.

AJ). 1809#

7 G. 3. C. 68.

*8 G. 3. c. 115.

38 G 3. c. 98.

30 G. 3- r. 60. Ifi G. 3. c. 110. 39 G. 3. c.xxxiv.

11 Cm. 3. C. 99. 32 G. 3 C. 115.

Cap. xlvi.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts passed in the Seventh and Twenty-eighth Years of Hit

present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from the Bell Inn at NorthfeU, in the County of Worcester, to the Wootton Turnpike, in the great Turnpike Road from Slratford^upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, to Birmingham, in the same County, (r) [12th May 1809.]

Cap. xlvii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, foi widening and keeping in R pair the Road from the Town of Walsall to Hamjlcad Bridge, and other Roads therein mentioned, ail in the County of Stafford. (c) [12th May 1809.]

Cap. xlviii.

An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of several Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Dapdon Wharfs near Guide ford, through Guldeford, to /Ilfold Ban, in the County of Surrey. (a)

[12th May 1809.]

Cap. xlix.

An Act so- enlarging the Terra and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from

Haadcross to Hafield, and from Beeding to Horsham, in the Couoty of Suffix. (£) [ 12th May 1809.]

Cap. 1.

29 G. a c. 102. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from Teddington to the Turnpike Road between Evcfham and Perfhore, in the County of Worcester, and for making a new Piece of Road to communicate therewith, in the County of Gloucester. (a) [12th May 1809.]

Cap. li.

An Act for repairing, widening, and improving the Road leading from the Town of Rickmersworth, in the County of Hertford. through the Village of Pinner, by Harrow-on-the-Hill, in the County of Middlesex, to or near the Swan Publick House at Sudbury Common, in the Turnpike Road leading from Harrow to London. (h) [l2th May 1809.]

Cap. lii.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of so much of Two Acts for repairing the Road from the End of the County of Stafford, in the Post Road towards the City of Chester, through JVoore, in the Couniy of Salop, to Nantwich in the County of Chester, and from Nantwich to Tarporley, and from rhence through Earvin, in the said County of Chester, to the said Cty of Chester, and the Road from North wich to the Cross in Earvin aforesaid, as relates to the Second District of Roads comprized io the said Act; -. (b) [12th May 1809.]

Cap. Hit.

An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of an Act for repairing the Road from Blackburn to Burscough Bridge, in the County of Lancaster. (a) [12th May 1809.]

9 G. 3. c. 94.

28 G. 3. C. 111.

33 G. 3. C. 134.

7 G. 3 C.

90 G. 3.

103.

1 45.

6 O. 3. r 20 G; j.

93.

C 122.

*» G. 3 c 24 G. 3.

60. c. "6.

n G. 1. c. ni. 1? G. 2. c 19. 7 G 3 c 61 30 G 3. c. 140

Former 1 G.9r. 6 12 G 2 c. 16.

3 G 3 c. 47. ill G : j. r 134. all rtjH akd.

Cap. liv.

An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road trom the Town of Ecnterden to the several P.aces therein mentioned, in the County of Kent. (r)

[12th May 1809.]

Cap. lv.

An Act for continuing Two Act of the S'xth and Twenty sixth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing ievci al Roads hading from the Town of lVurehamt and in Pur beck, in the County of Dorset. (a)

[12th May 1809.]

Cap. iv:

An Act for continuing the Term ?nd enlarging the Powers of Two Act for repairing the Road frortt the South E d f Newton sibhJt to the Fattage Way in Kmgfwear, oppoike Clifton, Dartmouth, Hardness, and Other Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of Devon. (I) [l2th May 1809.]

Cap. Ivii.

An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of several Acts pnflVd for repairing the Road from Cranford Bridge, in the County of Middlesex. to that End of Maidenhead Bridge which lies in the County of Bucks and for amending the Road from Slough to a certain P; ace in Eton, and trom Langley Broom to Datchett Bridge, in the County of Buckingham, (a)'[i2th May 1809 j

Cop. lviii.

An Act for more cfFtftually repairing the Road from the Powder Mills on Hounslow Heath, ict the County of Middlesex, to the Twenty Mile Stone on Egham Hill, io the County of Surrey, (j) [utb May 1809 j

A.D. 1809.

49° GEORGII III.

C.lix — lxix.

987

Cap. lit.

An Act for vesting a Workhouse and Premises, situate in the City of Londonderry, in Trustees to be sold, and for applying the Purchase Money in building another School House, and for better regulating the fa^e. (q. P.)

[l2th May 1809.]

Cap. lx.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Kelfal, in the Parish of Tarvin, in the County Pdatine of Chester. (q. P.) [inh May 18c 9.]

Cup. Ixi.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Llati Trcwyn, Bodlowydd, and Bryn-cyivme, in the M*nor of Llandidan, in the Parish of Lland}Jan, in the County of Denbigh* (q. P*) [12th May 1 8cg j

An

Cap. lxii.

Act for inclosing Land9 in the Parishes of Bradwell, Belton, and Friilon, in the County of Suffolk, (n P )

[12th May iScr, J

Cap. Ixiii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Patiihes of Corton, Iloptcn, and Gorlcston, in the County of Suffolk. (q. P.)

[12th May 1809';

" No Lease of Allotments by the Vicar of Corton shall be valid without the Consent of the Ivag as Patron of u the Vicarage of Corton. §36.

Cap. lxiv.

An Act For inclosing Lands in the Parish of Great lEiuhingham, in the County of Norfolk, (q. P.)

[12th May 1809.]

Cap. Ixv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Simonburn, in the County of Northumberland, (q P.)

[I2tn May l$C<y.j

Cap. Ixvi.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Elton and IVinfler, in the Parish of Voulgreave, in the County of Derby. (q. P.) [12th May ibcy.j

" Allotment toHis Majesty a* Lord of the Wapentake of IVirlsworth, in Right of h; s Duchy of Lancaster, a*

41 an Equivalent fora certain Rent or Fee called Palfrey Silver, payable by the Inhabitants of .£7/0/?; and of other Rents, Quit Rents, and Fee Farm Rents payable to His Majesty. §1. 17. Allotments in lhu of " Tithes. §18. AJlotment to the King for his Right and interest in the Soil. $20. Extract of the Award

as to the King's Allotments shall be transmitted to the Ckrk of the Counctl of the Duchy of Lancaster. §33. t " ,

Cap. lxvii. '

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Barton-in the Clay, in the County of Bedford, (q. P )

[i2th Jllay 1809.]

K Allotment and Compensat'ons in Satisfaction of Tithes. §20. 22, 23. Leases of Allotment by the Rector u shall not be valid without Consent of the King as Patron. §39.

Cap. lxviii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Townftvp of Allerston, in the North R; ding of the County of York. (q. P.) ['12th May 1809.]

u Allotment to the King in Satisfaction of all Claims on the Common, as Owner of the Honour and Forest of u Pickering, in Right of his Duchy of Lancaster. §1. 16. 19.

Cap. lxix.

An Act for making Provision for such of the Sub.Registrars or Deputy Rrgiftrars of the High Court of Chancery as from Age or Infirmity shall be affl ftrd with permanent Dtfability, and be incapacitated for the due Execution of their Office; and for making further Provision for the Two Seniors of the said R^gittrarg, for the Clerks in the Rrgittrar's Office, for the Matter of the Report Office, and f >r providing additional Clerks in the Report Office of the said Court, and for making other Payments and Regulation? in respect of the said Offices. [: o h May 1809.]

WHEREAS by virtue of an Act of Parliament passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His 4 V f prritnt Majesty, intituled, An Act to empower the High Court of Chancery to lay out a further Sum of the 32 G. 3. c. 4J. 4 Suitors Money upon proper Securities, and for applying the Interest towards discharging the Expmccs of the Office of the Accountant General; and for building Offices for the Masters in Ordinary in Chancery, and apubiick Office for the 1 Suitors of the said Court, and Offices for the Secretaries of Bankrupts and Lunatic ks; and for building Repostones firfecuring the Title Deeds of the Suitors of the said Court, and the Records and Proceedings of the Commissioners of Bankrupts and Lunaticks; and of the several Acts in the said Act mentioned, divers Sums of Money have been*by virtue of the several Orders taken out of the common and general Cash belonging to the Suitors of the

6 L 2«High

988

C.lxix.

49° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1809.

fbf of tlte I'ivWU-iuU <; f tVr (nivnunnit S* > i-; «rri<(l ih few ul Aicvuius < t the Sailers of the t-buri of Chancery, th»tv ftull If p.ld 19 die Ri ^ntr.us ai d CU-ik* of the said Office, the Yearly I'avmrnta lol lowing.

Two Senior Sul»-Rrg'drars, 5 50'. Cifik*, MJol.

220I

165l.

I i Of.

5>J. T*v(> Entiling Clerks, 275l. J*'iKir additional Ckiks,

*220l.

1 ytd.

Util.

1 High Court of Chancery, wRich lay dead and unemployed in the Bank of England, and bate been placed k owt in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court, on Government or Parliamentary Securities, and such Government or Parliamentary Securities have beto, in pursuance of the said Act passed in the Thirty- second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, carried to an Account, intituled, Account of Montes placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, and out of the Dividends and Inttrdt

of tiic Securities purchaltd in nurfuanee of the said so veral Acts of Parliament, the several aorual Sums and Salaries and the several other Payments directed to be made, and to be paid, have been from Time to Time nude and paid; and the surplus Interest and annual Produce arising from the fold Securities, beyond what was 4 ii.ffi lent to answer the Purposes of the said several Acts, and also the In*ercft produced from the Securities

pun haled with such surplus Interest and annual Produce, have been from Time to Tnr.e, in pnrfuanre of the

laid !a!l mentioned Act, laid out in the Purchase of G vemnunt or Parliamentary Securities, in the Name of the Acc-.nnrant G-nrrrtl of the said Court, and placed to the Credit of an Account, intitu'ed, SIccouvt of Securities pttrehafed nvith ftrphts Inter eft, arising from Securities carried to an sic count of Monies placed out for the

Betti fit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery: And Whereas the Legislature h asimposed

on the Viler of the Reports and Certificates and Keeper thereof, and of all Books of Entries of a'l Orders and ' D.rrcts of the Otfi.c ot UeiMllrarof ti e said Court, and on the Sub or Deputy Regiffrars, the Performance 1 of important Duties, by rtafim whereof the Business of the said Regillrars and of the Report Office is grown very extensive and laborious, for which extraordinary Duties no F<.es are allowed or taken by ihc R^gillrar*

htyond their ancient and acculfomed Fees for drawing up and psfTng the Orders of the Court: And Whereas the l'Vej and Emoluments of the Two Seniors of the said Sub or Deputy Registrars of the said Court are not

adequate to the Attendance, Trouble, and Importance of their Offices, and to the Length of their Services;

And Whereas it would be for the Benefit of the Suitors of the said Court, that proper Provision should f.on 4 Time to Time be mr.de for such of the said Sub or Deputy Regillrars of the said Court as from A^e or Infirmity shall, in the Ju lament of the said Court, be incapacitated to perform the Duties of their respective Olfi : es*And Whereas the Fees and Allowances to which the Entering Clerks and the Clerks to the said Sub or Deputy Regiffrars are entitled (regard being had to the great Expiate ot paying Person* them in

1 diipatching the Business of the fnki Offfoe, and the great Increase lu the Price of the Neciffaries of L'fe and the Expence of Living), are inadequate to their Attendance and 'Trouble and the Duties requ'red of them;

ard h isrcasonable to provide yearly Allowances to the Entering Clerks, and to the Clerks of the said Sub or Deputy Reg'llrars of the said Court, in addition to the Fees and Allowances to which they are now entitled,

and also to provide additional Gerks in the Report Office, and Salaries for such additional Clerks; and also that Provision should be made for such other Payments and Expences incident to the said Office*, and that such

oilier Regulations Should be made as are herein after mentioned and contained: May it therefore please Your 4 M.ijei'y, that it may be enacted; and be it emft.d by the King* most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Adv.ce and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Common-, in this orefent Parliament tfsembled, ami by the Authority of the same, Ttiat out of the lnttreft and Dividends or the Government or Parliamentary Securities aforesaid, carried lo the said Account, intituled, Account of Inlertjl arising from Monies placed out for the Benefit ami better Security tf the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, anU out ot tnc Interest and Dividend*, of the Government or Parliamentary Securities carried to the said Account, intituled, Account of Securities purchased with Surplus Iuterfi arising from Securities carried to an Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors oj the High Court of Chancery, and out of the Interest and Dividends of any Government or P.ir.iamentary Securities hereafter to bt purchaltd and placed to the last-mentioned Account, there shall be paid (hut subject and without Prejudice to the Payment of all Salaries and Sums of Money by any Act or Asti of Parliament heretofore p.rifod, directed, or authorized to be paid thereout) by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, by virtue of any Order or Orders of the High Court ot Chancery to be made for that Purposr, by quntcrly Pay Tents, on the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth l)«y of July, and the Tenth Day of October in every Year, such)early Sums a6 after-mentioned, to the several Persons after-mentioned (that is to say): To the two Senior of the foiu Sub R^gitlrars or Deputy R-gillrars of the said Court for the Time being, the yearly Sum of Five hundred and fifty Pounds each; to the first Clerk in the said Regiltcr'i Office for the Time being, the yearly Sum of Three hundred and thirty Pounds; to the feccnd Clerk the yearly Sum of Two hundred and seventy-tive Pounds; to the third Clerk the yearly Sum of Two hundred and twenty Pounds; to the fourth Clctk the yearly Sum of One hundred and sixty five Pounds; to the filth and (ixtli Citrk^ the yearly Sum of One hundred and ten Pounds each; to the seventh and eighth Clerks the yearly Sum of Fifty-five Pounds each; and to each of the two Entering Clerks of the f.iid C »urt for the Time bring, the yearly Sum of Two hundred and fevrnty-five Pounds; and to four additional Clerks to be employed in the so.d Report Office for the Purposos above mentioned, and to be appointed by the Filer and Keeper of the so: d Reports and C- rtificates and Keeper of the said Books of Entries of the said Office for the Tune bring, the several yearly S .m3 herein after mentioned, (that is to say)*; to the* lirft of the fud Citrks, the yearly Sum of Three hundred and thirty Pounds; to the second of the said Clerks, tie yearly Sum of Two hundred and twenty Pounds; to the third of tl.e fa'd Clerks, the yearly Sum of One hundred and ninety-eight Pou«.ds; and to the fourth of the said Clerks, the yearly Sum or One hundred and thirty-two Pounds, and also a proportionable Part of Cuch quarterly Payment as (bill accrue due between the last quarterly Payment thereof, and the Time of the Death or other Removal of such several Registrars ai d Cletks; such feviral yeany Payments to be accepted and taken by such ftvtra' C erks, to the lain Sub or Deputy Regilirars, and by tht laid Entering Cluks, as a full C >mptr.latian and Satisfaction for such Expence> as ifny shall expend or be put unto for Persons to alfilt them in writing, and expediting the Buff tess of the ldid Ofti: e, and such Allowances and Payments to the said Cierkr> in the Report Offi: c to be a fuh C n.per.fation and Satndaft'on for their Labour and Attendance in the said Office} the first quarterly Payment of the kvergi Sums aiorcla d, to the several Pet tons aforesaid, to commence

A.D. 1809. 49° GEORGII III. C.lxix. 989

commence on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nine, and also such Sums as shall appear Chaticrlkr to the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Con mi (lion erg of the Great Stal for the Tim? being, to be order reasonable to order to be repaid or reimbursed to any of the said Sub or D puty Rrgiftrars, or their Clerkf, or the

Entering Clerks in the said Office, or the said Filer and Keeper of the said R porsand Certificates and Keener reii, ihwrfV-d^ of the said Books of Entries, as having been reasonably and necessmly expended by them, since the Fifth Day Kx^mcs hereof April One thousand eisrht hundred and four, either in paying Persons for affixing and carrying on and expediting tomre im-um-d the Bufmeffl of the said Office, or in paying for Books or Stationary provided or f-pplied for carrying on the said 1, 1 Business or in providing Coals and Candles other necessary Articles for their said Offices; ?nd also the die«r bufmHV; annual Sum of One hundred and ten Pounds, to be paid to the said Filer and Keeper of the said Reports and and also certaw Certificates, and Kreoer of the said Books and Entries, and to each of the Four said Sub or Drputv R^iltrars Varly Pkjim* of the said Court for the Time being, as a Compensation and in Satisffcdion for Expences to be incurred in* future in providing Books. Stationary, or Printing for inch Purpose as aforesaid, and in providing Coals and Smkmarr* Candles and other necessary Articl-s for tht ir said Offices, and in paying any Person or Persons necessarily aumdirg ( Caudle*, therein, to take care of the fame; iuen last mentioned annual Sums to be paid quarterly to the said Fdtr and tkc.

Keeper of the said R ports and Certificates and Keeper of the said Books and Entries, and the said four Sub or Deputy Registrars, and the first quarterly Payment thereof to commence and be computed from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nine.

II. And be it further enacted, by the Authority afon-said, That the aforesaid Eight Clerks to the said Sub Orks flmfl or Deputy Rrg'strars and each and every of them, Hull from Time to Time, as and when he or they apply at produce Cmi-the proper Offi: e in the Bank of England for Payment of the ftvrral yearly Sums herein-before p*ov^ded fioat?s ot haring and directed to be paid to them rdpeftivciy, produce a Certificate signed by the respective Sub or Deputy

Regittrar whose Clerk or Clerks he or they at such Time respectively may be, or in case of a Vacancy of Sub uffa.n

or Deputy Registrar, a Certificate signed by some other acting Sub or Deputy Registrar of the said Office for tjK, v

the Time being, that such Clerk hath diligently and faithfully in all Things performed ard fulfilled the Duty emitled to the

and Office of a Clerk to a Sub or Deputy Regifber, up to the Time specified in such Certificate, and by reason l\vmef ns hereby

thereof, is entitled to have and receive the yearly Sum or Payment herrby provided, up to the Time mentioned directed.

in inch Certificate; and in case the Sub or Deputy Registrar or any Sub or Deputy Rtgiftrar, shall decline or

refuie to sign such Certificate, such Chrk shall be at liberty to apply to the said Court of Chancery, by

Petition or otherwise, and the said Court {lull have fall Power and Authority to make such Order therein, as to

the said Court (hill appear to be expedient and just.

III. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any of the Four Sub or Deputy Chancellor Regiltiars of the said Court for the Time being (hill happen to be affli&ed with any permanent Infirmity, «mpowered to disabling him from the due Execution of his Office, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Chancellor of dtf|*

Great Britain, or the Lord Keeptr or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain f;^latit'auxi f.»r the Time being respectively, to remove from the Office of a Sub or Deputy Registrar of the said Court, any awi to 9

of the Four Sub or Deputy Registrars of the said Court, who shall in the Judgment of the Lord High Chan- certain A'l >»-cellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the Time amcs to iliem* being, be so afflicted, and by an Order or Orders of the Hish Court of Chancen, to be made from Time to Time when Occaf/on shall require, to order an Annuity or clear yearly Sum of Money, not exceeding Qnc thousand one hundred Pounds, to be paid out of the Dividends and Intcrrftof the Government or Parliamentary Securities, purchased or to be purchased as herein-before mentioned, to any Sub or Deputy Registrar or R giflrars, who shall be removed from the Ofii: e of a Registrar of the said Court, for such Cause aforesaid* in which Order or Orders the Cause cf makirg the same shall be distii.&iy (fated and specified, and the said Annuity or yearly Sam mentioned in such Order or Order* shall be paid by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England out of the Interest and Dividends of the said Government or Parliamentary Securities (but subject and without Prejudice as aforesaid) by even and equal quarterly Payment6, on the Fittb Day of January, the Fifth Day of Aprif9 the Fifth Day of July, and the Ttn*h Day of October in every Year, to such Sub or Deputy Registrar, from the Period when he shall be so removed from his said Office or Employment, for and during the Term of his natural Life, together with a proportionable Part thereof up 10 the Time of his Deceasc; and in the Room of such Sub or Deputy Registrar so incapacitated, some otlur able and fu/fijicnt Person shall be appointed to be Sub or Deputy Rtgiftarin the usual and accustomed Manner.

Expences of this Act shall be paid out of Imercll of Funds. §4.

V. And be it further enacted, That the surplus Interest and annual Produce which shall arise from the Surplus Audi' Money placed out on Securities, purliiant to the said Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of His prrfent placed to Majesty's Reign, and pursuant to the several Acts of Parliament therein and herein before mentioned or referred u'lors* tconot to, and which Securities are thereby direct^d to be carried to the Account of Monies plactd out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court »*f Chancery, and also the Interest which shall be produced from the Securities purchased and to be purchased with such surplus Interest beyond what shall be sufficient to answer the Purp jfcs of the said former Acts and the Purposes of this Act, shall from Time to Time be placed ont on Government or Parliamentary Securities, and shall be placed to the Credit of the said Account, raised in pursuance of the said Act of the Th rty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and intituled, discount of Securities purchased with surplus Interest, arifng from Securities carried to an Account of Monies placed-out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, and which Fund shill be applied to answer the Demands of the said Suitors of the said Court of Chancery, in case it shall at any Time be oecessary to call in any of the Monty of the said Suitors, which hath been or may be placed out on Securities

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, cr Lord Keeper or Lord Commissioner for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the Tunc being*

Frciiriiu's may 1st* cJwHjtif'1 l»v tho( iiam-cl!«*r,

M i.-v jn.iy bo t A t il in it*

Vi nnitvl, to anlWi llio jJ<*mati<U of

40G. 3. c. xcvii.

33 C». a. c. nr. 3b G. 3. c. xlvit.

34 G. 3. c. as. iiC G. 3. 93.

6 G 3. C Oti. 10 G 3. c. 10, ?.

13 Cl. 3.C. 20.

16 G. 3.C 32--

32 G. 2. c. 62. 10G. 3. c. 104.

Penalty for cl« Uroying Work*, Felony, &c.

20 G. 2. C 14.

no G. 2. c. : »s. 29G. 3. c.

13& 14 Car.2. r. 1 t. pr.

7 &tt\v.3.e.i4 13 G. 1, c. 34.

C.lxix — lxxix. 49° GEORGII III. A.D. 1809.

by any Order or Orders of the fa: d Court of Chancery, to change the Security cr Securities or any Part of the Securities pv.rchsfed or to be purchased pursuant to the several Acts of Parliament herein-befort mentioned or

rt'erred to, or purfiunt to this Act.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That for and notwithstanding any of the Provisions contained in this Act, if at any Time hereafter the whole or any Part of the Money placed out pur-luaut to the said several Acts of Parliament, or any of them, .shall be wanted to answer any of the Demands of the Suitors of the H*gh Court of Chancery, then and in such Case the said Court may and shall direct the whole or any Part thereof to be called in, and the Securities in which the same shall be placed, and also the Securities upon which me surplus Intcrdi and Dividends herein-before mentioned shall be placed, to be sold and disposed ot, in order that the Suitors of the said Court may at all Times be paid their rdpedive Demands out of the common and general Calli belonging to such Suitors.

" Public k Ad. §8.

Cap. Ixx.

An Act to amen and enlarge the Powers of an Act, pzfl-d in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, to enable the ffveral Persons therein named to dispose of the several Houses therein mentioned in London and Wejh.du/hr, by Lottery.

[20th May 1809.]

t( Truflers empowered to dispose of certain PremiseB for ioo, coo/. by Lottery, to be drawn before 25th March 1S1 1.

Cap. lxxi.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Stair, forth and Keadhy Canal Navigation to raise a further Sum of Money for the Discharge of their Debts, and to tini(h and complete the said Canal Navigation, and for amending the several Acts passed relative thereto. £zoth May 1809.]

Cap. ixxii.

An Act for amending, altering, and enla-ging, the Powers of the several Acts relating to the Warwick and Napt on Canal Navigation.

[20th May 1809.]

Cap. lxxii*.

An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of the several Acts passed for making a navigable Canal from the Trent to the Mcrjly, and other Canals connected therewith.

[20th May 1809.]

23 G. 3. C 30. — 07 G. 3. c. 36. — 3" G. 3. C. 81 — 42 G. 3 C. xxv.

Cap. lxxiv.

An Act for explaining and amending Two Acts for improving the Navigation of the River Clyde to the City of Glasgow.

[20th May 1809.]

" Duty on Coals continued to Sth July 1817.

XXII. And be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, after the passing of th*9 Ad, maliciously and wantonly demolish, break down, or set on Fire any of the Quays, Piers, Jetties, Breads, Abutments, Walls, or other Works made and conllrnded, or to be contlruded, in Terms of the said recited Acts, or of this Act, or any Ship or Vessel lying in the said Harbour or River, such Person so offending, on being thereof legally convicted, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and be transported for the Space of Seven Years.

Cap. lxxv.

An Act to enable the Justice6 of the Peace for the several Parts of Lind fey s Kesteven, and Holland\ constituting the Three D visions of the County of Lincoln, to provide a convenient House, with suitable Accommodations, for His Majesty's Judges at the Assizes for the said County. [?oth May (Sexy]

Cap. ixxvi.

An Act for regulating the Police of the Town and Liberties of Kinfate, and for the Regulation and Improve^ ment of the Port and Harbour of the said Town, and of the Fishents thereof, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

[20th May 1809.]

Cap. ixxvii.

An Act to continue the Term, and render more tfLdual, several Act* pnffed for opening, cleansing, repairing* and improving the Harbour ot Southwold, in the County of Suffolk. (h) [20th May 1829 ]

" Pier Dues granted on VtflMs.

Cap. lxxvii*.

An Act for amending several Acts for making navigable the Rivers Wye and Lugg. in the County of Hereford, and for making a Horse Towing Path on certain Parts of the Banks of the said River Wye.

[20th May 1809.]

Cap. lxxix.

An Act for better paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the several Streets, and other publick P kflages and Places, within the Town and Franchise of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein.

[20th May 1809.]

99i

A.D. 1809. 49° GEORGII III.

Cap. lxxx.

An Act for the better supplying the City of Dublin with Water.

[ Additional Duties granted.]

C.lxxx — lxxxvii.

[20th May 1809.3 C. 24. — 19 & 20G.3.(I)c. 13.]

Cap. lxxxi.

An Act to authorize the raising of Money to defray the Expences of erecting a Prison and publick Odices in the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick.

[20th May 1809.]

Cap. lxxxii.

An Act to revive and continue the Term and Powers of certain Acts, for widening and improving the Entrance into the City of London, near Temple Bar, for making a more commodious Street at Snow Hill, and for raising on the Credit of the Orphans' Fund certain Sums of Money for those Purposes. Loth May 1809 ]

c< Three Years from the passing this Act allowed to purchase Houses, See. and Five Years to complete the " Improvements. § I. — 38 G. 3. c. lxi. §3. repealed. §2. — The new-built Vestry Room, Court Rooms and* Alms Houses, and the New Burial Ground shall be conveyed to the Use of the Parish of Saint Clement u Danes. §3.

Cap. lxxxiii.

An Act for the Improvement of the Passage across the Frith of Forth, called The Qiieensferry. (I)

[20th May 1809.]

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall, after the passing of this Act, wilfully and malici>ufly destroy any of the Piers, Jetties, Landing Places, or other Works to be con-ftrufted under the Authority of this Act, or any of the Materials intended for any of the said Works, or any Vessel lying or being in any Harbour made under the Authority of this Act, or any Vessel on its PafTa^e across the said Ferry, every such Person or Persons so offending, upon being lawfully convicted thereof, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Punish nent, by Transportation, Fine, or Impriioument, at the D.fcretion of the Judge or Judges before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be tried and convicted. u Boatmen licensed at the Ferry shall not be liable to be impressed. §68.

Cap. lxxxiv.

An Act for building a new Bridge across the River Tone, and enlarging the Bridge at Shuttern, both in the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset % and also for widening and improving the Approaches to the said Bridges, and removing and preventing Obstructions and Nuisances thereon. (a) [20th May 1809 ]

Cap. lxxxv.

An Act for building a Bridge over the River Wenfum, between the Scite where the G*tefl called King Street

Gates formerly flood, and Carrow Abbey, to the Hamlet of Thorpe, in the County of the City of Norwich.

[20th May 1809.]

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Bridge shall not be rated or afitflVd for or towards the Payment of any parochial Rate or Assessment whatsoever; nor shall the said Bridge be deemed a County Bridge, so as to subject the said City of Norwich or the County of the said City or the County of Norfolk to repair the same.

XVIII.*And for preserving the said Bridge from wilful or malicious Damage, and preventing all Ioterrup- tions to the building thereof, Be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or maliciously b'ow up, pull down, or destroy the said Bridge, or any Part thereof, or the Toll Houses, or Toll Gates or Side Bars erected or set up, or to be erectd or let up, on the said Bridge, or any of them, or any of the Works, Buildings, or Erections made or to be made in ptirfuance of th'3 Act, or cause or procure the fame, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively to be so blown up, pulled down, or del!roved, then and in every such Case every such Offender bting lawfully convicted thereof shall be adjudged guilty of Fdonv, and every such Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be subject to the like Punishment and Penalties as in Cases of Felony; and the Court by or before whom such Person ftnll be tried and convicted, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person to be punished in like Manner as Felony is directed to be punished by the Laws and Statutes of this Rralm, or in Mitigation of such Punishment, such Court may award such Purjfh* meat as the Law directs in Cases of Petty Larceny.

Cap lxxxvi.

An Act to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers of Two Act of His present M^j^fly, for amending the Road from the Pinfold in Balby, in the County of Torit to IVvrkfopt in the County at Nottingham, (r)

[20th May 1809.]

Cap. lxxxvii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from a Place called Nantgaredig, adjoining the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Llandilofawr to the Town of Carmarthen! through the Village of Brechfa t" the River Tivy near Llanlooney Church, and also a Road from Brechfa aforesaid to the Village of Llanfawtll, all in the County of Carmarthen, (a) 20th May 1809.]

7

Sen former lSk 100.3.(1.) — 42 G.O. c.xcii.

23 G. 3. C. 54.

OS G. 3. C. 12ft.

3S Ci. 3. c. lxi.

3 y & 4 0 G 3.

c. xlti.

42 G. 3. c. lxxiii.

4 4 G. 3. c. xxva.

Punishment far cleft roy ing

Works,

Felony, &. c.

Bridge not to be taxed, or deemed a County Bridge.

Penalty on Persons destroy-irg Works, ike. Felony.

5 (7. fl. c. c-r. 2: G 3. e. vi.

992

29 G. a. c. 93.

S&9G.0. ft. 1.

iMI.

28 G. 3. c. III.

c. M». 5b G. a. c. t*: >.

37 G. 3. c. 174.

«G. 3. C. 50. 57 G. 3. c. si.

3HG.Q.C. 32.

C. lxxxviii — ci. 49 GEORGII III. A.D. 1809.

Ctf/. lxxxviii.

An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for amending the Road leading from Congleton to Colley Bridge, and other Roads in the said Act mentioned, in the Couniirs of Chester and Derby* (c) [20th May 1809.]

Cap. lxxxix.

An Act for making and maintaining Turnpike Roads for the Town of Malmcsbury, to or near to the Town of Wootton Baffett, Sutton Benger Church, and Daunt fey Gate, in the County of Wilts. (a) [20th May 1809.]

Cap. xc.

An Act for repairing and maintaining the Road from Wootton B/ffet in the County of Wilts, to the Two Mile Stone on the Turnpike Road from Swindon to Marlborough in the said County. (a) [20th May 18^9.]

Cap. xci.

An Act for amending and improving the Road from the North End of the Town of Tonbridge to the Village of Jghtbam, ajid Two other Roads communicating with the fame, all h the County of Kent, (b)

[20th May 1809.]

Cap. xcii.

An Act for amending and improving the Road from Siochrjhead at the Top of Charing Hill, to a certain Place where the fame joins the Road from /IJbford to Canterbury, ad in the County of Kent, (a) [ »oth May 1809.]

Cap. xciii.

An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from the End of the County of Stafford to the City of Chester. and from Northwich to Tarvin in the County of Chester, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, lo far as respects the Third Dillr.ft of the said Road?, (i) [20th May 1809.]

Cap. xciv.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road over Horley Common in the County of Surrey, to a Place called Black Corner > and from thence to join the Bright helmffon Turnpike Road at Cue Iff Id, in the County of Sussex, (a)

[20.i1 May 1809.]

Cap. xcv.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Act« of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Tunbridge Wells in the County of Kent, to the Cross Ways near Mares field Street, and from Florence Farm to Forcjl Row, io the County of Sussex. (c) [20th May 1809.]

Cap xcvi.

An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of an Act of the Thirty-seventh Year of His present Majesty for amending the Road from or near Edcnffld Chap.-l to the Township of Little Batons and for making and maintaining a Road from the said Road at or near Booth Pits, to or near Bury Bridge, in the County Pd)aiiue of LatiC' ffr. (a) [20ch May 1809.]

Cap. xcvii.

An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts of Hi* present for repairirjr the

Road leading from Reading in the County of Berks, through Henley in the County of Oxford, and Great Marlow to Haffld in the County of Hertford\ and also the Road leading out of the said Road at Marlow over Great Marlow Bndje through Bysham to or near the Thirty Mile Stone in the Road leading from Maidenhead to Reading aforesaid. (r) [201I1 May 1809.]

Cap. xcviii. -4

An Act fortfftfting the Sale of an Estate at Tachbrooi in the County of Warwick, devised by the Will of John Norris Esquire, dectafed; and for applying sufficient of the Money in discharging Incumbrances on certain Eilatrs at Cwmyoy and Lanibony in the Counties of Monmouth and Hereford; and for paying the Relidug thereof to Walter Salvage Laudor Esquire; and for settling the said EttatcS at Cwmyoy ard Lanthony to ti*f Ufc of the Will of the said John Norris, (q. P.) [20lh May 1809.]

Cap. xcix.

An Act for inclosing a Moor or Common called Middlehope within the Park and Forest of Weardale in the Parish of Stanhope, in the County of Durham, (q. P.) [20th May 1829 I

Cap. c.

An Act for dividing and allotting Lands in the Parities of Barford Saint Martin and South Newton, and for extinguishing R'ghts of Common in other Lands in or adjoining the Parishes of Barford Saint Martin a*ore said, and Baverffock, in the County of JVilu. (q. P.) [20th May 1809.]

Cap. ci.

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Partfh of Portbury, in the County of Somerset. [-oth May iSoo.j

4

XVII.

A.D. 1809.

49° GEORGII III.

C.ci — cxi. 993

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully and maliciously cut, break down, demolish, or destroy any Bank, Dam, Flood-gate, Sluice, or other Works already made, or which shall at any Time hereafter be made or erected, supported, maintained, or used, in pursuance of the said recited Act or of this Act, within the said Common, for protecting the said Lands called Porlbury Wharf from the Sea, or for draining the fame, every Person so offending, and being convicted, shall be guilcy of Felony, and the Court before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried and convicted shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person or Persons to be transported for Seven Years, or in Mitigation of such Punishment may award such Sen* tence as the Law directs in Cases of Petty Larceny.

Pimifljntf'm fur

<iHi!OTin«£

Works,

Fc!ui>y. &c.

Cap. cii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Cheadale, in the County of Stafford, (q. P.) [20th May 1809.]

Cap. ciii.

An Act for inclosing Waste Lands in the Township of Lifcard in the Parish of IVallafey, in the County P/atine of Chester (q. P.) [20th May 1809.]

Cap. civ.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of IVhiston and Parish of Kingsley, in the County of Stafford, (q. P.)

[20th May 1809.]

Cap. cv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Bfedlow, in the County of Buckingham, (q. P.) [20th May 1809.]

" Allotments and Compensation for Tithes. §22 — 28.

Cap. cvi.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor and Township of Idle, in the Parish of Calverley in the West Riding of the County of York. (q. P.) [20th May 1809 ]

" Modus or ancient Composition real for Tithes confirmed. §32.

Cap. cvii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Marsworth, in the County of Buckingham, (q. P.)

[20th May 1809.]

il Allotments and Compensation for Tithes. $21 — 24.

Cap. cviii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Long Wittenham, in the County of Berks, (q. P.)

[20th May 1809.

" Allotments and Compensation for Tithes, §13 — 17.

Cap. cix.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manors of Abdon and Stoke St. Milborough, in the County of Salop. (q. P.)

[20th May 1809.]

Cap. cx.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Stockton, in the County of Wilts, (q. P.) [20th May 1809.]

11 Allotments and Compensation for Tithes. §17 — 22.

Cap. cxi.

An Act for repealing such Part of an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, as imposes a 43 G., a.e.hitt. certain Proportion of the County Rate for the County of Kent upon the Ealtern Division of the said County, 47 G. a. ft. 2. and certain Proportions upon the Western Division of the said County; and also, so much of an Act passed *«. in the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, for empowering the Justices of the Peace for the County of Kent, to make a fair and equal County Rate for the said County, as directs the Churchwardens and Over-seers therein mentioned, to make certain Returns of the Rental or Value of Ellatcs within their Parishes at the Periods and in the Manner therein mentioned, and imposes a certain Penalty upon such Churchwardens and Overseers for making Default therein, and for amending the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts.

[27th May 1809.]

43 G.3. e. Ivin.and 47 G. $.Jl. 2. c. xxxiv. recited and confirmed, except as repealed by this Act. § r. 43 G.3.

11 c. Ivii. $ 2. proportioning the Rates for the County, repealed, except as to Expence in and up to Easter Quarter l# Sessions 49G. 3. — §2. 43 G. 3. c.lvii. 3. as to Meetings for settling the Treasureris Accounts, repealed. §3,

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Justices who shall be assembled at the Easter Quarter Sessions of the Justices at the Peace to be holden for the said County in each and every Year shall and they are hereby directed and required to Easter Quarter appoint a Committee of Twelve Justices (that is to say), Six Justices acting in the Enjlern Division, and Six Scifon* shall Justices acting in the Western Division of the said County, of which Committee of Twelve Justices the Chairman ^C-omiriUtoe iq1 for the Time being of each Division of the said County shall always be one, and shall meet at Sittingbourne afore- exam'mcthe laid, on the Friday next preceding the Saint Thomas'a or Midsummer General Quarter Sessions in every Year, for Accounts of the l: He Purpose of examining, passing, adjusting, and allowing the several Accounts of thertfpediyeTrealnrers of the several said Two Divisions of the said County j and that such Meeting shall always commence and originally be holden at Trcufurtrs.

49 Geo. III. 6 M Sittingbourne

Three <Ju (ticca

at 'he Unil, of each Division, to Ur prefrut at tin* fell line of i ho Trw.fnirr'a

AtCClinttt.

Justice.« fh; \U make County Bairs, utulcr 12 G. '2. r. 0. for the l'evcral l)is ifior.s of bn County.

TTmrurrr^ (Kail (count Tor Hhlanrrs in

Hand, kr,

Bat* he

a.ulo on the n»i t ive* Rentals <fl each Division, AW 4 7 G. c. hxuiv. § a.

Bower K> revise, »orre<R, and fernam the Rental* of th* Cvuiuy.

C.cxu 49° GEORGII III. A.D. 1809.

Sitting bourne aforesaid, but the fame may from Time to Time be adjourned as Occasion may require to StttingSovrni aforesaid, and the Justices so appointed and present at such Meeting, or any Adjournment thereof, shall have full Power and Authority, and they are hereby directed to inquire into, and examine, pass, and allow the fold Accounts of the said Treasurera; and the said Accounts shall be examined, patted, and allowed foicly and ex# clufively at the said Meetting, or some Adjournment thereof.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no such Meeting shall be effectial or c^moetent t<> transact the several Matters and Things herein before directed to be done and transactel at such Meeting as aforesaid, unless Three at the leaf! of the Justices acting in each D: vision of the said County, appointed as afore# foid, shall be then present, fiat that such Meeting shall nectffonly be adjourned until Three Justice3 of each D vision of the said County so appointed as afore ford, shall be so present as aforesaid; and in case no such Justice or J Rrio'3 (hdl attend at the said Mating, then the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy shall adjourn the lame, r f which Adjournment the said Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy shall forthwith give Notice to the several Mi/nbers of the said Committee.

43 G. 3. c. Uii. § r. so far as it requires that County R ites under 12 G, 2. c. 29. shall be made for the whole " C unty, repealed. §6.

VII. And be it further emfted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for the Julices afforr.bled at the Quarter S firms hoMen for the IVefiern Division of the said County, and for the Justices att mbleJ at the Quarter 8 ffions holden for the Eastern l)ivili >n of the said County, to make such Rate or A (so Ament for raising such Sum and Sums of Money within each such Division respectively, as shall be sufficient to answer the En Is and Purposes mentioned and contained in the before recited Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late M: «j ell v King George the Second, as Occasion mn* demand, or as the Exigencies of each fveh D vision may require, and all > for the Ends and Purposes of this Act; and thru such t> spect've R^tes ard Aff Aments shall be as legal and fttcftual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if < ne general Rate had been made for the whole of the said C >unty and that all and every the Sum and Sums of Money in and by such Rare# or A(Tettments rated or affeflej upon the several Towns, Parifites, Prtcinfts, Vills, H-imltts, and Places situate within the Wfjlern Division of the said County, shall be paid to the Treasurer of the said We/ltrn Division; and all and every the Sum and Sums of Money in and by such Ratcsor Attcttments rated or att-ffrd upon the several To wns, Parishes, Precincts, Vills, Hamlets, and P aces fnuatc within the Eastern Division of the said County, shall he paid to the Trt-afurer of the said Eastern D.vision.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Treasurer and Treasurers appointed and to be appointed for each Di* vision of the (Ytd County, shall and he and they is and are hereby required, not more than Ten, norlefa than Seven Days at It ail, previous to every Easter Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County, to transo mit or cause to he transrr.ilted to the Cur* of the Peace for the said County, or to his Deputy, an Account in Writing under the respective Hands of the Treasurer for each Division of the said Cmnty, of the Balance the* remaining in the Hand* of each such Treasurer respectively; and alf*an Account of trie Sum of the grofo Expen-diture of each such respective Treasurer fmee the Easter Quarter Sessions prreeding to the Tim? of making up and delivering such Account; and also an Estimate of the turther probable Expence, to be incurred up to the said Easter Quarter S-ffions inclusive, in order that the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy may and he is hereby required to lay the fame before the Julbces to be attembled at the Easter Quarter bclfions of the Peace to he holden for the said County, for their Information.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every such Rate or Attettnunt so to be made and aflrffed as aforesaid shall be made and attttted upon the relative Rentals of each Division of the said County, as the same shall have beep returned and ascertained under and by virtue of the Directions and Provisions of the before recited Act, passed in the Forty-foventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and as such Rentals may be cxifiing at the Michaelmas Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County of Kent, next and immediately pre* ceding the Meeting of the Committee of Twelve Justices appointed to be holden at Siitingbourne as aforesaid.

41 47 G. 3. Jl 2. c. xxxiv. §3, 4. (directing Churchwardens and Overseers to make Returns as therein axeit-" tioned, ) repealed. § to.

XI. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Justices, assembled at any General Quarter Srffions of the Peace to be holden for the said County, whether the lame shall be origiratly holden in the Eastern or WJlern Division of the said County, shall determine that it is necessary to revise, correct, and re-ascertain the Rental of the whole County, they shall immediately signify such their Determination to the Justices to be attembled in S (Tions in the other Division of the said County, in order that such Justices may and they are hereby required to appoint a Committee of Three Justices from each D.vision of the said County, for the Purposes hereafter-men-tinned, of which Committee any Five of such Justices shall be competent to act, and such Committee shall meet as soon after such Appointment as shall be mutually agreed upon between them, in order to revise, correct, and re afeertaia the Rental oi the whole County, and the relative Rentals of each Division thereof distinctly, upon the some and as just and equitable Principles as they can, by vftuie of and under the Powers, Provisions, and Directions of the before recited Act, passed in the Forty.seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, tod also of this Act. and such Revition, Correction, and Atcertainment so to be made as aforesaid, (Hall b: final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes, and binding upon the several Parties to he affected thereby, until another Revision, Correction, and Afccrtatnment, lhad take place and he made in Manner as aforesaid, saving never-thelcfo to the several Parties who may consider themselves aggrieved thereby, such Powers of Appeal, and id such Manner as is contained in the said before recited Act o( the Forty.seventh Year of the Reign of His pre* font Majesty, and also of this Act: Provided always, that no such Rcvilion, Correction, or Ascertainrnentfc dull again take place until after the Expiration of Tnrcc Years from the Time of making such lad Rcvifioo^ Correction, or Afccriaiumcnk*

XIL

e

A.D. 1809. 49° GEORGII III. C.cxi.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Place of Meeting of the said Committee so to be appointed for the Purposes last aforesaid, shall always be, for the Eafiern Division, at the Sessions House for the said Eafiern Division, and for the Wefiern Division, at Maidstone in the said County, and the Justices then present shall have full Power to adjourn the fame from Time to Time to such Place as they may judge more convenient.

XIII.*And in order to enable the said Justices of the Peace to form a proper Judgment of any Rate or Rates to be made in pursuance of this Act, and to grant proper Relief; Be it further enacted, That the said Justices of the Peace, or any Three or more of them, or the said Clerk of the Peace for the said County, acting under their Authority, shall and may and they and he are and is hereby authorized and empowered, from Time to Time during the Execution of this Act, to cause any of the Books of AflVffment of the Property or Income Tax, so far as the same relate or refer to or in any wise concern the Statement of Property to be set forth and Rated in the Schedule fA.) contained in an Act, passed in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty, during the present War, and until the Sixth Day of April next after the Ratification of any Definitive Treaty of Peace, further additional Rates and Duties in Great Britain, on Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices; and for repealing an Act, passed in the Forty-fifth Tar of His present Majesty, for granting a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property. Professions, Trades, and Offices, and to consolidate and render more effectual the Provisions for edit fling the said Duties; and the Rental or Valuation by which such Assessments are made, mentioned, and described, within ary Parishor Place within the said County, to be brought btfere them or him, and to take Copies of such Books, or any Part or Parts thereof, as they, he, or any of them shall think fit, such Compensation being made to the Parties producing the fame respectively as the said Justices, or any Three*or more of them, shall think reasonable; and if any Person or Persons in whose Custody or Power any of the said Books shall be shall neglect or rrfufe to attend the said Justices, or the said Clerk of the Peace, with such Book or Books, or to permit them, him, or any of them, to take Copies thereof as aforesaid, then and in every such Case every Person who shal so refuse or neglect, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered by Distress and Sale of the G-oods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, Person or Persons, so making Default, together with the Charges of such Distress and Sde, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any One Just ice of the Peace for the said County, rendering the Overplus to the Party or Parties respectivrly, on whose Goods and Chattels huh Distreis and Sale shaft be so made as aforesaid, and the same Penalties or Forfeitures, when recovered and received, shall forthwith be paid to the Treasurer of the Division of the said County in which such Offence shall arise, to be applied toward the Purposts of this Act.

XIV. And be it further etufted, That the Churchwardens and Overseer of the Poor of all and every Parish, Town, Liberty, Precinct, Village, Hamlet, or Place within the said County, or some or one of them, shall, whenever it shall be so determined to be necessary to revise, correct, and re-ascertain the whole Rental of the said County as aforesaid, make a Return to the Committee so to be appointed for such Revision as aforesaid, at such Time and Place as the said Committee, or any Three or more of them shall appoint, of the total Amount of the Rental or Value of the Estates within such respective Parishes, Towns, Liberties, Prtcir.ftiJ, Villages, Hamlets, or Places, at the Timfc of making the last preceding Rate for the Relief of the Poor, together with the Names of the several Perform and Parties charged with such Rate, and the Sum and Sums of Money rated Or charged on such several Persons or Parties rdp?ft vely, and shall also state and point out in Writing the Mode adopted in making such Rate upon such Return, and shall verify every such Return upon Oath, in Manner as by the said Act is directed, and every such Return shall be signed with the Name or Names of the Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overseer or Overseers making such Rate.

XV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor of any of the fever.il Pariftu8, Towns, Liberties, Precincts, Villages. Hamlets, or Places within the said County, shall neglect or make Default in making any such Returns in Manner aforesaid, then and in every such Case each and every such Churchwarden and Ovtrfter of the Poor so neglecting or making Default (without sufficient Excuse, to be allowed by the said Comnvttre so to bt apponud, at their Meeting so to be holden at Sittingbourm aforesaid) shall forfeit and pay such Sum and Sum# of M nt-y, not exceeding Fifty Pounds, as shall or may be ordered or adjudged by the said Committee, at their Meeting so to be holden at SUtingbourhe aforesaid, by way of Penalty for such Neglect. or Default; and in case any such Penalty shall not be forthwith paid, it shall ?nd may be lawful to and for the said Committee at such Meeting assembled, and they are hereby directed to issue their Warrant to the High ContLable of the Division where such Parish, Towr, Liberty, Precitft, Village, Hamlet, or Place shall be situated, directing him to levy such Penalty upon the respective Goods and Chattels of each and every Churchwarden and Overfctr of the Poor of the Parish, Town, Liberty, Precinct, Village, Hamlet, or Place so neglecting or making Default, in like Manner and with such Powers and Authorities as the Lid High Conftubie i9, by a Statute made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more easy qfiffing, code fling, and levying the County Rates, veiled with for levying on the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor the Sum alleffed for the County Rate.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That every Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Ovetfeer or Overseers of the Po nr of any Parish, Town, Liberty, Prec'nft, Village, Hamlet, or Place in the said County, Person or Persons, shall have and be entitled to the fame Power and Right of appealing to the next General Quarter Sessions, or some Adjournment thereof, in the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as it the said Matter or Thing had been ordered and dirtft d by a General Quarter Sessione, or any Adjournment thereof, under and by virtue of the before recited Act of the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the Peace for the said County, or his Deputy, shall and he is hereby required, Yearly and every Year, to deliver in to the Justices of the Peace assembled at the Easier Quarter Sessions to be holden for the said County, and also to the Treasurer or Treasurers appointed and to be appointed for each Division of the said County, a Statement in Writing of the S im or

(Mi Amount

995

IlacM of Meeting of Committee for each Division.

Declaring henr the Rental of the whole County shall he reviled, corrected, and ascertained according to tha Assessment to die Property Tax, under 46 G, J.

9.05.

Prescrihing another Mode of making such Returns.

Penalty on ChtirelvAurdcaa and Ovetlcer* nc^lcehnc to make Ucuirna in Manner direct^d.

A<fh of the Committee of Ju dices SI mil be considered t# he the Ante of the General Quarter Sessions. Clerk of P»ara shall deliver in Acc«uut of Hemal y aylj.

C. cxi — cxv.

49" GEORGII III. A.D. 1809.

Disbursements, &.<. arranged by Committee of Justices.

Committee of JuiUers shall divide Annual Expence* between the T»ro Divisions.

23 G. 3. c. 38. 31 G. 3. c. 67. 36 G 13. C. 34.

4 G. 3. C. 55. 14 G. 3. C. 90.

Amount of the whole Rental of the said County, as the same shall have been returned, under and by virtue of the hereinbefore recited Act of the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majdlv, and of this Act, and also of the component Parts of such Rental, as the same shall have been exiting at the Michaelmas General Quarter Sessions of the Peace next preceding, distirguifhrng the Amount for each Division of the said County; which Statement shall be signed by and verified upon the Oath of the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Disbursements, Sum and Sums of Money, Charges and Expences whatsoever, of the whole of the said County of Kent, which attach upon or to which a County Rate is br Law liable shall be arranged, adjusted, and fe ttled by the Committee of Justices so appointed as alorrsaid, at their Meeting to be holden at Sii/ingbourr.et in Manner aforesaid, in proportion to the relative Rentals of rach Divi* fi >n of the said County, as the same shall be txifting at the Michaelmas Quarter SefTnns of the Peace next pre* ceding such Meeting as aforesaid; and the Justices so assembled shall make such Order upon the Treasurer of each Division of the said County respectively, to pay to or receive from each other such Sum or Sutra of Money as by the said Ju(lice6 shall be adjudged to be due from or to be pail to either respectively upon settling the Annual General Account at such Meeting up to and including the Easter General Quarter Sessions of the Peace next preceding such Meeting so to be holden at Sittingbourre as aforesaid.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Committee of Justices, so to be assembled at Sittingloume as aforesaid, shall and they are hereby required from such gross Rental and from such relative Rentals so to be delivered in by the said Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy as aforesaid, to divide the said Annual Expences between the Two Divisions of the said County, proportionally to such gross Rental and such relative Rentals: Provided always, that no Denominator of a lowar Value than a Twentieth shall ever be used for the Purpose of ascertaining the said Proportions.

[Publick Act.]

" Expences of Act. §20, §21.

Cap. cxii.

An Act for altering, amending, and enlarging the Powers of several Acts for making and maintaining the-Thames and Severn Canal Navigation.

[27th May 1809.]

Cap. cxiii.

An Act for enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, so far as relates to the establishing a nightly Watch, and for maintaining the Poor within the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the County of Middlesex.

[27th May 1809.2

" Power of making Rates extended from 6d'. to is. in the Pound.

43 G. 3. c. lix.

(Tlapel to be ful>ject to the Ecclesiastical Jurirdi<ftion by Law established, and to be consecrated.

Curate to be

Dominated and li< enfvtl to officiate in the said Chapel.

No Marriage* «r Buna.* allowed in the Cud Chapel.

Cap. cxiV.

An Act for building a Chapel of Ease in the Town of Worthing, in the County of Sussex.

Cap. cxv.

An Act for amending an Act of the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for paving and improving the Town of Worthing, in the County of Sussex, and for building a Market House and establishing a Market in the said Town.

[27th May 1809, }

[Af B. The Ad Cap. cxiv., though intituled as above, is in fad, An Act for amending an Act of the Forty third Tear, for paving. \Zc. the Town of Worthing: while on the contrary, the Ad, Cap. cxv., though intituled as above, is An Act for building a Chapel of Eafc at Worthing.]

By Cap. cxv. Trustees are appointed for building the Chapel.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Chapel and every Minister officiating therein for the Time being, as also the Person or Persons who shall act as Chapelwarden or Chapelwardens thereof, shall be subject in ail Rc fptds to the ordinary Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction by Law established; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Bishop of Chichester For the Time being, and he is hereby authorized and empowered to consecratt the said Chaptl, to be for ever thereafter a Chapel of Ease to the Parish Church of Broadwater aforesaid, and Divine Srrv: ce shall be from Time to Time for ever after performed therein according to the Rites and Ceremonies of the Church of England as by Law established, by a perpetual Curate to be nominated and appointed in Manner herein after directed; and the said Chapel and the perpetual Curate thereof shall for ever after be subject to the ordinary Jurisdiction and Visitation of the L"-rd Bishop of Chichester for the Time being.

XXIII. And be it fart tier enu& d. That after the said Chapel shall have been consecrated in Manner aforesaid, the Rector of the said Panlh of Broadwater for the Time being is hereby empowered and required to nominate, under his Hand and Sea), to the Lord Bishop of Chichester for the Time being a fit Person being in PnelPs Orders (not being himfdf the Rector of Broadwater aforesaid), who shall have taken a Degree in one of the Three Universities of Oxford, Cambridge, or Dublin, to be licensed to the perpetual Curacy of the said Chapel; and upon Ocasion ot every future Vacancy the said Rector of the said Parish of Broadwater for the Time being shall, in like Manner, nominate some fit Person qualified as aforesaid, to be Licensed as aforesaid j and upon Failure of such Nomination the R'ght of Nomination for that Term shall lapse to the Lord Bishop of Chichester for the Time being, and to the Metropolitan and to the Crown successively, according to the Course ot Law in Cases of preftnutive Benefices; and the Right of Nomination to the said Chapel may be sued for and recovered, and the Incumbency thereof shall cease and be determined, in like Manner as if the Curacy of the said Chapel was a presentative Vicarage and Benefice.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Marriage shall at any Time be solemnized in the said Chapel, nor shall any Corpse be buried in the said Chapel or the Vault thereof, but that the Curate of the said Chapel for the Time being may and shall, from Time to Time, baptize all such Children as shall be brought to the said

by (-J 00gfe Ch*pa

A.D. 1809.

49° GEORGII III.

C.cxv, cxvi. 997

Trunces

emjH)werpW tH ImiJd a new Church.

Chapel far that Purpose during the usual Times of performing Divine Service therein; and in order to facilitate Baprifms Searches for Registries in the said Parish of Brctadwater. Entries of all such Children, so baptized at the said allowed. Chapel, /hctli be regularly made in a Register to be provided for that Purpose by the Chapelwarden; and the said Curate shall, on the Twenty fifth Day of March, the Twenty*fourth Day of June, the Twenty-ninth Day of.September, and the Twenty-tifrh Day of December in ev^ry Y< ar, send to the R^ct >r of the said Parish of Broad*

water an accurate Copy, ligned by him, of alt Christmings in the said Chapel done by him the Quarter immediately preceding, and the said Rt#or or his Curate shall cause the same to be transcribed into a proper Book, to be provided for that Purpose, and to he kept with the Regiftf r of the Christeninj/s of the said Parish; and the said Curate may and shall also church a<l Women who may come to the said Chapel for that Purpose.

Cap. cxvi.

An Act for building a Church on Gateshead Fell, in the Parish of Gateshead.

[27th May 1809 ]

" One Acre in Gatifield Fell allotted for the bui'dinga Church thereon velitd in the Rector, and Trustees appointed for that Purpose, wrh Reservation of Mines to the Lord of the Manor. § I — 17. (See Cop. cxxxv.

Cl of this SJfion.)

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it ft irill be lawful for the said Trustees, and they are hereby authorized hr.d required to cause a new Church and Chancel, with a P.ace proper for the administering the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper, and also a Tower or Steeple to be built upon the said Piece or Parcel of Ground intended to be vested in them by this Act, or upon so much-thereof as may be proper, according to such Pian or Model, Elevation and Sect'on, of such Dime^fion and Materials, and in such Manner, as they, the said Trustees, shall agree upon and dire# at some public Meeting, to be particularly called for that Purpose, and in which Pian of the Church and Chancel to be buiit in pursuance of this Act, t1 e Chancel (In* I be diltingui'htd in such Manner as the said Trustees, with the Consent and Approbation of the Bishop of Durham, for the Time being, shall dirt-61, and in which Plan no Alteration shall afterwards be made without the Content of Ten of the said Trustees at lead; and in case such Alteration shall in any Manner comprise or relate to tin Chancel, or any Part thereof, then with the Consent of the said B'shop in addition to the Ten Truiiees; and the said Trustees shall also in like Manner, set out and appoint the Remainder of the said Piece or Pircel of Ground as and for'a Cemetry or Church yard; and the said Trustees shall cause such Pews, Sens. Galleries, and Conveniences to be made for the Accommodation of the Inhabitants of the said Distri#, called Gateshead Fell, and a R 11 or Bells and such Ornaments to be ere#: d and set up, and such other Matters and Things to be done, as the said Trustees, with the Consent and Approbation of the said Bishop, shall dire#, in order that the said Church and Chancel, when completed, finished, and furnished, may be consecrated and set apart for the Celebration of Divine Service, the publishing of Banns of Marriage, the Solemnization of Marriage, the Administration of the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper, and the Baptilm of Infants, and all other religious Acts, according to the Rites and Ceremonies of the Church of England; and the said Building, Works, Matters, and Things, shall be done by Contract, or otherwise, subject to the Inspe#ion and Controul of the Surveyor or Surveyors on the Part of the said Trustees, as the said Trustees shall from Time to Time think proper and most expedient to fulfil - the Intention and effe# the Purposes of this Act.

u Regulations as to fetiing out the Pews. § j8, 19, 20.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said new Church and Chancel, shall be completed and finished, When uetr^ and consecrated, and be fit for the Celebration o( Divine Service, within Two Years at furthest, after laying the Church tofc« Foundation thereof; and that from and immediately after the said Church and Chancel shall be finished andcorlfe- completed*-crated, the fame, and the Church Yard belonging hereto, and all and singular the Mefluagrs, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatsoever, within and Parcel of the said Distri# or Tra# of Waste Land called Gateshead Fell\ shall be from thenceforth for ever thereafter fevered and divided from the said Parish of Gateshead, and be exempted and discharged from all Dependence thereon, and from all Power, Right, and Authority of the Rector and Parson of the Parish Church of Gateshead aforesaid, for the Time being; and the said Re#ory and Church hereby authorized to be built shall be lor ever thereafter a distin# and separate Re#ory and Parish '

Church for the Inhabitants of the said Distri# or Tra# of Land, called Gateshead Felly under the Name and Title of the Re#ory and Parish of " Gateshead Fell?* and together with the Messuages, Lands, Tenements,

Houses, Places, and Hereditaments with'n the said Fell, shall be for ever thereafter a distin# Parish of itself, and called by the Name of the Parish of Gateshead Fell; and the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Gateshead Fell shall be for ever thereafter difetarged and exempted of and from the Cure of Souls, Power, and Authority of the Re#or and Parson of the Parish Church of Gateshead aforesaid, and the Re#or and Parson of the same Parish Church of Gateshead shall be from thenceforth for ever exonerated and discharged from the Cure of Souls of the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Gateshead Fell.

XXII. And be it further enacted, Ttiat the said new Church and Chancel, with the Church Yard or Cemetry thereof, (subject to the Reservation hereinbefore contained*, to or in Favour of the Lord of the said Manor of Gateshead for the Time being, and his Lessee and LtfTees, and his, her, and their Executors, Admi-mstrators, and Assigns), shall from and immediately after the Consecration thereof, and from and thenceforth for ever thereafter, be vested in the Re#or of the fame Church, and hia Successors, Re6lors thereof, for the Itnts' $ Time being, the Statutes of Mortmain, or any other Laws or Statutes to the contrary notwithstanding; and that Divine Service according to the Usage of the Church of England, Banns of Marriage, the Solemnization of Marriage, the Administration of the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper and Baptism, Burials, and all other Rites and Ceremonies of the Church of England shall and may be performed, published, celebrated, solemnized, and administered from Time to Time, and at all Times thereafter, in the said new Church, Chancel, and Church

Yard

The new Church ve/Ud in the He# or.

Respe&ini*

Divine Service*. Marriage, &c. shall be solemnized in.

the Churwk*

Hr!?*, in Cliim !; -naidciu.

Land may Iv; jjivrn to the j»rw H calory for G'itbe.

lusws ronrmiing)<r ( Wgv extruded to 4 he

Rectories.

<fG.3. c. 45. «9G*3. c. ii.

penalty on

m»ing

iYorki.

fte<* former Act s; G. 2. c. i9.

Flin t thing l, crfoii'» deftroj* ing Ww Li.

Prfcafty f<*r «hmaking ally Wor obli/udting the Rxrcufiou of

dm A^t*

C.cxvi — cxx, 49s GEORGII III. A.D. 1809.

Yard respectively, and that the Churchwardens for the Time being of the said flew Church, shall be in retted -with the Brils, Ornaments, Furniture, Book9, Plate, Goods, and Chattels of the said new Church.

41 No Burials shall be in the said new Church, nor in the Church Yard within Twelve Feet of the Church Walls. u §23. Tithes, See. annexed to the fare! Parish Church of Gateshead Fell. §24. Right of Presentation in the " li lhop of Durham. $ 25. Act not to affect the Dirifion of the Parish of Gateshead into Township. §26. " Giit-/beadFell deemed a distinct Benefice. §27.

XXVIII. And be it further enactrd. That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons, or any Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, at any Time or Times hereafter, to give, devise, grant, demise, or convey, to or for the Lie of, or in trull for the R-<stor or Parson, for the Time being, of the said Rectory of Gatrfhead FcH % and his SucctfDrs, any Quantity of Land, not exceeding in the whole Ten Acre*, to be the G'the belonging to the Lme Rector and Parson, arid his SucctHors, whereupon a Parsonage House, Hull or m^y be bu.lt or Credit'd by the lame Rector and Parson, and his Successors, without any Licence to take or purchase iu Mortinaiu, and notwithstanding any Law, Statute, Cullom, or other Imped ments, or Difabtlity whatever.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That a I the Laws of this Realm, concerning Rectories, Parish Churches, Rectois, Clergy, Churchwardens, and other Clerical and Parochial Office?, in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain evicd England, (hi.I be in full F* rceard hue EfLft and Oprration in all Respects in rcga*d to the said Rrftory, Parish, and Parish Church of Gateshead Fell, in like Manner, as if the fame had been originally and previously to the making and passing of flic fame Lsws and Statutes a separ^te and diflindi Rett; 'y, Parish, and Parish Church (except as otherwise directed and especially enacted by this Att.)

[Publick Act.]

4i Application of Monies raised, § >}o, ecu.

Cap. cxvii.

An Act to amend and render more effectunl Two A.'Is for the Maintenance and Support of the Pier and Harbour, and paving and lighting the Town of Margate, in the County of Kent. C271^ 1809 J

[Duties granted on Shipping, and on Goods imported and exported."]

Cap. cxviii.

An Act for better supplying with Water the Borough of Purtfmoutht and the Parishes of Partfenouth and Portsec^ and Places adjacent, in the County of Southampton.

[27th May 1809.]

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall knowingly, wilfully, or maheioufiy break, throw down, damage, or drllroy any Banks or other Works erected, trade, or maintained by virtue of this Act, then and in every such Case every such Person Hull ht judged guilty of Felony, and the Court by and before whom Inch Person or Persons shall be tried and convichd shall have Po*cr and Authority to cacfc such Person or Persons to be transporud for the Term of S; vtn Years, or such Court may award any other Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petit Larceny.

Cap. cxi*.

An Act for effecting the Drainage and Improvement of the Linc'i and Grounds lying in the late Great Common in Sutton Saint Edmund'a, within the Parish of Sutton Saint Mary, otherwise Lone Sutton, in the County of Lincoln; and for authorizing the Drainage and Improvement of the Lands and Grounds lying in the late Little Common in Sutton Saint Edmund's aforesaid.

[27th l^°9 3

LI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons ihatt at any Time hereafter wilfully snd maliciously deliroy or irjure any Mill, Engine, Bridge, Floodgate, Tunnel, Sluice, Doors, Bai>k<, or other Works which (full at any Time be making or creeling, or made, erected, or used by or under the Authority of the said Commissioners for the Drainage and Improvement of the said Labels and Grounds, or any of them, and shall be thereof convicted on the CLtu of one or more credible Witness or Witnessts, or on Confession of the Party or Parties so offending, at ary Affixes or General Quarter S' (lions of the Peace to be holden in and for the County, Isle, Jurisdiction, Parts, or Division where the Offence shall be committed, every such Person shall be adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and shall be transporttd for the Term of Sena Years, or shall other wise be punished as the Law directs in Cases of Petit Larceny.

Cap. cxx.

An Act for embanking, inclosing, and draining Lands within the Parish of F/i/heney, in the County of Lincoln.

[27th May 1809 ]

LIX.*And, for preventing the breaking down, destroying or damaging any of the Works which shall be made or altered in pursuance of this Act, or otherwise obstructing the Execution of the lame; be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times hereafter wilfully or ir.nliriously demolish, pull down, break, (poil or otherwise destroy any Drain, Bank, Outlet, Slnict, Gowt, Clough, Bridge, Tunnel or other Work*', which shall at any Time or Times hereafter be made or erected for t'.e Purp f- of this Act, all and every Pei fun or Persons so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be tul jrd and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony; and the Court by and before whom Inch Person or Persons shall be tried and convicted, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person or Persons to be puoished in such Manner at Felons are directed to be punished by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, a or

A.D. 18©9> 49° GEORGII III. C. cxx — cxxv, 999

or the Court may and are hereby empowered, if they shall think fit, in Mitigation of such Punishment, to award

and impose such Fine or Imprisonment as such Court shall judge expedient.

Cap. cxxi.

An Act for making and keeping in Repair a Road or Paffxge for HorLs on the Banks of the River Severn* between a certain P.ace at Coalbrooke Dale to and above the Ureffj Bridge in the Town of Shrcvsfiury. in the County of Salop, for hauling and drawing Vessels along the said River.

[27th May 18: 9.]

Cap. cxxi.

An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty, for* G. a. c. 41, better supplying the Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds, in the County of York, with Water, and foroC«. a. % 6e, more effectually lighting and cleansing the Streets and other Places within the said Town and Neighbourhood, and for removing and preventing Nuisancea and Annoyances therein; and for creeling a Court House and Prison for the Borough of Leeds, and for widening and improving the Streets and Paffagts in the fa; d Town, [27th May 1809.]

Cap. cxxiii.

An Act to alter and explain Two Ada to enable the Globe Insurance Company to file in the Name of their Treasurer, and to inrol Annuities. i27rh May 1809.]

And Whereas Doubtshave'arisen whether the said recited Acts of the Forty-seventh Year of His present

1 Majesty are in all Respects effectual for the Purpose9 for which the fame were intended; wherefore, for

obviating and removing such Doubts, May it please Your Majesty, That it may be enadrd. and be it enacted- and declared by the King's Mod excellent Majesty, by and w th the Advice and Consent of the

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, in all Agreements, Covenants. Contrafts, Bernal of Stat.

Bonds, Obligations, Warrants, Judgments, Grants, Charges, Surrenders, Fines, Recoveries, Conveyances, 17 '3*

and other Assurances whatsoever, by which any Annuity or yearly Rmt hath been, or shall be sold, limited, c?xxx and "

or otherwise assured to, or in trull for, or for the Bmefit of t*ie fa: d Society or Partnership called, " The 4'7 G. a.fl.a.

Globe Insurance Company ;* or to any Person or Persons acting for, or on the Behalf of the said Society or c.lxxxvii. —

Partnership, or by which any Annuity or yearly Rent hath been, or shall be granted, fold, limited, or otherwise Grants and

allured by the said Society or Partnership, called "The Globe Insurance Company,* or by any Person or Persons Memorial* of

acting for, or on the Behalf of the said Society or Partnership; and in all Memorials of the Lid Assurances p^othe

resptdivdy, the Names of the Members of the said Society or Partnership, and of all the Persons interested Globe tnfuraner

in the fame, or ailing on the Part or Behalf of the said Mtmbers, or other Persons, or any of them, cr for Company fha.ll

whom they or any of them are Trustees, shall, for all the Purposes of the said Act of the Seventeenth Year of he sufficient, it

the Reign of His present Majesty, be considered to be sufficiently mentioned, expressed, and contained within the

Provisions of the said Act of the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and the true Intent and oniJVompaay*

Meaning of the fame, if, in the Assurances or any one of the Assurance?, by which such Annuities or Rent* as if the Nwm*

respectively shall be sold and secured, and in the Memorials of the fame rtfptdively, it is or shall be expressed, or of all the

appears, or shall appear, that the Annuity or yearly Rent so granted, fold, limited or otherwise assured, is Members wei*

thereby granted, fold, limited, or otherwise assured by the said Society or Partnership, or to or for the Benefit ofj?cc, W*

the said Society or Partntrship as the Case may be, and that the Consideration for the tame is paid, advanced, or

given to, or by, or on the Behalf, or on the Account of the said Society or Partnership, as the Case may be;

and thereupon, (the other Requisites of the said Act of the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty

being complied with), the said Deeds and Assurances, and the Memorials of the same shall be as valid, and

effectual, to all Intents, Effects, Construdionp, and Purposes whatsoever, as if the Names of all the Members

of the said Society or Partnership, and of all the Persons interested in the said Society or Partner fiup, or re-

presented by them, or for, or on the Behalf of whom they, or any of them have acted, or been Trustees, or

paid or advanced, or given the Money, or other Consideration for the said Annuities, or shall act or be Trustees,

or pay or advance, or give the Money or other Consideration for the said Annuities, were dated in the said

Assurances and Memorials respectively, in the Manner prescribed by the said Act.

" Provisions of this Act extended to the Company, whether composed of the present or future Members, §2*

This Act shall not incorporate the Society, §3. Publick Act §4.

Cap. cxxiv.

An Act to alter and explain Two Acts for enabling the Pelican Life Insurance Company to sue in the Name 47 3*

of their Secretary, and to inrol Annuities. £27th May 1809.] ft. a*

Cap. cxxiii. of /bit' Ulx'm-

Cap. cxxv.

An Act to alter and explain Two Acts for enabling the Albion Fire and l»ifc Insurance Company to sue in the Name of their Secretary, and to enrol Annuities. ' [2/th May 1809.]

[Sec Cap. cxxiii. of this StfftQn.

47 G. o. ftvl.

c. xui.

47 G. 3. ft. it

as G. 2. c. 49.

J G. 3 C. 34.

16 0. 3. c. 79.

42 G. .3. c. Iukv. nfi.3. C. 38.

34 G. a.C. 64. —

42 G. 3. c. Ixtii.

46 G« 3«c. 105.

C.cxxvi — cxxxvii. 49 GEORGII III. A.D. 1809.

Cap. cxxvi.

An Act for widening and altering Oup Bridge over the River Oup, and Fop Bridge over the River Fop, in the City of York; for .widening, raising, and improving certain Streets, Lance, and Partagca leading and near to the said Bridges; and for making certain other Improvements in the said City.

[27th May 1809 3

Cap. cxxvii.

An Act for consolidating and uniting the Powers of several Acts passed for ameoding several Roads near the

Borough of Ashburton and the Town of Newton BuJJjcll, and from or near the North Side of the Town of Totnep towards Ashburton aforesaid, for building a Bridge acrofa the River Dart, at or near a Place called Emmett, in the County of Devon, and for amending and improving the said several Roads, (b)

45 G. a. c. Uxv.

[27th May 1809.]

Cap. cxxviii.

An Act for continuing, explaining, and amending an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and improving the Roads leading from the Stones End in Kent Street, in the Parish of Saint George Southwark, to Dariford, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Kent and Surrey. (a) [27th May 1809.]

Cap. cxxix.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Bettws-Abergele, in the County of Denbigh. (q. P.)

[27th May 18: 9.]

i Allotment to the King in Satisfaction and Extindion of his Rights in the Soil. $ 22. Extract of the Award " respecting such Alioment to be transmitted to the Surveyor-General of the Lind Revenue of the Crown, f 2$. €l Surveyor General may fell the lying*s Allotments. §35. Saving of the King's Rights as to Mines, Scigaoric* u and Royalties. §44, 43.

Cap. cxxx.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parirtiof Caerwys, in the County of Flint, (q. P.) [27th MayiSz9.3

" Like Allotments to the King, and like Provisions as to his Rights as in Cap. cxxix.

Cap. cxxxi*

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Eaton, in the County of Nottingham (q. P.)

[27th May 1809.]

Allotments and Compensation in Lieu of Tithes, f n, &c.

Cap. cxxxii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Woodjlone, in the County of Huntingdon* (q. P.)

[27th May 1809.]

For making Compensation for Tithes, §21, &c.

Cap. cxxxiii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parirti of King's Clife, in the County of Northampton, (q. P.)

[27th May 1809.]

Allotments and Compensation for Tithes, §12, &c. Allotment to the King, as Lord of the Manor of King's 44 Clijfc, §16. Extract of Award to be transmitted to Surveyor.General's Office, §35. Saving for the King's 4< Right of Pasture for Deer kept in the Forest of Rockingham, and the Right of hunting Deer, §38.

Cap. cxxxiv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Cadcby and Parish of Spotberough, in the County of York. (q. P.)

[27th May 1809.]

" Allotment to His Majesty as Lord of the Honour of Ticlhill, $ 12, and for certain Chief Rents, §25.

Cap. cxxxv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Gattjhead, in the County of Durham. (q. P.)

[27th May 1809.]

Cap. cxxxvi.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Glatton-with-Holme, in the County of Huntingdon. (q. P.)

[27th May 1809.]

Allotment and Compensation for Tithes, §20.

Cap. cxxxvii.

An Act for the Application of the Purchase Money of certain Lindt, taken from the PoScftioot of the See of Winchester, under the Provisions of an Act of the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act forvejiing certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in Trupees, for better/(curing His Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores at Portsmouth, and for extending the Works and Lines at I)over.

[3d June 1809.]

A.D. 1809.

49° GEORGII III.

C.cxxxviii — cxlii. loot

Cap. cxxxviii.

An Act for enabling the Kennet and Avon Canal Company to raise a sufficient Sum of Mdnty to complete the (slid Canal, and for amending the several Acts for making the same.

[3d June 1809.]

Cap. cxxxix.

An Act for erecting a new Gaol and House of Correction, and new Courts of Justice, in and for the County Palatine of Durham> and purchasing proper Scites for the fame, and for disposing of the old Gaol and House of Correction and Courts of Justice there; and making an equal County Rate for those Purposes.

[3d June 1809.]

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully and maliciotiO) bre tk, pull down, or in any Manner damage or dellroy the said Gaol, House of Correction, and Court Houses or Buddings, lo to be respectively erected and built, repaired, maintained, supported, provided, or purchakd as aforesaid, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, or any of the Appurtenances thereunto belonging, Inch Person or Persons being lawfully convicted thereof shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and the Cuurt before whom such Person or Persons {full be tried, shall have full Power and Authority either to order such Person or Persons to be iransported for the Term of Seven Years, to such Place, and in such Manner as other Felons are directed to be transported by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, or to fuller such Corporal Punishment, or be punished by Fine, ImDrifonrmnt, or otherwise, as to the Court before whom such Person or Persons is or are so tried shall seem proper order or in (lift; and the Ju dices of the Peace for the said County of Durham assembled in their General Quarter S; ffion3, or at any Adjournment or Adjournments thereof, or the major Part of then are hereby authorized, from Time to Time, to order such Offender or Offenders as aforesaid to be prosecut d by Indictment or Indictments at the Assizes for the County of Durham, and to dir.ft the Expences of fui \ Prosecutions to be paid by the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said County for the Time bein*r9 out of the Publick Stock and General County Rates of and for the said County; and in every such Ind'ftment or I idiftmenis, such Gaol, House of Correction, and Court House or Court Houses, or other Building or Buildfogs, shall respectively be alledged and described, and deemed and taken lo be the Gaol, House of Correction. and Court House or Court Houses, or Building or Buildings respectively (as the Case may happen) of "The Justices of the Peace for the County of Durham" without particularly Hating or specifying the Name or Names of all or any of the said Justices.

Cap. cxl.

An Act for paving, cleaning, lighting, watching, and otherwise improving the Streets and other Publick Pali'ages and Places in the Town and Borough of OJweJlry, in the County of Salop, [jd June 1809 ]

Cap. cxli.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parish of Merthyr Tidfil\ and other Places therein mentioned, in the Counties of Glamorgan, Brecon, and Monmouth.

[3d June 1809 ]

[Jurisdiction 5l. No Privilege to Attornies. J '

34 G. 3, c. OO.

36 G. 3. c.

38 G. 3. ( v, u', 41 G 3. o xx ... 4 5 G. 3, c.Ux.

Enn.shin^!

Pi rf-'iis d imagin'; G(, urt llovucs, Gaol, ike.

Cap. cxlii.

An Act for budding a Bridge across the River Thames, from or near VauxhallTurnpike, in the Parish of Saint Mary Lambeth in the County of Surrey, to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of Saint John, in the C'ty and Liberty of Westminster, and County of Middlesex, and for making convenient Roads thereto.

[jd June iSc^.J

Vauxhull Bridge Company incorporated; empowered to raise 200, 000l. additional if necessary; 30, 000l.

11 Sterling to oc mvelttd in the 3 per Cents, for the Purposes of the Act bftore any Lands shall be purchased, or Works begun.

CXIX. And be it further enacted, That, if any Person or Persons shall wilfully and maliciously, and to YavJtv on the Prejudice of the fan! Undertaking, break, throw down or dellroy any of the Works to be erected and IMWim-made by virtue of this Act, every such Person shall be judged guilty of Felony, and every such Person io W"rk*, &c. offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be subject to the like Punishments and Penalf'es as in Caseselc, '.v-of Felony; and the Court by or before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted, shall have Power and Authority tocaufefuch Person to be punished in like Manner as Felons are directed to be punished by the Laws and Statutes of this Reaim: or in Mitigation of such Punishment, such Court may award such Sentence as the Law dirrfti in Cases of Petty Larceny.

CXX.*And, in order to remove all Dcubts where and before whom Offences committed on the said Tlmt thr Brnfr* Bridge shall and may be cognizable, and how and by whom the Offenders in such Cases may be punished; shall be deemed Ik it further enacted, That the Half of the said Bridge, when built, next adjoining to the City and Liberty >n Mid-of Westminster, shall be deemed to be in the City and Liberty of Westminster and County of MiddleJ'cx, and t*M(exa, d Part ot and in the Pdrish of Saint John Westminster, and the other Half of the said Bridge adjoining to the urre^'

County of Surrey, shall be deemed to be in the said County of Surrey, and Part of and in the Parish of Saint Mary Lambeth, but such Bridge shall not be deemed or taken to be a County Bridge, To as to subject the said City or Liberty of Westminster or Counties of Middlesex or Surrey, or any of the Parishes or Places herein before mentioned, or either of them, to the repairing* or supporting of the fame, or any of the Roads herein directed to be made as aforesaid.

49 Geo. III. 6 N

by

Cap.

PrnaUt on

lVrfunv in]aril die Bruise.

fit G.O. c. 109.

C.cxliii — cliii. 49° GEORGII III. D. 1809,

Cap. cxliii.

An Act for taking down and re-building the Whole or Part of a certain Bridge called Wallingford Bridget in the Borough of Wallingfordt in the County of Beris9 and for opening, widening* and improving the Avenues or Approaches to the said Bridge.

[3d June 1859.]

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully and maliciously blow up, pull down, or destroy the said Bridge, or the said temporary Bridge, or any Part thereof respectively, or any Toll-House or Tollgate to becrested or set up upon or near the said Bridges or either of them1, or any of the Woijs, Buildings, or Erectione made in pursuance of this Act, or cause or procure or direct the iarre to be done, tirry Person io offending1, on being convict<.d thereof, shall be deemed guilty of E.-lony, and the Court before whom such Person shall be tried at d convicted shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person or Persons to be transported for the Term of Seven Years, or may, in mitigation of such Punishment, pronounce luck Sentence the Law directs m cases of Petit Larceny.

Cap. cxlir.

An Act for taking down and re-building certain Parts of North Bridge and Tic I-ford Bridge, in the Parishes of Newport Pagnell and J.athbtsry9 in the County of Hue Ling ham, and for widening and making more crmniodioiii the said Bridges, and the Approaches thereto.

[3d jure

Cap. cxlv.

An Act for repairing rnd maintaining the Road from Burton upon Trent, in the County of St.iford to Allots Bromley, and from Bugots Bromley to the prftent Turnpike Road at or near Shirley ll'uh, in the f*«d County. (b) [jd June 18: 9.J

Cap cxlvi.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty* for repairing the Road from Carmarthen to Lampeter-pont-Jhphen, in the County of Cardigan, and other Roads in the said Act mentioned, so f*r as the same relate to the Carmarthen Dulrift of Roads, and for conloiidating in the same Act and Trull certain other Roads in the said County of Carmarthen. (.)[3d June 1803 }

Cap. cxlvii.

An Act for leaking and repairing a Road from Soho Hill, in the Parish of Hatidsworth, to the Hrrdf all Turnpike Road, on the Nor: hen Side of Hamjlead Bridge; and also another Road from Brown's Grtin to a House called The Friary, all in the County of Stafford, [b) [3d June 1809 J

Cap. cxlviii.

An Act for vesting the settled and other Estates of John Pierson Foote Esquire, in the Parish of Caljlncl, ra the County of Cornwall, in Trustees upon trust, to fell and to itaud possessed of the Money ariJing from the Sale thereof, upon the Trulls therein mentioned, (q. P.) [3d June 1809.]

Cap. cxlix.

An Act for enabling the Minister and Churchwardens of the Parish of Allhallows Baring, in the City of London, to grant a Lease of certain Estates belonging to the same Parish, pursuant to an Agreement entered into for that Purpose (q. P.) [3d June 1809.]

Cap. cl.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Hamlet and Chapelry of Wheatley, in the Parish of Cudelefden % in the County of Oxford, (q. P.) ly&Junc 18C9.J

u Allotments and Coinpen fation for Tithe*. §23.

Cap. cl;

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Hayes^ 10 the County of Middlesex> and for extinguishing the Tithes in the said Parish. (q. P. J [3d June 1809.]

" Com pen fation t for Tithes by Corn Rents* $ 20, See.

Cap. clu«

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Maxey with Deepingate, Norlhborough> Clinton with Pcalirl, Etton % and Ketpflone, in the County of Northampton. (q. P.) [3d June 1809.]

41 Allotments and Compensations in lieu of Tithes* §22, &c.

Cap. cliii*

An Act for incloGng Lands in the Parishes of Shobdon, Aymejlrey9 and JLinren9 in the for cxtiugmshing Tithes in those Parishes. (q. P.)

41 Compensation for Tithes by Corn Rents, j 19, dec#

County of Hereford, and [dd June 1809.]

Cap

1003

A.D. 1809. 49 GEORGII III. C. cliv — clvi.

Cap. cliv.

An Act for inclosing Goring Common, or Goring Heatht and certain Wade Landi, in the Parish of Goring, in the County of Oxford, (q. P.) [jd June 1809.]

11 Allotment for Tithes. §23, See.

Cap. civ.

An Act for continuing*the Terra of, and altering and amending an Act, passed in the Forty.fifth Year of H; s prefen t Meetly, for repealing two Acts of His late Majesty, for the Regulation of Lastage and Ballattage in the River Thames, and to make more effectual Regulations relating thereto. £ioth June 1809.2

Cap. clvi.

An Act to alter and amend several Acts passed in the Fortieth, Forty-fourth, Forty-fifth, Forty-sixth, and Forty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, for making Wet Docks, Bafont, Cuts, and other Work?, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, and for other the Purposes therein mentioned relating thereto, and to enlarge the Powers and Authorities by the said Acts granted to the London Dock Company.

[10th June 1809.]

" Thirteen Dircdors empowered to make Contracts for purchasing Houses, &c. §1. Conveyance by Feme u Coverts, &c. valid. §2. All Messuages, Sec. purchased, vetted in the London Dock Company. §3. Con-11 tracts made before the passing of this Act declared valid. §4. Power to fell, let, or demise Picmises. §5.

VI.*And Whereas divers Obstructions have been given to Constables, Watchmen, and other Persons

appointed by the said Company in the Exercise of their Duty , Be it therefore further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whomsoever mail at any Time hereafter in any Way obstruct, or be aiding or abetting any other Person or Persons in obstructing in the Execution of his Duty or Employment, any Constable, Watchman, or other Person thereto appointed by, or having lnttrudionsin Writing in that Behalf from the Directors of the said Company, or from the Superintendent of the said Docks, or from the Dock Matters, or One of the Dock Matters of the said Company for the Time being, from or in going on board, or entering into or upon, or being in or upon any Ship, Vessel, Lighter, Boat, or other Craft, for the Purpose of searching for or extinguishing any Fire, Candle, or Light being or suspected to be therein, ' contrary to any Provision contained in any of the said recited Acts, or this Act, or contrary to any Order, Rule, or Regulation made by virtue of any of the said recited Acts or this Act, or for the Purpose of discovering any Theft or Embezzlement committed or fnfpcded to have been committed in or about such Ship, Vessel, Lighter, Boat, or other Craft, or for the Purpose of quelling any Riot or Disturbance therein, or for any other Purpose authorized by any of the said recited Acts or this Act, or by any such Order, Rule, or Regulation as aforesaid, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Penalty not exceeding Five Pound?, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom the Person or Persons so offending shall be convicted, such Penalty or Penalties to be recovered by Pittrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, in like Manner as other Penalties created by any of the said recited Acts; and if any Dog or Dogs shall at any such Time be found loose on board any such Ship, Vessel, Lighter, Boat, or other Craft, contrary to any such Order, Rule, or Regulation or lnttrudions, as shall be made in that Behalf by the Directors of the said Company, or by the Superintendant of the said Docks, or by the Dock Matters of the said Company, or any One of them, for the Time being, a» herein-before mentioned, the Matter or other Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, and the Person or Persons having the Charge of such Lighter, Boat, or other Craft, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, to be recovered in Manner as aforesaid.

VII. And Whereas further Powers and Provisions are found to be necessary respecting the keeping of Fires,

Candles, and Lamps on board Ships and other Vessels in the said Docks; Be it further enacted, That no Person whomsoever shall have or kerp, or cause to be had or kept any Fire, Candle or Lamp lighted, on board any Ship or other Vessel within the Docks or other Works of the said Company, at any Time or Times after the Hour of Four in the Evening, nor before the Hour of Seven in the Morning, between the Twenty-ninth Day of September and the Twenty sixth Day of March in every Year, nor before the Hour of Five in the Morning between the Twenty-fifth Day of March and the Thirtieth Day of September in every Year, nor on board any Ship or other Vessel within the Docks or other Works of the said Company, having on board the fame any Tar, Pitch, Rolin, Hemp, Flax, Faggots, Furze, Brandy or other Spirituous Liquors, Turpentine, Oil, Hay, Straw, Tallow, Grease, Shavings of Wood, or Combuttible Matter whatsoever of any Kind during any Part of the Time which such Ship or other Vessel shall be actually delivering or taking in her Cargo, upon pain of forfeiting for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered as aforesaid, unless the having of such Fire, Candle, or Lamp so lighted, shall be with the Permission in Writing of the Directors of the said Company, or of the Superintendant of the said Docks, or of the Dock Matters, or One of the Dock Matters of the said Company for the Time being for that Purpose first had and obtained.

VIII.*And Whereas by the said Act passed in the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, it is enacted, That in case the Owner, Matter, Pilot, Servant or other Person having the Care of any Ship or

other Vessel, shall refuse or neglect to moor, unmoor, move or remove the fame, according to the Direction 1 of the Dock Matter or Dock Matters of the said Company, within Twelve Hours after Notice to him or them given in Writing, or left with some Person or Persons on board the said Ship or Vessel for that Purpose, that then it should be lawful for the said I oc't Matter or Dock Matters, or his or their Attittants, and he or they were by the said Act required to moor, unmoor, move, or remove such Ship or Vessel, and the Charges and Expences thereof respectively were thereby directed to be repaid, together with the Sum of Ten Pounds for each Offence* by the Matter or Owner of such Ship or Vessel, and to be recovered or paid over in the Manner

6 N a*therein

4SG. J|. c.xeviiu UnHl the First Day of Jluseuji luio. &c.

39l.40G.tt.

C.xlvii.

44 G. a. C. 100.

44 G. 3. c. ii.

45 G. 3. c. Jviii.

46 G. 3. c. lix.

47G.3. ft.2. c.v*.

Pemltie* on Pec-suns obftnn^ing Constable*, 8tc. i* going on l>oard Ships or Vessel in the DocUv

&.C.

For furthe* Prevention of Fires, &c. on board Ships, ie* in the Dock*.

A.D. 1809.

1004 C.clvi, civil. 49° GEORGII III.

Removal of

Ship*, &('. shall

kw m ule within O ie Hour iilief TSoiirr by the Dock M-llicr.

Treafunr may mike Demand ivr Penalties.

Penalties not exceeding H>). may he recovered brlorc One Jullk-e.

Buildings within furr.

ills of the Docks shall not he (ul'icii't to l'ro\ ifions of 14 G. a. c. 78.

therein mentioned; and in case any Mailer, Commander, Mate, Pilot, or other Person or Persons baring the Command of any Ship or other VtfTcl, or the Owner, Agent, Configuet, or any other Person or Perfooa f whomsoever, should obstruct or hinder the mooring, unmooring, moving, or removing of any Ship or other VtfTcl, such Person or Persons should for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered

and applied as therein mentioned: And Whereas the said Time of Twelve Hours after such Notice as aforesaid,

allowed by the said Act for complying with such Direction of the Dock Mailer or Dock Mailers as aforesaid, has been found by Experience to be inconvenient; Be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the fail several Provisions, Penalties, Matters, and Things in the said Act contained, shall a<ta : h and take eftVft after One Hour from the Time of such Notice being given as aforesaid, in the same Manner to all Intents and Purposes as the fame attach and take efftft by virtue of the said Act, after Twelve Hour* from the Tune of such Notice being given as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Penalty or Penalties, Forfeiture or Forfeiture* imposed by any of the said recited Act* or this Act, is or are made recoverable after the same shall be demanded, it shall and may be lawful for the Treasurer of the said Company for the Time being, or any Person or Persons by him authorized in Writing under his Hand for that Purpose, to make such Demand; and all Demands so made shall be deemed good and sufficient to all Intents and Purposes; any Thing to the contrary ia anywise notwithstanding.

X.*And Whereas by the said Act passed in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majestf, it it enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by the said Act imposed, concerning which no particular Dirtftion had been therein already given, should, if the fame Arnold not be paid within Fourteen Days after the fame should be demanded, be recovered and levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders. by Warrant under the Hands and S ala of any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County of Midd'csex, which Warrant they were thereby empowered and required to grant upon the Information of One or more credible Witnesses upon Oath before them made, which Oath they were thereby empowered to administer and in case no such Distress as aforesaid could be had, then it should be lawful for the said Two or more Justices, by like Warrant or Warranty to commit the Party or Parties offending to the Common Gaol of the County of Middlesex or House of Correftron, for the Space of Ten Days, without Bail or Mainprize, or for any less Time at the Discretion of such Justices, unless the said Penalties and Charges should be sooner paid and satisfied: And Whereas the said Powers ard Provisions have been extended to the said other recited Acts: And Whereas it is expedient that in certain Cases the said Powers should be given to One JusticC 4 of the Peace; Be it therefore further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures, not exceeding Tea Pounds, imposed by any of the said recited Acts or this Act, concerning which no particular Direction hath been given, may be recovered and levied in the Manner and Form directed by the said Act passed in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign as aforesaid, before and by One Justice of the Peace for the County of Middlesex; and all the said Powers and Provision9 therein given and made to, and respecting Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County, as well relating to the Recovering, Levying, Distribution, and Mitigation of Penalties and Forfeitures, as resptfting the Commitment of any Party or Parties offending, and also the Form of Conviction in the said Act mentioned, shall and may be used, extreifed and put in force by One Just ice of the Peace for the said County; any Thing herein or therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI.*And Whereas in pursuance of the said Act passed in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Directors of the said London Dock Company have made a Dock to be tif«-d for the unloading of Ships, together with Quays, and other Buildings upon or near the Banks thereof, wit in the several P.riihe*

in the County of Middlefx mentioned in the said Act of the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, and have surrounded and inclosed the fame by a strong and durable Wall not less than Twenty Feet high on all Sides, according to the Directions of the said Act, and such Wallis not built within Thirty Feet of any surrounding Buddings, or the Maigin or Boundary of any Ground occupied by Buildings: And Wnrreas it is provided by the said Act that no House or other Budding shall be erected on the out side of the said Wall, nor any Building suffered to remain (landing within Thirty Feet therefrom, which Provision h .th been complied with, and various other Precautions have been taken in crest: ng the Buildings of the said Company to prevent Mischief by Fire; Be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the several Hides and Regulation Contained in a certain Act of Parliament, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present M3(cfty, intituled, An Act for the further and better Regulation rf Buildings nr I Party IPdis, and for the more fi dually preventing Mfchiefs by Lire within the Cities of London and West ni in Iter, and the Liberties thereof and other the Pan/hest Precincts, end Places within the IP eddy Bills of I\ lor tidily, the Parishes of Saint Mury-\-bone, Paddington, Saint Pancras and S int Luke at Cnri'ea in the County of Middlesex, and for indemnif j under certain Conditions, Builders and other Persons against the Penalties to which they are or may be liable for ire cling Buildings within the Limits aforesaid, contrary to Law, (had not extend or be conftrticd to extend to any BuiIjm^s of the said Company erected or to be erected within the said Wall, by virtue of the said recited Acts or trim Act.

Powers, &c. of former Acts extended to this Act. §12. Act shall not compel Parties to fell. §13*

Publick Actr J 14.

'Cap. dvii.

G. i..26. An Act for amending an Act for better supplying the Ciiy and Liberties of Wflmivjler, and Part* adjacent,

with Water, and for enlarging the Powers thereof. [iott* June ibey.]

Governor and Company of .Chelsea Water Works a-lowed, with Len.ve of the Corporation of London^ to cut the Bank of the River Thames below Low Water Mark, and lay Pipes therein. § X, &c.

Copt

A.D. 1809.

1005

49° GEORGII III. C.clviii — clxvi.

Cap. clviii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tram Road from the Summit of the Hill above Churchway Engine, in the Fore ft. of Dean, in the County of Gloucester, to a Certain Place in the said Forest called Cindcrford Bridge* [loth June 1809.]

k [The Bullo Pill Railway Company incorporated.]

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully, maliciously, and to the Prejudice of the said Undertaking, break, throw down, destroy, tteal, or take away any Part of the said Railway or Tram-Road, or other Works to be erected and made by virtue of this A A. every Person so offending and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony; and the Court f>y and before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Persons to be puntshed in like Manner as Felons are dirt cted to be punished by the Laws or Statutes of this Realm, or in Mitigation of such Punishment such Courts may, if they (hill think fit, award such Sentence as tht Law direAs in cases of Petit Larceny.

Cap. clix.

An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from the River Wye, at or near to a Place called Lidbrooi, in the Parish of Ruardean, in the County of Gloucester, to or near to a Place called the Lower Forge, below Newern, in the Parish of Lydney, in the said County, and for making other Railways therein mentioned in the Forest of Dean, in the County of Gloucjler.

[10th June 1809.]

[The Lydney and Lidbrook Railway Company incorporated.]

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully, maliciously, and to the Prejudice of the fai l Undertaking, break, throw down, destroy, steal or take away any Part of the said Railways, or other Works to be erected and made by virtue of this Act, every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony j and the Court by and before whom such Person (h*U be tried and convicted, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person 4o be punished in like Manner as Felons are directed to be punched by the Laws or Statutes of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain a^d Ireland called England, or in Mitigation of such Punishment, such Courts may, if they shall think 6t, award such Sentence as the Law direAs ! Cases of Petit Larceny: Provided, that nothing herein contained shall extend to any Owner of Land, or his or her known Agent or Agents, till Satisfaction shall have been tendered as herein provided.

Cap. clx.

An Act to continue and amend several Acts for repairing Roads in the County of Dumfries, and converting the Statute Labour within the said County into Money, (a) [roih June 1809.]

Cap. cixi.

Jin AA for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Mead Brook, in the County of Gloucester, to Christian Malford Bridge, - in the County of Wilts, and other Places therein mentioned, and for extending the said Road to the Centre of Christian Malford Bridge. (b) [lOtd June 1809.]

Cap. clxii.

An Act for the Exchange of Part of the Settled Estates of the Earl of Guilford, and for the Sale of other Part, to discharge a Mortgage thereon, and for other Purposes. (q. P.) [10th June 1809.]

Cap. clxiii.

An Act for the Partition of certain Settled Estates of John Wharton Esquire, situate in the Counties of Torh

L '*Westmorland, and Durham. (q. P.) [loth June 1809 ]

Cap. clxiv.

AA for vesting certain Estates in the Counties of Kent and Suffix, devised by the Will of John Hutton. Esquire, deceased, in Trustees to be sold, and for invdiing the Money arising therefrom in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the fame UTcs. (q. P.) [10th June 1809.]

Cap. clxv.

An Act for vesting Part of the devised Estates of John Tirel Morin Esquire, deceased, situate in the Counties of Buckingham and Middlesex, in Trustees to be iold, for discharging Incumbrances affecting the fame, and for laying out the Rcftduc of the Monies to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled ..to the same Uses as the Estates intended to be sold. (q. P.) [10th June 1809J

Cap. clxvi.

An Act for vesting the detached Parts of the Estates of William Farrer Esqu're, deceased, in Trustees for S*le, under the DireAiou of the Court of Chancery, for paying the Incumbrances affcAing the fame. (q. P.)

[loth June 1809 j

Cap.

Penalty On deft roving Works, 8tc. Felony, &Cr

Penalty on Persons damaging Railways, &c. Felony, &c.

former 38 G. 3. c. lx. 41 G. 3. c. xliX. all repealed.

29 G. 2. c. 56. 2 G. 3. c. 74.

27 G. 3. c. 68.

ioo 6

For On* Year, See.

£6 G. 3. c. 3?.

4* G. 3. c. cl.

44G. 3. C. xxxvii.

46 G. 3. c. exx*-48 G. 3. c.xcii.

G. a. c. 98.sG. 3. C. 84.

870.3. c. 40. pr. AoJ ffr 41 G. 3. (U.K.j c. xv.

C.clxvii — clxxvii. 49° GEORGII III. A.D. 1809.

Co/. clxvii.

An Act for vesting Part of the Real Eftstes, in the County of Lincoln, devised by the Will of Henry Maffmgberi Esquire, deceased, in Trustees to be sold, and for applying Part of the Parchafe Money in paying oft certain Incumbrances affecting the said Estates, and for laying out the Residue thereof in the Pnrchafr of other Eft ate* to be settled to the same Uses. (q. P.) [10th June 1809.]

Cap. clxviii.

An Act for vesting certain Estates late of the Honourable George Jocelyn deceased, in the County of Dublin, m Trustees to be .fold* and for laying out the Monies thence arising in the Purchase of Government Securities, to be settled to the same Uses as the Estates fold. (q. P.) [10th June 18: 9

Cap. chrix.

An Act for vesting in Trustees a certain Tra6l of Open Pasture Land called Box Moor, in the Parish of HmeU hempfled, in the County of Hertford, upon certain Trolls, applying the Produce thereof, and for better fveuring the Rights of the respective Parties eutitled to the said Moor. (q. P.) [10th June 1809.]

Cap. cl XX.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Dronfield, in the County of Derby. (q. P.) fiotb June 1809 ]

u Allotments and Compensation for Tithes. § tt, See, Leases by the Vicar of Dronfield not valid without the

Ring's Content as Patron of the Vicarage.

Cap. clxxi.

An Act for reviving, continuing, and amending an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for laying a Toll upon all Horses and Carriages p<*ilt<ig on a Sunday over Blackfriart Bridge, and for applying the Money to arise thereby towards increasing the Fund for watching, lighting, cleaning, watering., and repairing the said Bridge.

[15th June iSog.}

Cap. clxxii.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Acts, made in the Forty-fccottd, Forty* fourth, and Forty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making, maintaining, watching, lighting, and watering several Roads to communicate with the West India Docks, in the IJlc of Dogt, and the East India Docks at Blackwall, both in the County of Middlesex; and also of several Acts lor repairing the Gannon Street Road, in the said County 5 and also for making, maintaining, watching, lighting, and watering a new Road from the said Road communicating with the East India Docks, to Barling, in the County of EJTtx; and for enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the Forty-?ighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Road from the Romford and Whitechapel Road to or near to Tilbury Forty in the County of EJex, (b) {15th June 1809.]

Cap. ctxxiii.

An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of the Sixth and Twenty-eighth Y<iri of His present Mjycfty, for repairing several Roads leading to the Town of Dartford, in the County of Kent, lb) {15th June 1809.]

Cap. clxxiv.

An Act for extending and enlarging the Powers or Authorities given by an Act passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Enfranchisement of Copyhold and Customary Lands, Pared of the Manor of Arundel, and other Manors entailed by the Act of Parliament of the Third of Charles the Fiji, and for the Sale of Tithes also entailed by the said Act, (q. P.) [ijth June 1809.]

Cap. clxxv.

An Act to empower the Trustee* under the Will of the Right Honourable Edwardlste Lord Thtrlow to grant in Fee upon Fee Farm Rents, or for long Terms of Years, certain Estates by the fame Will devised in Trull for Sale, and to pull down the Mansion House called Knight's Hilly and to make Roads, and to enfianchife Copyholds, and for other Purposes. (q. P.J [15th June 1809.

Cap. clxxvi.

An Act for vesting an Estate, in the County of Lincoln, devised by the Will of Francis Lord Le Defacer, m Trustees, upon Trull, to sell the same, and with the Money arising therefrom to difehirge the Incumbrances thereupon, and to lay out the Surplus in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses. (q, P.y

Ujth June 1809.]

Cap. clxxvii.

An Act for effecting the Sale of certain Estates devised by the Will of Henry Partridge Esquire, deceased, and for laying out the Money to arise by such Sales in the Purchase of other EfUtesf and for settling the same to the like Ufea. (q. P.) [15th June 1809.]

£ Cap.

A.D. 1809.

ICO

49° GEORGII III. CclxxviiU-cW>iii.

Cap. daxviii.

An Act for vesting certain detached Parta of the Estates devised or limited to strict Uses by the Will of the Right Honourable William hte Lord Craven deceasecT, and situate in the County of Gloucrjler, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying Part of the Monies arising from the Sale thereof, in discharge of an Incumbrance subsisting thereon, and for laying out the Residue of such Monies in the Purchase of otlur Estates to be settled to the same Uses* [15th June 1809.]

Cap. clxxix.

An Act for vesting certain Estatea, late of T/tomas Hodgkins Esquire. King in the respect: ve Parishes of Waif all and yJldridge, in the Cninty of Stafford, in Truttets, in trull to sell the same, and apply the Purchase Monies 8riling therefrom in paying off all Incumbrances upon, such Estates, and otherwise, under the Directions of the High Court of Chancery, (q. P)[Ijth June 1809.]

Cap. clxxx.

An Act for inclo&ng Lands in the Pavifh of Sharnbrook, in the County of Bedford, (q. P.) [ry&b June 1809 j

Allotments for Tithes- §21, See.

Cap. clxxxi.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Wilflsomflccidi in the County of Bedford, (q P.) [15th June 1809.]

M Allotments and Compensation for Tithes. §21, &c.

Cap. clxxxii.

An Act to enable the Royal Exchange Insurance Company of Ireland to sue and be sued in the Name of their Secretary.

[19th June 1809.]

Cap. clxxxiii,

An Act f«>r making new Sewer? and Drains and amending the present Sswers and Drains within certain Districts und: r the Jurisdictirxi of the Commissioners of Sewers for the Limits extending from East Mouldfey in Surrey, to Ravrnfbcrne in Kin/, and for other Purposes relating to the Execution of the Commission of Sewers for the said Limits- [19th June 1809.]

Cap. clxxxiv-

An Act for rendering more effectual Two Acts passed for the better regulating the Poor in the Parish of Saint 31 C. 2. cv45.* Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey % in the County of Surrey; for inclosing the Church Yard thereof, and for oiG.a. c. 19. other Purposea therein mentioned relating thereto- [19th June 1809J

Cap. clxxxv.

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant the Moot Hall, Grand Jury Room, and certain Grounds and Buildings adjoining thereto in the Caille Garth, within the Scite of the Old Cattle of New cnftleupon Tyne, to the Justicts

of the Peace for the County of Northumberland, for building Courts of Justice, and also a Gaol for the said 1

County, and for other Purposes therein mentioned relating thereto.

[19th June 1809.]

X. And be it further enacted, That all and every the said Moot Hall, Shire Hall, Court Houses, Grand Maot Half, Jury Room, Offices, Gaol, and Buildings, so to be provided and erected as aforesaid, and also such open Space Gaol, &c. of Ground as shall or may be laid out and attached thereto as a Court Yard, and bounded as before-mentioned, declared to U shall from and immediately after the same shall be so ertfted and laid out, respectively be, and be deemed to be, "'dumb* within and Parcel of the said County of Northumberland to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and that all and "nt*' every other Part and Parts of the said Cattle Garth and Scite of the said old Cattle of Newcastle-upon-Tyne,

shall from thenceforth be deemed and taken to be within and Parcel of the Town and County of the Town of Newcq/lle-upon-Tyne, to all Intents and Purposea whatsoever; any Law, Usage, Custom, or Grant whatsoever* to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding-

Cap. clxxxvi.

An Act: for making and maintaining a Road from the Borough of Southwark to the Kent Road in the County of Surrey. (£) [19th June 1809.]

Cap. dxxxvii.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act paffird in the Forty-Eighth Year of His present Majesty, for inclosing oGt 3.

Wattes in the Township of Minera in the County of Denbigh\ as subjects the Owners of certain Mines there to Damages for working the fame, and as authorizes any Person to get Stonefaom any Mines of Stone in the said Wades, P.) [, 19th J*809.]

Cap. clxxxviii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road leading from Barmouth in the County of Merioneth, to Traetbmawr in the Couoty of Caernarvon, and for building a Bridge at Traetbbach, in the said County of Metioneth. (b)

[20th , 7#«/1809.]

Cof*

A.D. 1809.

J 008

Puni fitment f ir fleilrovjn^ W oik*.

lCom DlifC OTV'T*.

Meetings of

Co*imiiTi< men,<ui Tower to fix U&i« fur .WaIuJJUCU.

C.clxxxix, cxc. 49° GEORGII III.

Cap. clxxxix.

An Act for supplying with Water the Inhabitants of Deptford, Greenwich, and several other Parishes and Placet

in the Counties of Kent and Surrey, [20th June 1829.]

[The Company of Proprietors of the Kent Water Works incorporated

LX. And be it further en?ded, That if any Person or Persons shall knowingly, wilfully, or ma'iciously break, throw down, or destroy any Bank* or other Works ered d, made, or maintained by virtue of this Act, thea and in every fuel) Case every such Person shall bt judged guilty of Felony, and the Court by and before whom such Person or Persons Hull be tried and conv £Ld, shall have Power and Authority to canfe such P«.rfon or Persons to be transported b-ryond the Stas for the Term of Seven Year*, or in Mitigation of such Punishmcat such Cuurt may award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petty Larceny.

Cap. cxc.

An Act for the hetter Government of the Watermen working on the Passage between Gcsport, Portsmouth, and Pori fa, and other*- Places within Portsmouth Harbour, and to and from Spithead, St, Helen's, and other Parts within the Isle of Wight, in the County of Southampton, and to and from certain Places in the said Island, and for regulating the Fares of filth Watermen.

[20th June 1809.]

WHEREAS the Conduct of the Watermen working on th- P (Tage between Gcsport. in the Pan(h of 4 XX Alverstoke, and Portsmouth, and Porifea, and to and from Hardin ay, Fareham, i'ortchfer, Paifgrove, V/ymering, and other Places with'n Portsmouth Harbour, and to and from Spithead and Saint Helen's, and ether Parti and Places within the Isle of Wight, in the County of Southampton, by reason of their demanding exorbitant and unequal Prices for the Carriage of P a (Ten., era, and their reftdin? to carry Padengers acrosshe Harbour of Portsmouth, and to and from Ilardivay, Fareham, Portchester, Paffgrove, Wymcring, and other

Places within Portsmouth Harbour, and to the Ships and Vc(LIs of His Majesty, and other Ships and V. sids

lying within the said Harbour, and at Spithead Saint Helen's, and other Places within the said Isle of Wight,

4 in the County of Southampton, and to and from the Places lying within the said Harbour and in the said JJle of Wight, between Cowes and Saint Helen's, baa been long complained of, and is now become a general

Grievance, and is a great Inconvenience and Detriment to the Inhabitants of the f«i; d T'wns and Neighbour*

hood, and also to the Officers and Seamen belonging to the said Ships and Vefl. Is: May it therefore please

Your Majesty that it m<: y be enacted p and be it enacted by the King'd most Excellent M jff \, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present P..-lian <nt afhmbled, and by the Authority of the same, That His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Southampton far the Time being, the Mayor, Recorder, and Aldermen of the Borough of Portsmouth for the Time being, the Steward of the Bishoprick of W'mchester for the Time being, the Bdhop of Winchester s Bailiff of the Borough and Manor of Gosport for the Time being, the Rector of Alvcrfoke for the Time being, the Incumbent of G of port Chapel for the Time being, the C >m millionrs of His M j tty's Dork Yard at Portsmouth for the Time being, the Governor of Hafhtir Hospital for the Time being, George Porter E>q ure. [&c. ice.] (hah be and they are hereby appointed Commissionera for putting in Execution the several Powers ana Authorities in and by this Act given.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Comrrifiloners, or any Seven or more of them, are hereby empowered and required to meet on the First Hue flay in the Mouths of July. November and March in each Year, at some convenient Place within the said Borough of Gosport or Borough of Portsmouth, to oe ippoinud by the said Commdinners, such Meetings to be alternately held at the said Borough 01 Greport and Bureugh o; Portsmouth; the First Meeting of the said Commissioners to be held at the India Arms Inn in Gosport, on the First Hues laf in July ntxt alter the passing of this Act, and the Eid Commissioners or any S ven or more of them, (hub and nuy, it they shall see fit, fr m Time to Time adjourn such Mat'ngs or any or either ot th-m, in such Manner and to such Time as they fLall think proper j and that the Comm (Ti viera, cr any Seven or w rt of them, at such First Meeting to be holden as aforrfatd, or at any Acjourntne t or Adj uim/nents thereof, shall and they are hereby requ-red to proceed to fix and afiefs the Rates ami Fares to be ta*en by the said Watermen for the of any Person or Persons, either with or without II or 1 6 or ot -r Cattle, to and from Gsport,

Portsmouth and Portsea, and then Parts within the said Harbour of Portsmouth. and to and from at y Ships or VtflUs lying within the said Harbour, and also to and from Spithead. Saint Helen's, the Motlerlank. StJes Bay, and oth r Pot? w thrn the said Isle of Wight, and to and from any Ships or Vessels Ivng thereat, and also to and from I)raising, Ryde, Cowes, or any ther Place in the said llEnd, between Saint Helen s and Cowes, which Rato and Fares, h> alfilTcd and rated shall continue in force rtfp'&ivclv until they, or aT v or either 01 them, shall be altered by any Ord^r of the said Commissionrs to be Trrade at any. subsequent M cring of the iaid Commissioners, which Alteration it thaii and may be lawful for the said Cumnrfflmers, or any S^vcn or more of them, at any Tune or Times hereafter to make at any Mcttirg to be held in pursuance of the Piov»fion* of this Act.

M D ice in every Year Vacancies nccvfioned by the Death, 8cv. of Commissioners shall be filled up by the other 4i Cum midi mers; and Notice ot Meetings for that iVirpose, and of alloihtr M^eringf. under this Act, shall be given to Com m Ifioners by their Clerk. §3. Equal Nun: b, r of Com, (Tru eto on cich S* e of the Water.^4.4 QNh of CommiCSor.ers §5. Qualification of Commissionerp. §6. Appointrr* nt ol C; trk. ^7. Duty of u the Clerk and Treasurer. J 8. Power for the Clerk to adj urn Meetings, &c. §9.

A.D. 1809. 49° GEORGII III. C.cxc.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required to make and settle Two several and distinct Tables of Rates and Fares, the Rates and Fares in one of which shall be payable in fair Weather, and the other in foul Weather; and for the Purpose of obviating any Doubt as to the Time at which the said Rates and Fares may be respectively demanded, the said CommifBorers shall provide a Blue Flag, tb be hbifted on the Beach at Gosport, by such Person, and in such Manner and Form, as the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, at any Meeting to be holden in pursuance of the Provisions of this Act, shall from Time to Time appoint and order, or as shall be dirtded by any Bye-Law to be made in pursuance of the Provision* herein after contained, and which said Person shall be paid such Sum and Sums of Money as the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall from Time to Time dirt 61; and so long as the said Flag shall remain hoisted, the foul Weather Fares shall be demanded, and at all other Times the fine Weather Fares only shall be payable: Provided always, that if the said Flag shall be hoisted or hauled down while the said Watermen, or any or either of them, is or are in the Act of carrying any Person or Persons to or from any Place or Places as aforesaid, the said Watermen shall be paid the Rate or Rates, Fare or Fares, which was or were payable at the Time such Person or Persons first left the Shore or Place in the Boat of such Waterman or Watermen.

XI. And be it further enact-d, That when the said Tables of Rates and Fares shall be settled by the said Commissioner, the same shall be printe'd, and the said Commissioners shall cause a Copy thereof to be delivered to racb of the said Watermen to be licensed as herein after mentioned, and One Copy of such Rates painted on a Board shall be affixed on the Door of the Market House in Gosport aforesaid. One other such Copy on the Door of the Guildhall of Portsmouth aforesaid, and One other such Copy in the Town of Portsea, at or near the Gates of His Majesty's Dock Yard there; and when and as often as the fame, or either of them, shall be defaced or destroyed, the said Commissioners shall cause the same to be replaced by another or others; and when and as often a9 any Alteration or Alterations shall be made by the said Commissioners in the said Tables of Rates or Fares, the same shall be in like Manner printed, delivered, painted, and affixed as aforesaid,

XII. And be it further ena& d, That in case any such Waterman, 01* other Person employed by him, shall demand or take more than the Rates or Prices so to be aflVflVd.and rated as aforesaid, except as herein after mentioned, or shall (not being prevented by some obvious Difficulty or Danger, which such Waterman shall make appear to the Satisfy &ion of the Justice or Justicer before whom any Complaint shall be laid) refuse to carry any Paflcnper for such Rates or Prices, every such Waterman so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, to be levied and recovered, paid and applied in Manner herein after mentioned: Provided always nevertheless, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Watermen to demand Double the Rate of Fare fixed by the said Tables between the Hours of Six of the Clock in the Evening, and Six of the Clack in the Morning, between the Twenty-ninth Day of September and the Twenty fifth Day of March in each Year; and between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Evening, and Five of the Clock vn the Morning, between the Twenty-fifth Day of March and the Twenty-ninth Day of September in <ach Year.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to pay any Waterman or Watermen licensed as hertin-after mentioned the Fare or Fares which he or they 19, are, or shall be entitled to demand, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace of the said County of Southampton, if the Offence shall be committed out of the Borough of Portsmouth, or of the Borough of Portsmouth it the Offence shall be committed within it, or of the Borough of Portsmouth, or the County of Southampton, if the Offence shall be committed upon the Water wit* in the Harbour of Portsmouth, upon Complaint thereof, to grant a Warrant to bring before him the Person or Persons against whom such Complaint shall be made, and, upon Proof upon Oath of One Witness (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administtr), to award reasonable Satisfaction to the Party aggrieved for his Damages and Costs, and, upon Refusal to pay or make such Satisfaction, to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so refusing.

XIV.*And, for better preventing the Misbehaviour of any such Waterman, or any Apprentice or Assistant*employed by him, ' be it further enacted, That upon Complaint of any Misbehaviour of any Waterman, Apprentice, or Aflittant, in assaulting, insulting, or using abusive or insulting Language to any Person or Persons whonasoever, it shall and may be lawful to and for any such Justice of the Peace for the said County of Southampton or Borough of Portsmouth, within his respective or concurrent Jurisdiction, to summon such Waterman, Apprentice, or AfiiUant berore him to answer the said Complaint, and upon Proof thereof upon Oath (which Oath the said Justice is hereby empowered to administer), or by his own Coofeflfion, or on the View of a Justice of the Peace, such Waterman, Apprentice, or Aflillant, shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings, to be levied and recovered, paid, and applied in Manner herein after mentioned; and if sufficient D ltrefs cannot be had, he shall be committed to the House of Correction for the County, Borough, or Place where the Complaint shall be heard, for One Calendar Month, or every Waterman convicted of any such Offence dial) forfeit and lose his Licence, and shall not be again licensed for the Space of One whole Year next ensuing; and such Waterman, Apprentice, or Aflillant so effending shall and may, by Authority of this A<ff, anless such Person being a Waterman shall, upon Demand, produce and shew to the Party aggrieved his Licence, so that such Party may ascertain his Name and Place of Abode, or being an Apprentice or Assistant shall at the Time of the Offence committed be actually on board the Boat of his Mailer, having the Name and Place of Abode of such Master Pointed thereon, be apprehended by any Person or Persons who shall fee such Offence committed, and shall be immediately conveyed or delivered to a Constable, or other Peace Officer, in order to be conveyed before forae Justice of the Peace to be dealt with according to Law.

49 Geo. III. 6 0 i( Waterraci

1009

Two Table* or Rates of Fares t#' be allowed for fair and (out Weather, to be determined by a Flag which u payable.

Watermen

entitled to the Fare payable at the Time of being hired.

Tables of Fare* lo be printed, and a Ca>py delivered lo each licensed Waterman.

Penalty on taking higher Rates or refusing to take Pafftngers.

Penalty on Persons not pay in? the established Fares.

Purri filing Watermen and Apprentices for Mil behaviour, &a

IOIO C.cxc,

Boat not to be.

cutruHe'l solely to the Care ot an Apprentice. Penally al.

Waterman to take* no more than Ten Paffe n^trs in fair Weather and Six in foul. Penalty at

Boats shall be

kept in good Condition.

49° GEORGII III. A.D. 1809.

Watermen to be summoned for the Purpose of being licensed. §15. Commissioners empowered to license Watermen. §16. Commissioners may grant and renew Licenses annually. $ 17. Clerk to make Lift of*

licensed Watermen. $ 18. Watermen may be restricted to work within the Harbour only, and shall pay for Licence Twenty Shillings or Ten Shillings accordingly. Watermen to give Notice of Removal. \ 19.

Watermen shall give in the Names of Apprentices and AIMants. §20. Licensed Watermen may take Oac Apprentice. §21.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any such Apprentice, until he shall have attained the full Age of Eighteen Years, and have been apprenticed for the Space of Two Years, to take upon himself the foie Care and Management of any Boat; and in case any such Apprentice shall offend herein, or any licensed Waterman shall permit any Boat to be uoder the Care or Management of any Person or Persons other than himself, or some other licensed Waterman, or of some Person who shall be of the Age of Eighteen Years and shall have served at lead Two Years of his Apprenticeship, the Master of the said Apprentice or such licensed Person so offending as aforesaid, shall forfeit ana pay for every such Offence the Sum of Five Pounds, to be levied, recovered, paid, and applied in Manner herein after mentioned; and if sufficient Distress cannot be had, he shall be committed to the House of Correction where the Complaint shall be heard, for any Time not exceeding Two Calendar Months.

Penalty on Persons working on the said Passage without a Licence, Ten Pounds. $ 23.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any such Waterman or Apprentice, so having the Charge of his Matter's Boat as aforesaid, to receive, take into, or carry in his Wherry or Boat at one and the same Time, any more than Ten Persons in fair Weather, or than Six when such Flag shall be or remain hoisted as aforesaid; and in case any such Waterman or Apprentice shall take or receive into or carry in his said Wherry or Boat any greater Number of Persons than are respectively allowed to be carried as aforesaid, every such Waterman or Apprentice so offending, and being thereof convicted by the Oath of One or more credible Witocfs or Witnesses, or by Confession of the Party or Partita, before any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Southampton or Borough of Portsmouth respectively, or on View of any such Justice or Jattices, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, to be levied, recovered, paid, and applied in Manner herein after mentioned; and if sufficient Distress cannot be had, he shall be committed to the House of Correction of the County, Borough, or Place where the Complaint shall be beard, for Two Calendar Months; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, to revoke the Licence granted to such Waterman, and he shall not again be licensed.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said licensed Watermen shall keep their Boats in good Repair, Order, and Condition, and well and sufficiently provided with Matts, Sails, Oars, Rudder, and all other proper Gear and Tackte, and that whenever any such Watermen shall be hired to go to any Place, Ship, or Vessel without the said Harbour of Portsmouth, they shall provide themselves with and have in their respective Boats Two Sets of Sails, one adapted for fair and the other for foul Weather, and that on such Occasions every such Waterman shall have at leatt One Assistant; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more of the said Commissioners, or any Person or Persons to be specially appointed by the Commissioners under this Act, or any Five or more of them, at some Meeting to be holden puriunnt to the Provisions of this Act, and who shall be paid such Sum and Sums of Money for their Service as the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall from Time to Time direct, from Time to Time to inspect the said Boats, and for any Two or more of such Commissioners, or such Person so to be appointed, to order such of the said Boats as shall and may be found deficient in any Respect to be laid by, and such Boat shall not be used again till the Deleft shall have been repaired, and the said Boats shall have been infptftrd and approved of by the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, or by such Person or Persons so to be specia ly appointed as aforesaid; and in case any such Waterman (hill use any Boat not in good Repair and Condition, and well and sufficiently provided with Mallf, Sails, Oars, Rudder, and other proper Gears and Tackle, or without its Number, and the Name and Place of Abode of such Waterman painted in legible Figures and Letters in some conspicuous Part on the lnfide thereof, or, on being hired to go to any Piacc or Ship without the said Harbour of Portsmouth, shall not provide himself with and have on board the said Boat Two Sets of Sails as aforesaid and One Assistant, or shall presume to use any Boat which shall have been declared insufficient as aforesaid, until such Boat shall have afterwards been inspected and approved of by the said Commissioners, or ar.y Two or more of them, or by such Person or Persons so ro be appointed as aforesaid; or if any Person who shall be licensed only to work within the fa: d Harbour shall use his Boat for Hire on the Outside thereof, every such Waterman so offending (halt for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings, to be levied and recovered, paid, and applied in Manner herein after mentioned.

Penally on Vessels King on Gof^oil Bank

Seven Commissioners may make Orders at any of their Meetings for carrying this Act into Execution. J 26, 4' Commissioners may revoke Orders, &c. §27.

XXVIII.*And Whereas the Hard or Landing Place from the said Harbour of Portsmouth on the Gosport Side thereof is liable to be much injured by Ships, Vessels, Lighters, Barges, Boats of Burthen, or other Bnats lying thereon, which by due Care in the Persons having the Command of such Ships, Vessels, Lighters,

Barges, Boats of Burthen, and other Boats, may be avoided Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, if any Matter, or other Person having the Command of any such Ship, Vessel, Lighter, Barge, Boat of Burthen, or other Boat, shall place or permit,

7 or

IOI I

A.D. 1809. 49' GEORGII III. c.cxc.

or suffer any such Ship, Vessel, Lighter, Barge, Boat of Burthen, or other Boat, to lie over or upon the said Hard or Landing Place on the Gosport Side of the said Harbour of Port]'mouth, every such Matter, or other Person having the Command of any such Ship, Vessel, Lighter, Barge, Boat of Burthen, or other Boat, so placed, permitted, or fufFcred to lie over or upon the said Hard, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of 'Five Pounds, to be levied, recovered, paid, and applied in Manner herein after mentioned.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, or by any such Bye Law, Order, Rule, and Regulation made in pursuance thereof (the Manner of Recovery whereof is not otherwise particulary mentioned), shall and may, if not otherwise sooner paid, be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace in or for the County of Southampton, or in or for the County, City, Borough, Town, Division, or Place wherein such Offender or Offenders shall be or reside, or where such Goods and Chattels shall be, which Warrant such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required to grant, such Offender or Offenders having been tirft convicted of any Offence or Offences done or committed contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace foe the said County of Southampton or Borough of Portsmouth, according to their respective Jurisdictiona under this Act, upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, which Oath the said Justice and Justices is and are hereby empowered to administer, or on the Confession of the Offender or Offenders; and the said Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered, rendering the Overplus (if any be), after deducting the Expence of such Distress and Sale, upon Demand, to the Party or Parties whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained, shall be paid to the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, and shall be applied (if not otherwise directed to be applied by this Act) for and towards the Purposes of this Act 5 and in case sufficient Distress cannot be found, and such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices, and he and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County, City, Borough, Town, or Place where such Offender or Offenders shall be or reside, for any Time not exceeding Two Calendar Months where the Penalty shall not amount to Five Pounds, but in all Cases where the Penalty shall amount to or exceed that Sum, and where no other Punishment on Non-payment thereof shall be herein-before directed to be irfhfted, the said Offender or Offenders shall be committed as aforesaid, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unlefa such Penalties and Forfeitures respectively shall be sooner paid.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be subject or liable to the Payment of any of the Penalties or Forfeitures inflicted by virtue of this Act, unless Information shall be given of such Offence or Offences withia Three Calendar Months next after the Offence shall have been committed.

XXXI. 1 And, for the better enforcing due Obedience to this Act, and ascertaining the Mode of Recovery of the respective Penalties/ be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace of the said County of Southampton, as to Offences committed in the said County out of the Borough of Port/ntouth aforesaid, and the Justices of the Peace of the said Borough of Portsmouth, as to Offences committed within the said Borough of Port/mouth, and every of them, shall have full Power and Authority by virtue of this Act, upon Complaint made to them or any of them by any Person or Person?, to examine, hear, and determine by the Oath of One or more Witness or Witnesses (which Oath each and every of them are hereby authorized to administer), or by the Confession of the Offender, all Complaints or Offences to be done or committed within their said respective Jurisdictions, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act: Provided neverthelef?, that where any Offence against this Act shall be committed upon the Water within the Harbour of Portsmouth, the Justices of the Peace for the County of Southampton, and those for the Borough of Portsmouth, shall have a concurrent Jurisdiction as to such Offences, and the Parties making Qomplaint thereof may make such Complaint to the one or the other as they shall think proper.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Conviction shall be had for any Offence or Offences committed against this Act, or auy Matter in pursuance of this Act, the Form of Conviction shall be in the Words or to the Effect following; that i9 to say,

County of Southampton or Borough BE it remembered, That on this Day of

i of Tortfmouth, to wit. J^in the Year of the Reign of

1 A.B. is convict.d before Justice or Justices of the Peace for of having \_as the Offence may be] and I [or, we] the said Justice or Justices do

adjudge him, [her, or them] to forfeit and pay for the fame the Sum of and for the Costs of Prosecution the Sum of Given under my Hand and Seal [or, our

Hands and Seals] the Day and Year first aforesaid.*

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be guilty of any Offence against this Act, or any of the Powers or Directions herein contained, and shall be thereupon summoned, or shall appear before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, and such Person or Persons shall be convicted of any such Offence, every such Person or Persons shall pay the Costs of such Summons and Conviction, and the Distress to he taken in consequence of such Conviction shall be for such Costs, as well a3 the other Monies for which such Distress shall be made; any Statute, Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in 'any wise notwithstanding.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justice or Justices of the Peace, before whom any of thMpeciHck Penalties or Forfeitures by this Act imposed fiiaU be recovered, tp mitigate, compound, or lessen any of the said Penalties or Forfeitures as he or they iu his or their

6 0 2 Ditaction

Recovery of Penal tie*.

Information* foe

Offence* to be given within Three Months.

Allowing a concurrent Jurisdicftion to the Justices so# Southampton snd the lWou^V of Portsmouth, in certain Case*.

Form of Coat i^tiow.

Offenders convicted thill i |>; iV tile Kxp'1* v uf Su.rr.ri u> and I >Jt)\ hftioi:

MiOg'uiou of Peiuiue!,

Dflhefs not to be dermal unlawful for W ine of Forta only.

Limitation of Anions for Matters done under this Actj Six Months. Thirty Days Notice, &c.

Informer* may

be regarded out of the Penalties.

An*»i.

Proceedings not fc* be (juathcil lor Want of Porm.

Tim A<5\ not to extend to Watermen working on*LJar Lake.

cxf* 490 £GEORGII 111 A.D. 1809.

DtCcrrtion shall think fit, so as that the fame be nqt mitigated or reduced to Wfs-than*One Moietf or Half Pat thereof, together with Costs as aforesaid.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Partica tnak'ng the fame be deemed a Trespasser or TrtfpafTera, on account of any Defect or Want of Form in any Proceeding relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distrained be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassm, at initio* on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by him or them; but the Party or Parties aggrieved by such Irregularity shall or may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damages, together with Costs of Suit, in an Action of Trespass or on the Case, at his, her, or their Election.

XXXVI. And be it further cmftrd, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Thirty Days Notice thereof shall have been first given in Writing to the Clerk and Treasurer of the said Commissioners, figr-rd by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and (fating his, her, or their Place of Abode, and unless the same shall be commenced before the Expiration of Six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed, nor after Tender of reasonable Amends shall have been made by or in Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit 5 nor unless such Action or Suit shall be laid or brought in the County of Southampton; and the Defendant or Defendants, in any such Action or Suit to be commenced for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, shall and may pltad the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the Matter or Thing for which such Action or Suit shall be brought was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; tod if such Matter or Thing shall appear to have been so done, or if it shall appear that such Action or Suit was brought before Thirty Days Notice thereof was given in Manner aforesaid, or such Notice shall not state the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs true Place or Places of Abode, or that such Action or Suit was not commenced before the Expiration of Six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed; or if it shall appear that Tender of reasonable Amends was made by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit, before such Action or Suit was commenced or brought, or if the Venue in such Act on or Suit shall be bid in any other County or Place than the County 0$ Southampton, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, and upon such. Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any Case by Law, and the Plaintiff or Plaintiff* shall not in such Action be permitted to give any Thing in Evidence which shall not have been expressed in such Notice, and it shall be incumbent on the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to prove such Notice to have been given, or in Default thereof the Defendant or Defendants shall be entitled to such Verdict and Costs as aforesaid.

XXXVII. And be it further cnaft'd, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Southampton or Borough of Port/mouth before whom such Personi shall be convicted, or the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time, if they shall see Cause, to pay and-apply such Part of the Penalties and Forfeitures to be recovered for any Offence or Offences committed against this Act as they shall think proper, not exceeding One Moiety of them, or any of them, to and for the Use of the Informer or Informers of such respective Offence or Offences 5 any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think him fid f, herfeif, or the mfelve* aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons shall and may, as to Tilings done in the said County of Southampton and out of the said Borough, appeal to the Justicea of the Peace for the County of Southampton, and as to Things done within the said Borough of Port/mouth, to the Justices of the said Borough, at the then next General or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be holden in and for the said County or Borough respectively, after the Expiration of Twenty Days from the Cause of such Appeal, such Appellant first giving or causing to be given Ten Days Notice at leall in Writing of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Cause thereof, to the Clerk to the said Com* miflioDers, and within Two Days next after such Notice given, entering into a Recognizance or Recognizances before some Justice of the Peace for the said County or Borough, as the Case may require, with Two sufficient Sureties, in the Penalty of Thirty Pounds, conditioned to try such Appeal at such S (Hons, and abide the Order of, and to pay such C*>fl8 as shall be awarded by the said Justices upon the Hearing of the said Appeal; and the said Justices, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall at the said Sessions to which the said Appeal shall be made, or if they shall see fit to adjourn the fame, at the Srflions then next followingat farthest, hear and finally determine the Causes and Matter of such Appeal in a iummary Way, and award such Costs for the Appellant or Appellants, or Respondent or Respondents, as they the said Justices respectively shall think proper; and the Determination of such Justices shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Parties concerned or interested therein: Provided nevertheless, that all Appeals against Convictions before any Justice or Justices for the Borough of Port/mouth shall be made to the Sessions for the said Borough, and all Appeals against Convictions before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Southampton dull be made to the Sessions for the County at large.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, or any Order, Matter, or Thing to be done or transacted in or relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be removed by Certiorari> or vacated or qua/hed for the Want of Form ouly , any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act cootained shall extend or be construed to extend to any Waterman or Watermen working across the Lake between Uaflar and Go/port, in the

6 Ferry

A.D. 1809. 49° GEORGII III. C.cxc — cxcii. 1013

Ferry Boat or Ferry Boats belonging to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Transport Service for the Care of sick and wounded Seamen, and for the Care and Custody of Prisoners of War; but that the Waterman or Watermen working the said Ferry Boat or Boats of the said Commissioners may at all Times work the fame without any Controul or Interference of the Commissioners named or to be named under the Authority of this Act, as if this Act had not been made.

Saving the Riehti of the Corporation of Portsmouth. §41. Saving the Rights of the Bishop of Win*

[Publick Act.]

chester, §42. §43.

Cap. cxci.

An Act for building a Bridge over the River Thames from the Precinct of the Savoy, or near thereunto, in the County of AfuJdltJexy to the opposite Shore, and for making convenient Roads and Avenues to communicate therewith, in the County of Surrey.

[20th June 1809 }

Company of Proprietors of the Strand Bridge incorporated. — Before commencing the Purchase of Houses or u building the Bridge, 6c, coo/, shall be invested in Three per Cents at the Bank of England, and 300, 000l.

actually subscribed. — Special Commissioners (the Chancellor of the Exchequer, Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster, Speaker of the House of Commons, &c.) appointed to inspect the Accounts and superintend the Expenditure of the Tolls, &c. — The Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster empowered to fell Lands belonging to the King in right of his Duchy.

CXXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully and maliciouffy, and to the P«nalry on Per-Prejudice of the said Undertaking, break, throw down, or destroy any Part of the Bridge to be crested and made by virtue of this Act, every such Person shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and every such Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be subject to the like Punishment and Penalties as ir, Cases of Grand Larceny; and the Court by or before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person to be punished in like Manner as Felons are directed to be pnniffied by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm; or in Mitigation of such Punishment, such Court may award such Sentence a»' the Law directs in Cases of Petty Larceny.

CXXXII. 4 And, in order to remove all Doubts where and before whom Offences committed on the said Bridge shall and may be cognizable, and how and by whom the Offenders in such Cases may be punished; Be That the Bridge* it further enacted, That the Half of the said Bridge, when built, next adjoining to the County of Middlesex,

shall be deemed to be in the County of Middlesex, and Part of and in the Parish of Saint Clement Danes 5 and the md Suire/"

other Half of the said Bridge adjoining to the County of Surrey shall be deemed to be in the County of Surrey, and Part of and in the Parish of Saint Mary Lambeth 5 but such Bridge shall not be deemed or taken to be a County Bridge, so as to subject the said Counties of Middlesex or Surrey, or either of them, to the repairing or supporting the same.

Cap. cxcii.

An Act for more effectually supplying with Water the Inhabitants of the Towns of Manchester and Salford ive the Parish of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. £20th June 1809.X

[Index removed.]

END OF THE THIRD VOLUME.

Printed by His Majesty's Statute and Law Printer*, London, iso?.

